<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1752474_0000950170-23-008474.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18721570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1515874</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2331594</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9324216</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2024884</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3134902</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-008474.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316161639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-008474
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KLDiscovery Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001752474
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				611898603
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38789
		FILM NUMBER:		23739034

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9023 COLUMBINE ROAD
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55347
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-288-3380

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9023 COLUMBINE ROAD
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55347

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pivotal Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180910

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-008474.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 kld-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing sales price of 6.40 on the OTC Pink Sheet Market, was approxi mately milli on. 
 As of March 16, 2023, there wer e of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 57 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 57 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 58 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 59 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 59 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 75 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 86 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 86 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 87 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 87 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 88 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 99 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 105 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 106 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 109 

i 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information incorporated herein by reference, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements regarding our financial position, business strategy and management s plans and objectives for future operations. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements, and are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, strive, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. When we discuss our strategies or plans, we are making projections, forecasts or forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the beliefs of, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to, our management. 
 All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expect, including: 
 potential failure to comply with privacy and information security regulations governing the client datasets that we process and store; 

the ability to operate in highly competitive markets, and potential adverse effects of this competition; 

risk of decreased revenues if we do not adapt our pricing models to compete successfully; 

the ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified employees, including members of our senior management team; 

the ability to maintain a high level of client service and expand operations; 

potential issues with our product offerings that could cause legal exposure, reputational damage and an inability to deliver services; 

the ability to develop and successfully grow revenues from new products such as Nebula, improve existing products and adapt our business model to keep pace with industry trends; 

risk that our products and services fail to interoperate successfully with third-party systems; 

potential unavailability of third-party technology that we use in our products and services; 

potential disruption of our products, offerings, website and networks; 

difficulties resulting from our implementation of new consolidated business systems; 

the ability to deliver products and services following a disaster or business continuity event; 

the outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as COVID-19; 

potential unauthorized use of our products and technology by third parties and/or data security breaches and other incidents; 

potential intellectual property infringement claims; 

the ability to comply with various trade restrictions, such as sanctions and export controls, resulting from our international operations; 

consequences of our substantial levels of indebtedness, including the pending maturity and potential acceleration thereof in June 2024; 

potential impairment charges related to goodwill, identified intangible assets and fixed assets; 

impacts of laws and regulations on our business; 

1 
 
 macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, exchange rate volatility, and recessionary fears; 

potential litigation and regulatory proceedings involving us; 

expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our public securities; and 

other risks and uncertainties indicated in the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any document incorporated by reference are based on current expectations and beliefs, which we believe to be reasonable, concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (many of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in Risk Factors , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 In addition, statements that include phrases such as we believe and similar phrases reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

2 
 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to numerous risks. The summary below highlights some of the risks you should consider with respect to our business. Additional risks, beyond those summarized below or discussed in Risk Factors, may also adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. You should review and consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described in more detail in the Risk Factors, which includes a more complete discussion of the risks summarized here. 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity Risks 
 
 Our actual or perceived failure to comply with legal and other requirements related to privacy and information security could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

Our products, SaaS offerings, website and networks may be subject to disruption or unauthorized access that could adversely affect our reputation and business. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and our inability to compete may adversely affect our business. 

Our continued growth largely depends upon achieving market acceptance of Nebula. 

Our business depends on clients increasing their use of our solutions and services. 

If we are unable to attract new clients, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

We may need to change our pricing models in order to compete successfully. 

Technology and Intellectual Property Related Risks 
 
 Our inability to successfully recover from a continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our solutions and adversely affect our business. 

Defects in our product offerings could impair our ability to deliver our solutions, expose us to liability, damage our brand or reputation or otherwise harm our business. 

Our failure to comply with the terms of third-party open source software licenses for certain components of our products and solutions could restrict our ability to provide our products and services. 

The unavailability of third-party technology could adversely impact our business. 

Other Business Risks 
 
 We have a history of losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 

Our growth depends on our ability to continue to attract and retain senior management team members and key employees. 

If we are unable to maintain, promote or expand our brand, our brand and business could be adversely affected. 

Risks related to acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our international business operations subject our business to additional risks. 

3 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Failure to comply with export controls, trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations could result in legal liability and adversely affect our reputation and business. 

Our failure to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations could adversely affect our reputation and business. 

The legal industry is highly regulated and we are or may become subject to a wide range of laws and regulations, and any failure to comply with them may adversely affect our business. 

Litigation could have an adverse effect on us. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Risks Related to our Substantial Indebtedness 
 
 Our substantial levels of indebtedness, a significant portion of which could mature as early as June 2024, could adversely affect our business. 

The terms of our existing indebtedness restrict our actions, which could adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 
 There is currently no active public market for our common stock and one may not develop. 

The trading price of our common stock may be volatile. 

Coverage of our business by analysts, or the absence thereof, could adversely affect our stock price and trading volume. 

We may issue additional equity securities, which would dilute existing ownership interests and may depress the market price of our common stock. 

If we comply with reduced reporting and disclosure requirements available to us, our common stock may become less attractive to investors. 

Other Miscellaneous Risks 
 
 Failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and stock price. 

If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains anti-takeover provisions that could adversely affect stockholders rights. 

The foregoing summary is not complete and should be read together with the more detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties in Risk Factors, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

4 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise specified or where the context requires otherwise, references to we, our, us, KLD and the Company (i) for the periods prior to the completion of the business combination between Pivotal Acquisition Corp. and LD Topco, Inc., which closed on December 19, 2019, refer to Pivotal Acquisition Corp., the special purpose acquisition company, and (ii) for the periods after completion of the business combination, to KLDiscovery Inc., the combined company, and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to and the descriptions of the business included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer, prior to the business combination, to the business of LD Topco, Inc., and after the business combination, to the business of KLDiscovery Inc. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also refers to our websites, but information contained on those sites is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Mission 
 
 We solve complex legal, regulatory and data challenges for our clients around the world by leveraging our proprietary software and innovative technology-based solutions. 
 
 Our Company 
 
 The Company was incorporated by its founder, Pivotal Acquisition Holdings LLC, or Pivotal, under the name Pivotal Acquisition Corp. as a blank check company on August 2, 2018 under the laws of the State of Delaware for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On February 4, 2019, the Company consummated its initial public offering, or the IPO, of units, with each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, or the Public Warrants. On December 19, 2019, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of May 20, 2019, as amended, the Company and LD Topco, Inc., or LD Topco, consummated a business combination transaction, or the Business Combination, pursuant to which, among other things, a merger subsidiary was merged with and into LD Topco, with LD Topco surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse merger in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, Pivotal Acquisition Corp. was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading global provider of eDiscovery, information governance and data recovery solutions to corporations, law firms, insurance companies and individuals in 16 countries around the world. With our long- standing history and transformative acquisition in 2016 of Kroll Ontrack, a storied eDiscovery platform with history dating back to 1985, we have decades of experience designing, building, and developing innovative technology solutions that evolve with the needs of our clients. Our integrated, proprietary technology solutions enable clients to efficiently and accurately collect, process, transmit, review and recover complex and large-scale enterprise data. In conjunction with our proprietary technology, we provide immediate expert consultation and 24/7/365 support worldwide, empowering us to be a first-call partner for mission-critical, time-sensitive, and nuanced eDiscovery and data recovery challenges. We leverage our proprietary technology solutions and extensive industry expertise to provide a more reliable, secure and seamless experience for our clients when tackling big data volume, velocity, and veracity challenges. 
 5 

A key example of our purpose-built innovation is Nebula, our flagship, end-to-end AI / ML powered solution that serves as a singular platform of engagement for legal and other types of data. We also offer clients the optionality they desire KLDiscovery-developed or externally-developed software and cloud-based or a number of different on-premise data storage options. We processed 8,009 and 7,823 Legal Technology matters for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, and currently average over 32,000 data recoveries annually from all types of storage media. We believe our scale, expertise, proprietary technology and optionality, and global presence uniquely positions us to be the go-to partner for our clients and solve the world s largest and most complicated data challenges. 
 
 Since January 1, 2020, we have provided services to a highly diverse base of more than 5,800 Legal Technology clients. Our Legal Technology clients include both law firms and corporations serving many industry sectors including finance and banking, pharmaceutical and biotechnology, technology, insurance, and real estate. Our data recovery clients include corporations and individuals that need to recover and access data. Our loyal client base includes 96 of the highest-grossing law firms in the United States as ranked by American Lawyer, known as the Am Law 100, as well as 50 of Fortune 500 companies, as of December 31, 2022. We have longstanding relationships with many of our clients. For example, the average length of our relationships with our top 25 clients based on revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 is approximately 15 years. We actively collect and review feedback from our clients to ensure we are investing in the features and services that address their ever-evolving needs. We believe our commitment to being a first-call provider for our clients largest and most complex cases has helped drive significant revenues from larger and more complex matters, with Legal Technology matters generating over 100,000 and 500,000 in revenue representing 77 and 47 , respectively, of our Legal Technology revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The legal technology industry is fragmented and bifurcated into dozens of software providers, which concentrate on technology solutions, and service providers, which license software and focus on client support to assist with managing the third-party technology. Software providers have increasingly prioritized DIY solutions and generally lack full-service support to address complex data challenges, while service providers have relied on multiple, disparate third-party tools and systems that are limited in the client use cases they can address. We bridged this gap by establishing KLDiscovery as a leading legal technology provider with scale that merges state of the art proprietary software and white-glove services. This combination allows us to manage incidents from an organization s smallest concerns to its most complex legal reviews, as well as time and strategically sensitive legal matters. 
 
 As the first provider to license Relativity, a ubiquitous document review tool, we set a new standard in eDiscovery workflow, being the first provider to reach over one million records on the platform. Since then, we have developed KLD AI and review automation proprietary tools to augment the Relativity offering. For those clients who may choose to use third-party tools like Relativity for data hosting, we complement and enhance their experience via our proprietary toolkit to maximize the hosting platform s functionality. 
 
 In response to an increasing number of clients seeking an end-to-end, fully integrated offering, we launched our proprietary cloud-native Nebula ecosystem in 2018. Nebula is a differentiated, comprehensive platform that addresses the full lifecycle of the Electronic Discovery Reference Model, or EDRM. Nebula is designed for enterprise adoption and can be seamlessly applied to address a multitude of use cases for the global legal and corporate communities. Clients who utilize our all-in-one platform benefit from a scalable, singular repository for their legal workflow processes, while reducing costs, and reducing data security risks inherent when processing and transferring data across multiple disparate systems and service providers. Nebula also offers clients flexibility in data delivery methods; in the public cloud, in our secure data centers, behind the client s firewall in an enterprise server-rack and at a client s location via Nebula Portable, optionality no other provider s proprietary platform can offer. Regardless of data storage location, clients can seamlessly manage their data through the integrated Nebula platform. Demonstrating Nebula s potential, we have experienced strong growth in Nebula revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Nebula revenue was 28.4 million, a 9.7 increase from the prior year. Our diversified and deep-rooted client relationships provide a large and loyal user base to further accelerate the adoption and growth of Nebula. 
 6 

As Nebula s capabilities continue to offer additional upstream use cases beyond eDiscovery, our clients are able to leverage our technology throughout their respective eDiscovery lifecycles. For example, we offer clients Nebula Archive, which captures data across numerous platforms and provides a secure, searchable copy of data under preservation, as well as Nebula Legal Hold, which allows clients to ingest and manage hold data from any source. We believe the breadth of Nebula presents an attractive entry point for us to engage with clients early and bring them onto our platform. 
 
 Additionally, we are a global leader of data recovery services, currently averaging over 32,000 data recoveries annually from all types of storage media. With our in-lab, remote, and on-site capabilities, we recover data at an over 80 success rate from almost any device, storage manufacturer, operating system, database, and back up format. We expect to continue to benefit from our deep data recovery competencies, given the increasing relevance of data privacy and cybersecurity issues at the institutional, governmental, and international levels. 
 
 We believe we have a strong runway to capture a greater percentage of our large and growing market opportunity. Our unique combination of proprietary software and technology-enabled services, coupled with our full stack, scalable platform that covers the full EDRM life cycle, best positions us to tackle our clients big data challenges. Moreover, we believe our proprietary Nebula offering, unlike other existing solutions, offers broad flexibility in deployment methods, cost efficiency with customizable pricing models, and optimized accuracy with its underlying AI / ML technology. We see further opportunity to grow our sales among new and existing clients, scale internationally, and extend our technology leadership. 
 
 Industry background 
 
 The rule of law is integral to society it is the foundation for systems of justice, underpins government functions, and upholds fair economic transactions and social development. From multi-national corporations and governments to local businesses and individual citizens, millions rely on legal services to navigate complex matters and uphold the law in an ever-changing world. According to Statista, legal services represents one of the largest sectors in the global economy, with worldwide spend estimated to increase to 846 billion in 2023. As technology continues to revolutionize the legal services industry, there is a significant existing market opportunity for legal technology solutions that should continue to grow. 
 
 While the legal technology industry is vast and diverse, most organizations in the industry fall into one of four categories: 
 Corporations and other entities Ultimately the end buyers of technology and services, they hire law firms and providers to help them navigate legal, regulatory, and cyber matters 

Law firms Often seen as an intermediary between providers and corporations/government entities, law firms often make provider decisions on behalf of their clients. Law firms are also consumers of legal technology and solutions themselves, both for in-house matters and as an extension of their litigation technology teams. As a result, law firms not only become direct sources of revenue for service and software providers, but also an important source of referrals to corporations that providers can leverage to build direct relationships 

Service providers License and package technology and provide services to corporations and government entities and the law firms they work with. Most service providers of any scale have some proprietary technology, but very few have material portfolios and instead rely largely on licensing third party tools 

Software providers Create technology solutions that service providers rely on, but often take a hands-off approach with respect to substantive matter support or client service. They typically offer only software without domain expertise and support that goes beyond the software itself. This DIY approach is not equipped to handle large engagements. Moreover, most software providers focus their technology to a particular segment of the EDRM and/or a specific delivery vehicle, forcing buyers to maintain multiple relationships to ensure all their needs are satisfied 

7 

Despite the clear distinctions among these categories, there is often overlap between their needs. Service providers commonly license and repackage technology with their services to law firms and corporations, who typically lack the full requisite of resources and domain expertise. Additionally, each organization has specific needs and requirements relating to where data can be hosted, ranging from entirely cloud to entirely behind their firewall, or somewhere in between. While each organization s technology and service needs are unique, software providers can nevertheless market their solutions to all of those organizations, due to the overlap in needs. 
 
 These dynamics underscore the market potential for software providers and highlight the opportunity that exists today for a solution that has broad functionality, around-the-clock client service, and optionality in delivery vehicles to meet all of a buyer s data needs. 
 
 Electronic Discovery Reference Model (EDRM) 

eDiscovery 
 
 eDiscovery is a critical component of the legal industry: parties preserve, collect, review, and exchange information electronically for the purpose of using it as evidence in a civil, criminal or investigative legal case or regulatory action. Electronically Stored Information or, ESI, in eDiscovery can range from simple data sources such as emails, word documents, and databases, to increasingly modern and complex data sources such as social media messages, cell phone data, and mobile applications, such as internal digital chat data, and audio / visual calls. The volume and complexity of eDiscovery varies significantly from case-to-case, ranging from small matters comprising little data to highly complex matters with vast amounts of enterprise data where support from technology and legal experts is essential. According to complexdiscovery.com, the worldwide eDiscovery software and services market is forecasted to grow from 14.0 billion in 2022 to 22.3 billion by 2027 due to the proliferation of data and legal challenges, thereby underscoring eDiscovery s growing significance and use cases. 
 
 The eDiscovery market is highly fragmented, resulting in low penetration divided amongst many vendors. Further, within the eDiscovery industry, there is a significant disconnect between software providers and service providers. Most service providers of any scale have some proprietary technology, but very few have material portfolios and instead rely largely on licensing third party tools. These vendors lack fundamental control over the products they resell, which weakens the user experience and diminishes lifetime value. 
 
 Information governance 
 Information governance is a rapidly maturing discipline, the objective of which is to enable enterprises to manage their huge and growing data estates, taking into account the many demands placed upon that data. These demands include everything from ready access to data for business utility and continuity, to data protection against ransomware and other cyber-attacks, to complying with proliferating privacy and other regulatory requirements, to responding to regulatory investigations and civil litigation. Radicati estimates the information governance market will grow to approximately 8.9 billion in 2024. 
 
 8 
 
 Vendors that offer versatile solutions can help minimize costly and duplicative workflows arising from using separate systems to address multiple needs. Information governance products also serve as attractive entry points for new eDiscovery business opportunities. We expect increases in legal and regulatory demands, and burgeoning data volumes, as well as strategic needs to protect data from cyber-attacks, to drive the growing adoption of information governance solutions. 
 
 Data recovery 
 Data recovery technology providers help clients, ranging from Fortune 500 companies to individual consumers, recover data that would otherwise be lost for a myriad of reasons, such as system failures, accidental deletion, physical damage, natural disasters, ransomware or user error. Data recovery companies use software tools and physical inspection to diagnose and determine the condition of the media and what data may be recovered. Then, they make an image of the data and perform a logical reconstruction of it. In the case of physical damage, large- scale facilities are required as the device may need to be disassembled in a clean room lab and spare parts used to facilitate the recovery. According to the IDC, the worldwide data protection market, which consists of data recovery, archives, and backup spending, is expected to grow to 18.4 billion in 2025. 
 
 Many of the vendors in this fragmented industry are small electronics repair shops using off-the-shelf data recovery software tools. Many smaller data recovery vendors can recover data from hard disk or external drives, while some have the capability to assist with more complex data recovery from servers, storage systems, and networks. Very few global data recovery providers support large-scale operations such as clean room labs and physical data recovery capabilities. Data recovery also complements eDiscovery and information governance by minimizing the amount of data that cannot be recovered from lost or deleted files. 
 
 Our solutions 
 
 We are a legal technology pioneer with a long-standing presence developing proprietary technology solutions. We provide an expansive suite of technology offerings including our end-to-end fully integrated solution, Nebula, which comprehensively addresses information governance, eDiscovery and data recovery needs. Our solutions have been developed in-house by capitalizing on our more than 15 years of technology expertise and legal process management experience. As the first provider to license Relativity, we have developed an entire suite of proprietary technology solutions that creates a bespoke and enhanced experience within the platform. 
 
 We introduced Nebula, our proprietary platform, in 2018 after years of learning from our many client relationships and the engagements on which we support them. Our vast experience taught us that our clients needed one comprehensive and integrated platform that can be used to complete all steps of the information governance and EDRM process, and we believe Nebula fills this critical need. Complemented by our world-class client service, Nebula empowers our clients with flexible, scalable, and innovative tools. As a result, unlike other providers who cannot update the third-party software they sell in real-time or technology companies who are unable to provide after-sale support, we fully control our proprietary technology along with the user experience enabling us to serve as a unified one-stop shop. 
 
 KLDiscovery value proposition 
 
 Highly differentiated combination of proprietary software and human capital 
 We believe our position as the differentiated legal technology provider with proprietary, state of the art, EDRM software combined with our white-glove services will help drive retention and support client growth. We have spent over 15 years investing in, delivering, and perfecting data-centric technology, including our flagship eDiscovery solution, Nebula. At the same time, we built a successful track record of solving some of the most challenging legal data problems through a combination of our proprietary technology and service-oriented culture. As the relationship between software and service providers shifts within the legal industry, we are well- positioned to disrupt the space as a singular, end-to-end and trusted provider of both software and services. 

9 
 
 Full stack, scalable technology offerings covering the full spectrum of the EDRM 
 Through our proprietary technology offerings, we provide full stack, scalable AI-powered software solutions for corporate legal functions allowing clients to collect, process, transmit, store, analyze, and govern all of their data on a single platform in a timely and efficient manner. Nebula, our singular, end-to-end platform, allows us to provide a superior level of client service and minimize the risk of a data breach. Our solutions are designed for enterprise adoption and can be applied to a wide variety of enterprise use cases outside of litigation such as internal investigations, merger clearance, and legal holds. 
 
 Nebula is a highly differentiated and comprehensive technology platform 
 Our proprietary platform, Nebula, addresses virtually all potential eDiscovery and information governance use cases for the global legal and corporate communities. This end-to-end platform allows our clients to contract with a single solution provider and provides one, instantly scalable, secure repository for their legal data that avoids error-prone processes of moving data through different disparate systems. Our platform enables greater efficiency and optionality by offering our clients control over the location of their data and method of delivery. Regardless of data storage location or size, clients can seamlessly manage their data through the integrated Nebula platform with consistent user experience, performance, and features. In addition, Nebula, with its single- source platform and simple usage-based pricing model, addresses virtually all use cases, thus allowing our users to benefit from greater cost predictability and improved efficiency. With existing software solutions limited by any combination of expensive pricing models, limited features, and a lack of delivery options, we believe there is an underserved population of buyers, including eDiscovery service providers, law firms, corporations, and other organizations, that can immediately benefit from Nebula. By supporting a variety of deployment environments with increased cost-efficiency, we believe Nebula is the premier, unified solution that meets and will evolve with the needs of our clients. 
 
 State of the art AI / ML functionality 
 Our leading-edge AI / ML technology allows clients to review their legal data accurately and quickly. We have a strong, decades-long track record of developing award-winning workflow batching software, predictive coding, and AI / ML programs that maximize the efficiency and productivity of lawyers around the world. Developed through continuous use and refinement, our legal review technology has predictive capabilities that we believe are superior to our competitors, giving us an advantage as our clients use our solutions. 
 
 Simplified and flexible pricing to provide end-to-end optimization 
 Our pricing model, customized based on platform functionality and data volume, allows us to offer a wide variety of optionality for our clients. We employ different pricing structures across our large suite of offerings including usage-based subscriptions, transactional, la carte, and alternative fee arrangements for software such as our proprietary Nebula platform and our technology-enabled services and data recovery engagements. We set transparent and attractive pricing, which allows us to deepen our relationships with our large, blue-chip client base. We believe the ease of our pricing structure and solutions, even for the largest and most complex organizations, provides critical entry points for us to onboard additional products and expand beyond traditional use cases. As the strategic value of our technology solutions continues to grow, our pricing strategy will attract both existing and new clients deeper into our ecosystem. 
 
 Our business model 
 
 We offer differentiated solutions to our clients via a flexible and scalable, usage-based business model, where, as an example, clients pay us on the basis of the amount of data processed, ingested, and/or reviewed on our platform, which drives future business opportunities. Our proprietary data and technology fuels referrals from our large global client base. As more clients begin to use our software and solutions, we have opportunities to cross- and up-sell to drive growth of our complementary features and add-ons. By continuously expanding our usage, we increase our global reach and create more value for clients and stakeholders. 
 Pricing We predominately employ a usage-based pricing model for our technology platforms, such as Nebula. For these solutions, our pricing is measured by the amount of data ingested, hosted, produced, and/or reviewed. Since no single structure works for every client, we also offer a 

10 
 
 subscription-based model, where clients commit to a set capacity of usage over a pre-defined term (typically one to three years) at a discount over the usage-based rates typically associated with project-by-project engagements. Our data recovery engagements are fixed fee arrangements. 

Client benefits We offer simplicity and flexibility for our clients. Our usage-based model is designed to scale and adopt to our clients changing needs. With no user fees, Nebula pricing is transparent and allows clients to efficiently budget and support any legal, project, and technology demands. 

Network effect As we continue to grow, we accumulate more data across our ecosystem, which strengthens our technology capabilities and enhances user experience, which attracts even more clients. We allow our clients to store and reuse data for future legal purposes which can serve as the starting point for new sales opportunities. Our AI / ML technology continuously processes more data and observes human usage to refine our platform for increased efficiency and relevancy. 

Partner Channel Subscriptions Starting in 2022, we began offering multi-year agreements for Nebula based on usage tiers. With existing software solutions limited by any combination of expensive pricing models, limited features, and a lack of delivery options, we believe there is an under serviced population of buyers ranging from eDiscovery providers, law firms, corporations, to other organizations that can immediately benefit from Nebula. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenues arising from usage-based agreements comprised 89.9 and 90.7 of revenue, respectively, while subscription agreements comprised 10.1 and 9.3 of revenue, respectively. 
 
 Our clients 
 
 Our Legal Technology clients include both law firms and corporations serving many industry sectors including finance and banking, pharmaceutical and biotechnology, technology, insurance, and real estate. Our data recovery clients include corporations and individuals that need to recover and access data. 
 
 Our definition of a Legal Technology client includes each primary law firm and corporation to which we provided services in a litigation matter that we billed during the past two years. Since January 1, 2020, we provided services to more than 5,800 Legal Technology clients. As of December 31, 2022, our clients include 96 of the Am Law 100 and 50 of Fortune 500 companies. 
 
 We have longstanding relationships with our clients; the average length of our client relationship with the top 25 clients for the year ended December 31, 2022 is 15 years. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 we had one single customer that represented approximately six percent (6 of our consolidated revenues and one single customer that represented approximately six percent (6 of our consolidated accounts receivable and, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not have a single customer that represented more than five percent (5 or more of our consolidated revenues or accounts receivable. 
 
 Our key differentiators 
 
 A trusted partner for the most complex, mission critical legal matters and data needs 
 
 Through our decades of experience, we have built a reputation of technological excellence and first-call expertise for the most complex legal and data challenges worldwide. Our proven ability to perform the most difficult legal data reviews (such as antitrust second requests, joint defense, and large-scale M A matters) and help our clients through their most challenging moments (such as mitigating and navigating a ransomware event) has made us a critical partner for our clients. Our proprietary technology capabilities and ability to evolve with the needs of our clients results in better outcomes for their organizations. By building a reputation as a trusted legal solution provider, we have created a loyal client base that will allow us to drive future business opportunities and expand the reach of our offerings including Nebula. Our comprehensive offerings distinctly position us to navigate our dedicated client base through the technological transformation of the legal industry while serving as a critical partner for all their legal technology needs. 
 11 

Comprehensive technology solutions that expand beyond traditional eDiscovery use cases 
 
 As Nebula continues to expand further upstream within the EDRM, our technology is leveraged earlier in the data lifecycle, opening an attractive entry point for engaging our clients and moving them along the eDiscovery journey within our end-to-end Nebula platform. We believe our position as a one-stop platform that offers comprehensive solutions allows clients to contract with a single provider, avoiding frictions and risks in moving data and contracting multiple providers. Additionally, we are a global leader of data recovery services, supporting both small businesses and large enterprises with business server recoveries and backup tape restorations. Our proprietary incident response solutions enable our clients to recover from the deletion or destruction of data due to malicious or accidental incidents. The rapid proliferation of ransomware episodes faced by organizations worldwide validates the value of data today and how critical it is to retrieve. 
 
 Founder led, proven and experienced management team 
 
 Chris Weiler, our Chief Executive Officer, co-founded our Company in 2005 with a mission to support clients through their most complex and stressful legal and data challenges. As one of the longest-tenured CEOs in the global eDiscovery sector, he provides extensive industry expertise and relationships. Moreover we have a deep team of seasoned executives, including Dawn Wilson (Chief Financial Officer) and Danny Zambito (Chief Operating Officer), Daniel Balthaser (EVP of Engineering), Robert Hunter (EVP of Global IT and eDiscovery Operations), Krystina Jones (Chief Revenue Officer), Anthony DeJohn (EVP of Product, Design, and Data Science), Oscar Vega (EVP of Global Sales and Marketing), Andy Southam (General Counsel), Lindsey Hammond (SVP of Global Talent), and Dan Clarkin (SVP of Global Managed Review Services) who have collectively spent over 185 years in the legal and technology industries. Furthermore, our sales and software development executives have worked together over the past 15+ years and developed a seamless feedback loop to improve our technology in response to the changing needs of our clients. Together, our experienced and passionate team is committed to delivering best-in-class solutions and a superior user experience to our clients worldwide. 
 
 Expansive global footprint 
 
 Our geographic presence spans 25 locations in 16 countries. Our broad reach provides us with the ability to act as a first responder when clients have urgent work requiring immediate attention. In addition, our familiarity with local laws and regulations allows us to effectively assist clients in navigating complex, cross-border situations. 
 
 Highly qualified and experienced sales force 
 
 Our sales management team recruits and retains highly qualified and experienced sales team members, focusing on expertise, knowledge and tenure, prioritizing the quality of team members over the quantity. Our top 15 sales team professionals by revenue average 16 plus years of experience in the eDiscovery industry and averaged more than 14.8 million in revenue per person for the year ended December 31, 2022, while our entire sales organization had a revenue per person average of over 5.3 million for the same period. We rely on a team of value-add sales professionals to act as consultants for their clients across a wide array of offerings. In 2020, we effectively integrated our data recovery and legal technology sales teams to better offer the full KLDiscovery portfolio of technology and solutions to a wider base of existing clients. 
 
 Established track-record with scale and financial flexibility to fund investments 
 
 Our size and scale provide us with the financial flexibility to self-fund the development of our Nebula platform as we continue to advance new product features and enhancements. We possess a unique combination of industry-leading scale, with our loyal client base of more than 5,800 Legal Technology clients and with offices in 16 different countries as of December 31, 2022, and financial flexibility. We have a strong track record of funding our growth expansion in a disciplined manner, and we believe our robust financial profile affords us the continued financial flexibility to do so. 
 
 12 
 
 Our growth strategy 
 
 Building on the many strengths of our existing business and strategy, we are focused on continuing to enhance our proprietary solutions, expand our ecosystem, and extend our reach to capitalize on our large and growing market opportunity. 
 
 Extend our technology leadership with continued innovation and platform expansion . We have successfully built a strong technology platform based on years of research and feedback from our clients and strive to further invest in research and development to maintain our track record of innovation. We plan to drive growth by expanding the functionality of our current platform, including the Nebula ecosystem, and broaden the range of products we offer. In addition, we will continue working to be an industry leader for ease of client experience through seamless integration with clients back-office functions. We will also seek to capitalize on our highly transparent pricing to capture mission-critical, high value, and long-term revenue opportunities. As we continue to innovate and increase our value proposition and address clients challenges within eDiscovery, information governance, and data recovery, we believe we will strengthen the breadth of our premium product offerings, increase penetration of existing clients, and grow our addressable market. 

Continue to increase adoption of Nebula on a global scale. Our large and deep-rooted client relationships on a global basis provide a loyal base to expand adoption of Nebula, in addition to new service providers, law firms, and corporations. As we continue to innovate and improve Nebula s offerings, we plan to gradually transition our clients who rely on third-party software onto our proprietary Nebula platform. For these clients who may use a different eDiscovery platform, we believe we can increase Nebula adoption by introducing and educating these clients to the advantages of our proprietary and differentiated platform. With new functionalities continuing to be released in 2023 and beyond, such as granular document-level permissions and enhanced analytics, we believe Nebula will further differentiate itself versus offerings from other providers, thus allowing us to capture a larger total addressable market within eDiscovery. 

Grow our client base and drive incremental penetration within existing clients . With the increased adoption of technological solutions within the legal industry and more organizations opting for functional solutions like those we offer, we see significant client growth potential for our business. We will continue to drive brand awareness on the robust functionalities, ease of use, and high degree of customizability of our offerings, in order to accelerate the growth of new clients. We believe that Nebula, our differentiated end-to-end offering that spans the eDiscovery lifecycle, positions us to up- and cross-sell additional products to existing clients seeking to reap the full benefits of our comprehensive product suite. We believe our release of new products, tools, add-ons, and features has increased the value we provide to our clients, and our growing product capabilities will continue to attract new and maintain existing clients. 

Build partner channels . In 2022, we began to build our partner channel by selling subscriptions for Nebula, and as of December 31, 2022 we had seven partners in our partner channel. These agreements generally have a minimum one-year commitment and our goal is to have a two-year average commitment across our entire partner channel. We will leverage and broaden our partnerships with other eDiscovery providers, law firms, corporations, consulting firms and other organizations to drive growth and bring innovation to the global legal community. Nebula s comprehensive capabilities and competitive pricing will allow us to target multiple partner market segments, spanning those seeking a single one-stop-shop solution to those who may require a point solution to process and triage small data volumes in-house for loading to other applications. The subscriptions are generally based on usage tiers and offer all of our technology for the client s use, with the option to pay extra for services. By building a partner channel for Nebula, we are able to generate revenue opportunities from a brand-new population of buyers and further increase industry awareness and utilization of Nebula. 

Expand and strengthen sales force coverage . We continue to recruit, attract and retain top sales professionals to capture untapped clients and we intend to hire more sales professionals to drive growth. We pride ourselves in our high-quality and globally integrated salesforce and their ability to 

13 
 
 bring in significant revenue. They are cross trained across our product suite so they can sell our comprehensive offerings to new and existing clients. 

Further our presence in international markets. The eDiscovery market is global, and we continue to invest to increase our market share worldwide. We already have an established presence in 16 countries with qualified sales reps and client support. Internationally, our flexible delivery models (such as Microsoft Azure and Nebula Enterprise) enable us to more easily penetrate new markets and better adapt to the varied and unique data handling requirements and regulations that our clients face across different geographies. 

Pursue opportunistic strategic acquisitions. We continue to seek acquisitions that will expand the depth and breadth of our product offerings and make us the provider of choice for existing and new clients. With our strong leadership and demonstrated success of our platform, we believe we will be able to attract strong acquisition targets going forward. Our past acquisitions demonstrate our management s ability to effectively source, execute, and integrate acquisitions into our existing and growing platform. We plan to continue to opportunistically pursue our acquisition strategy to continue to provide more comprehensive offerings for the highly fragmented eDiscovery and information governance industries. 

Our products and technology 
 
 We have developed an array of integrated technologies and offerings that allows us to provide exceptional value to our clients. 
 
 eDiscovery 
 
 Nebula 
 
 Nebula epitomizes the modern, cloud-native application boasting the latest in AI / ML. Our award-winning software development and data science teams have incorporated best-of-breed technologies ranging from our own patented AI / ML technology to cutting-edge public cloud machine learning suites throughout Nebula to enhance efficiencies, streamline user experiences, and drive results. 
 
 Nebula can be delivered across numerous delivery vehicles, allowing the technology to be viable for virtually any use-case. 
 
 Hosted in Microsoft Azure Nebula maximizes the scalability, resiliency, and performance benefits of the Microsoft Azure cloud platform, delivering a powerful and fully optimized SaaS solution. Nebula is currently available via Azure with a wide regional diversity to address data sovereignty considerations across the globe. Clients with cloud-first strategies, or those with in-region mandates, will easily satisfy those requirements by utilizing the Nebula global cloud footprint. Further, we are always expanding Nebula s global reach with multiple new regions added each year. 

As with all Nebula deployments, security and compliance are top requirements. Microsoft Azure supports compliance with a broad set of industry-specific laws and meets comprehensive international standards. For example, Azure has ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27018, ISO 22301, ISO 9001 certifications, PCI DSS Level 1 validation, SOC 1 Type 2 and SOC 2 Type 2 attestations, HIPAA Business Associate Agreement, and HITRUST certification. Operated and maintained globally, Microsoft Azure is regularly and independently verified for compliance with industry and international standards and provides clients the foundation to achieve compliance for their applications. 
 Hosted in Nebula data centers Nebula is also hosted in seven countries strategically positioned globally. We continually invest in our overall infrastructure. Running the same code as our other deployment models, our hosted SaaS deployments boast the same highly efficient, containerized, auto-scaling capabilities as do our cloud deployments. All our deployments are built for high availability, strong uptime, and robust disaster recovery and business continuity in the event of major disruptions. We maintain a global security governance program designed to meet current best-in-class security practices. Nebula s infrastructure is regularly audited to maintain ISO 27001 certification. In addition, 

14 
 
 our data centers in North America are audited for SOC II compliance. Both audits assess the security standards, procedures, controls, and related practices deployed throughout our global operations. We believe Nebula provides the highest levels of performance, data protection, and fault tolerance, and unparalleled disaster recovery capabilities. 

Portable appliance Nebula Portable is an encrypted device that is the size of a carry-on suitcase that functions as an entirely private and isolated Nebula instance. As with all our applications, security is of the utmost importance providing clients with an elegant air-gapped solution for needs including data privacy, fraud investigations, cross-border litigation, and reviewing highly sensitive data. 

Enterprise appliance Though Nebula, we are expanding availability of a rack-mounted solution to accommodate the geographic and data control needs of our clients. Nebula Enterprise brings the power, flexibility, and enhanced feature set of Nebula to clients data centers in a plug-and-play expandable appliance designed to address a myriad of security and compliance considerations. The capacity of our enterprise models ranges from a five terabyte model designed for corporations or law-firms seeking a small scale, low maintenance, in-house eDiscovery capability solution up to a 100 terabyte model for a large eDiscovery vendor s entire technology stack. 

o Reliability Designed for long-term installation with minimal maintenance, Nebula Enterprise is self-healing, meaning the system can automatically restore normal operations in the event of hardware failure. Administrators are notified when an element requires replacement, and maintenance can be scheduled while maintaining functionality in the interim. 

o Scalability With different sizes available to meet client needs, this enterprise-grade hardware solution is offered as an annual subscription. In addition, Nebula Enterprise s storage can be expanded to larger tiers as a client s organization grows. 

o Comprehensive dashboard An integrated dashboard allows client s IT staff to control and configure the system. In the event additional assistance is needed, secure remote support can be authorized through the dashboard. 

o Scheduled Nebula updates Nebula Enterprise subscribers receive complete Nebula upgrades, with the flexibility to schedule updates at a convenient time or manually initiate installations. Enterprise software is on the same release schedule as the other delivery models, so clients data is never stranded in any one delivery model. 

Nebula includes an array of tools and features including: 
 
 Email Threading Determines the relationship between email messages and identifies the most content-inclusive messages to avoid redundant review. 

Near-Duplicate Detection Identifies, groups, and highlights data with focus on subtle differences to enable quicker review. 

Language Identification Automatically identifies the primary language of documents in a dataset. 

KLD Translations Leverages advanced machine translation based on the current gold standard in translation AI, neural networks, to get accurate and reliable translations of documents written in many of the most common languages used across the globe. A fast and cost-saving alternative to human multi-lingual review. 

Native Spreadsheet Redaction Allows reviewers to redact content from within Excel files without the need to convert to TIFF images. Options for redactions include removing cells, rows, columns, worksheets, formulas, images, and more. Pristine copies of the original file are always maintained. 

A/V Suite Winner of Innovation Awards for Best Service Provider Solution and People s Choice, A/V Suite simplifies the review of multimedia files. A/V suite allows users to visualize audio files and have total playback control in addition to providing the ability to quickly redact and produce audio files something no other review platform can provide. 

15 
 
 Auto Redaction Protect sensitive information and streamline the redaction process with an automated approach. Greatly reduce the burden of redacting documents by automatically finding and redacting personally identifiable information or any other category of sensitive information. 

PrivLog Builder PrivLog Builder, or PLB, is an integrated suite of tools with advanced functionality to build privilege logs effectively and accurately. With automated privilege log features, name standardization and full compatibility with the most popular review platforms, PLB makes a daunting and costly process easier and significantly less expensive. 

Nebula Archive 
 
 Nebula Archive provides a critical foundation to any information governance program. It captures data as it is created in dozens of platforms, such as Office 365, Slack, Box, and more. It provides the means to effectively classify and manage that data over the course of its lifecycle, including reliably preserving data subject to legal hold. It offers excellent data assurance against loss or alteration via a separate, secure copy of critical business data. It also enhances data with the ability to search and effectively retrieve targeted results, even from petabytes of source data. Lastly, it reliably and defensibly disposes of data no longer required to be retained for any business or regulatory compliance purpose. 
 
 Nebula Archive provides an alternative and/or enhancement to traditional backup solutions, particularly in the cloud era when many SaaS productivity platforms lack effective recovery means in response to inadvertent data loss, alteration, or ransomware attacks. Nebula Archive offers a platform that is designed to satisfy strict retention and data assurance regulations, such as those of FINRA and the SEC governing broker-dealer communications. In addition, it is the foundation of a cost-effective eDiscovery strategy, permitting what we believe is unprecedented insight into data very early in a case and a highly effective means of selecting the most relevant data for quick and easy promotion within the Nebula platform. 
 
 KLD AI and review automation 
 
 To support our review platforms, we offer cutting-edge tools for our users that enhances productivity and efficiency for eDiscovery. 
 
 Machine Learning Our supervised machine learning, known as Predictive Coding in the legal industry, supports multiple workflows and methodologies and helps prioritize essential documents for review. As a result, we can automate the classification of electronic data, drastically reducing the time required for legal review and creating significant cost savings. Our predictive coding technology gets smarter with every document reviewed and supports proven statistical methodologies to create defensible workflows. In addition, we offer Predictive Coding in multiple ways including TAR 1.0 or Simple Active Learning and TAR 2.0 or Continuous Active Learning, which provides flexibility and optionality for our clients. 

Automated Workflow Our workflow engine automates the routing and distribution of documents to streamline document review and maximize accuracy and defensibility a key component of our bespoke document review offering. Workflow eliminates the need to maintain static batch sets and manually transition records to different review teams. Instead, documents flow automatically through completely customizable paths based on an endless number of potential criteria: foreign-language documents to native speakers; privileged documents to senior attorneys; random samples of reviewed documents to quality control teams; and so on. Since documents cannot move on without meeting defined criteria, an additional layer of quality control is built in. Workflow works hand-in-hand with Predictive Coding to make the review even more efficient. 

Workflow Reporting Suite For large, complex document review projects, monitoring reviewer productivity and accuracy is paramount to achieving cost efficiency and accuracy. Workflow reporting suite is exclusively available in Nebula and provides dynamic, on-demand information on the progress, productivity, and tagging trends for document review projects run within the Workflow system. 

Natural Language Processing Also exclusive to Nebula, powerful language-based AI enables users to gain meaningful insights into their data. For example, it can visually locate and search for 

16 
 
 documents about named entities, such as locations, events, and key people, with the added ability to filter for documents containing critical language by analyzing the author s sentiment. 

Nebula s entity extraction engine is trained to recognize eight distinct categories of real-world entities, then visually cluster documents referencing the same entities. This approach, based on semantic understanding rather than simple word frequency, provides enhanced insight into the data, allowing users to isolate and retrieve relevant information or filter non-relevant material quickly. Nebula can also uncover topics that might otherwise go unnoticed, giving legal teams an advantage. 
 
 Nebula s sentiment analysis tools analyze tone at both the document and sentence levels. At its core, sentiment analysis applies Natural Language Processing techniques and computational linguistics to derive emotional attributes from text content. By leveraging sentiment analysis, users can better understand how communications are perceived and help discern the author s tone and intent. This gives Nebula users an edge in contexts where more than just the words themselves matter, as in, for example, matters related to workplace harassment. Companies can use this feature to learn the tone of their employees to help determine if communications are positive, negative, or neutral, and help understand the behaviors and communication styles of employees and clients to identify trends and identify bad actors. 
 
 Processing 
 
 Our proprietary technology is purpose-built to address large and complex matters as easily and efficiently as it does the small and simple ones. With full integration in the Nebula ecosystem, our Processing technology allows us to address diverse needs on a massive, global scale. 
 
 We believe Nebula Processing allows us to process data with a higher degree of quality and, due to the lack of third-party licensing costs, at a lower cost point, as compared to providers relying exclusively on licensed technology. For organizations licensing Nebula for their eDiscovery needs providers, law firms, and corporations alike they reap the benefits of a mature processing technology that can not only be used at any scale and for any data set, but is also fully integrated and does not require any of the wrappers or clunky export/ import processes that come with licensing disparate third-party solutions. 
 
 Professional services 
 
 Leveraging our industry expertise and focus on delivering differentiated user experience, we complement our offerings with a suite of technology-enabled services. 
 
 Technology Enabled Managed Review Services We can provide staffing and expertise necessary to review large and complex data sets with a high degree of accuracy and efficiency to suit any and all cases. Our Managed Review Solutions are powered by our suite of proprietary technology, led by our AI and workflow accelerators that lead to a faster, more accurate, and most cost-effective review. 

Digital Forensics Services Specializes in computer forensics, including collections and analysis, through in-person and remote locations. 

Information Archiving Services Offers information preservation for long-term access and enhancing access to large volumes of information through scalable, enterprise-grade storage solutions. 

Advisory Services Our team of experts provides unique perspectives and insights derived from extensive legal and regulatory knowledge, deep technical expertise, and real-world experience. Spanning all aspects of discovery and data management, our professional guidance is a complementary service to existing KLD solutions and critical for us in winning very large mandates that require astute client-focused expertise. Solutions offered encompass: eDiscovery readiness and response solutions, including eDiscovery expert witness, custodian interviews, preservation and collection strategy, legal hold solution; information governance solutions comprising Office 365 health check and legal hold process improvement; and data privacy solutions, including privacy compliance assessment and data breach risk mitigation. 

17 
 
 Client Portal 
 
 The Client Portal is a secure, web-based platform offered by KLDiscovery that provides clients with access to their data and case information. It offers real-time visibility and updates on project status, as well as the ability to collaborate and share information with other stakeholders. The Client Portal is designed to streamline communication and increase efficiency throughout the discovery process. With its user-friendly interface and robust security features, the Client Portal is a valuable tool for organizations in need of a centralized platform for managing their discovery and litigation support needs. 
 
 Data recovery 
 
 Ontrack EasyRecovery 
 
 Developed through our partnership with one of the world s leading data recovery software manufacturers, Ontrack EasyRecovery allows clients to perform precise file recovery of data lost through deletion, reformatting, and a number of other data loss scenarios. The product recovers data from solid-state drives and conventional hard drives, memory cards, USB hard drives, flash drives, and optical media. The product functions on both Windows and Mac operating systems and comes in several different versions, covering needs ranging from a small, one-time recovery to the most complex projects. There is a free version that is capable of recovering up to 1 GB of data, a Home version for straightforward recoveries, a Professional version suitable for small to medium businesses, and a Technician version that includes the tools needed to successfully perform data recoveries on all types of computer storage devices and rebuild broken RAID volumes. 
 
 Ontrack PowerControls 
 
 We believe Ontrack PowerControls is a market leading granular restore software product, developed from Ontrack s expertise in data recovery. Ontrack PowerControls is used to find and export email, SharePoint items and structured query language tables for eDiscovery, litigation, investigations, compliance, selective migration, develop and test, and general restore use cases for IT. 
 
 We believe Ontrack PowerControls provides a more powerful and faster search tool than native tools, and, most importantly for legal and compliance use cases, it does not alter the metadata, making it forensically sound. Most enterprise backup platforms do not have granular restore capabilities, so they collaborate with Ontrack and integrate Ontrack PowerControls with their products. 
 
 We are currently licensing Ontrack PowerControls globally to more than 200 organizations, and to over 800 channel partners for distribution to their customers. 
 
 Ransomware recovery 
 
 Ransomware is a form of malicious software designed to block access to a computer system or certain data or publishes a victim s data online. The attacker demands a ransom from the victim, promising not always truthfully to restore access to the data upon payment. When organizations are struck with ransomware, and crucial data cannot be accessed, it can be an extremely stressful time for all involved. Getting access to that critical data as quickly as possible is vital to ensure downtime is minimized and the organization can get back to normal. 
 
 The last decade has seen an increase of various ransomware Trojans surface, but the real opportunity for attackers has increased since the introduction of Bitcoin. This and other cryptocurrencies allow attackers to easily collect money from their victims without going through traditional channels. 
 
 No vertical is safe from the effects of ransomware. Unfortunately, some are more susceptible to successful attacks than others. There are various reasons for this: the technology they deploy, the security they have in place; identity governance and privilege maturity, and their overall cybersecurity protocols. And human error will always pose its own risks. 
 
 18 
 
 We continually track over 360 different types of ransomware, a population that is always evolving and growing. Ransomware changes and develops all of the time, so we want to make sure we are watching and studying the latest changes and advancements. Studying ransomware and its ever-changing forms provides additional knowledge and experience, leading to a higher probability that we will recover data that has been lost as a result of an attack. 
 
 Email extraction 
 
 We offer professional email recovery solutions for consumers and businesses alike. From individual files to entire databases, we maintain the expertise and technology to support practically any use case. The success of email recovery depends on where the email is stored. Email software, such as Microsoft Outlook, commonly stores email on hardware like a laptop, desktop, mobile phone, tablet, or server. We can easily recover email from both functioning and non-functioning hardware. Additionally, our recovery engineers are experienced in recovering enterprise email no matter how it is stored on a client s server, whether it is inside a database, a Microsoft Exchange Information Store or individual messages in separate files, such as .pst containers. 
 
 Tape Solutions 
 
 We provide a range of tape services to solve the problems associated with legacy backup tapes and regularly support our clients to solve the following challenges: 
 
 backup infrastructure migration and consolidation; 

legacy tape and data remediation; 

recovery from physically-damaged tapes; and 

recovery from quickly-erased or partially-overwritten tapes. 

Data destruction solutions 
 
 Permanently deleting data is not as straightforward as pressing the delete button it takes time and proper resources. Data that is not completely expunged before the media is disposed of is vulnerable to exposure. To increase the security of data, a secure, verified data destruction process is required. Based on their knowledge, our data experts seek to select and execute the most appropriate data destruction method for the client s media. Once the data has been destroyed, we provide a certificate of destruction and disposal. 
 
 We support our clients throughout the whole data destruction process by offering data destruction solutions in our labs or onsite using Blancco Erasing Software or our Ontrack Degausser. For clients who want to handle the data destruction process themselves, we sell these products to the client and advise them how to best use them. 
 
 Sales 
 
 We operate with a global sales team that was integrated in 2020 across our offerings to address the specialized needs of our client base and cultivate strategic partnerships with key clients in our industry. As of December 31, 2022, our sales organization comprised of 61 professionals and is led by our sales executives and regional managers. Our business development managers have developed first-call relationships with several of our largest clients while providing significant expertise in the technical nature of the services. 
 
 Our global sales structure is tailored to deliver quick responses on pricing, account ownership requests, and general assistance with client requests and training. This structure is built on our foundational values of teamwork and responsiveness. Our global sales force pursues opportunities in a wide range of geographies and is not confined by the traditional territorial structure that competitors offer. This allows us to maximize relationships and revenue. 
 19 

Sales leadership encourages representatives around the world to collaborate. A global sales strategy initiative has been implemented to facilitate communication between teams on shared major accounts, which includes the coordination of regular calls and information sharing on key accounts. Most law firms have multiple buyers, and this model maximizes our ability to increase penetration. 
 
 Sales executives are encouraged to act as their own entrepreneurs, backed by the support of seasoned sales leadership and a global sales operations team. The sales operations team assists the sales team with all client requests including conflict checks, Salesforce data entry, estimate creation, and generation of client agreements and work orders. This global support team allows the sales representatives to focus on what they do best generating new business and maintaining existing client relationships. Our global sales structure and sales operations teams deliver quick responses to representatives and clients, flexible pricing models, and simplified matter initiation, giving us a competitive advantage in a fast-paced industry. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 We focus on connecting with our clients through our marketing team. Our marketing campaigns are developed internally and are focused on our mantra, the KLD Difference. One KLD. and our Proprietary Powerhouse technology. We advertise in a wide variety of trade publications and at sports and entertainment events. We also sponsor a variety of events, seminars, and conferences around the world . We operate 38 global websites, wh ich highlight our leadership, products, services, technology, industry experience, press clippings, and our community contributions. Holding true to our values, we are heavily focused on charitable donations and community work, which are highlighted on our KLD Community website page. We also have several video advertising campaigns which are shared via YouTube, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Additionally, we own the ediscovery.com domain and believe that a continued emphasis on strategic digital marketing and search engine optimization helps KLDiscovery capture significant internet search results on eDiscovery. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, testing, and scaling of our proprietary technology infrastructure. We believe that our continued investment in research and development, including hiring top engineering talent, is critical for us to provide a leading and differentiated ecosystem that can tackle the industry s most complex data problems. Additionally, our application development process is informed by the continuous feedback we receive from our own service providers, as well as long-term clients who are looking for a better and more secure solution. 
 
 Our research and development team is based across the United States and European Union, primarily in Minnesota and Poland, with an expanding presence in Greece. As of December 31, 2022, we had 172 employees in our research and development department. 
 
 Our competition 
 
 We believe the eDiscovery and information governance market is bifurcated, highly fragmented, competitive, and evolving. We encounter competition from different software and service providers with various business model and product offerings that overlap with parts of our solutions, including: 
 
 Software providers 

o Legacy on-premise software Providers such as Nuix, Open Text, Relativity, RELX and Thomson Reuters, as well as many other smaller software companies. 

o Cloud software Providers such as Everlaw, Logikcull, Relativity through its RelativityOne product offering, and Reveal Data Corporation, as well as many other smaller software companies. CS DISCO, another cloud-native software provider, is also offering a mix of software and human professional services. 

20 
 
 Service providers 

o Legal services Providers such as Consilio, Epiq Systems, FTI Consulting, the legal services divisions of large professional services firms such as Deloitte, Ernst and Young, KPMG, and PricewaterhouseCoopers, as well as an array of smaller regional and local legal services providers. Certain law firms also provide in-house eDiscovery solutions and legal document review services to their clients that may compete with our solutions. 

We believe the principal competitive factors in this industry include: 
 
 breadth of offering; 

client service and support; 

level of client satisfaction 

solution features and capabilities; 

flexibility of solution deployment; 

ease of access, deployment, implementation, and use; 

breadth of geographic coverage; 

accuracy, quality and depth of services offered; 

quality and use of technology; 

cost and predictability of costs; 

security; and 

client relationships and brand loyalty. 

There are many small regional eDiscovery providers which may have a few captive relationships but lack the resources or scale to compete for meaningful work. Likewise, most of the global and national providers lack a comprehensive proprietary platform to complement their scale and resources. We believe we are distinctly positioned with an ideal complement of global reach, scale of resources, and proprietary technology to address almost any client need. 
 
 Additionally, we serve the data recovery market, which is highly fragmented and generally competitive. Clients choose vendors based on brand awareness and reputation, speed, price, and security. Our competitors in the data recovery market include Drivesavers, Gillware Data Recovery, Stellar Data Recovery, Disk Doctors, Digital Data Recovery DDC, and Myung Information Technologies. 
 
 We also compete in the legal hold market with companies such as Exterro, OpenText, ZApproved, and Zylab. 
 
 Intellectual property 
 
 We own a range of issued, registered and applied for intellectual property rights across the world, primarily trademarks and patents. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 15 8 trademark registrations globally and had 44 trademark applications a t various stages in the application process. Our material trademarks are either registered or are the subject of pending applications for registrations in the U.S. Patent and Trademark office and various non-U.S. jurisdictions (but with a focus on the European Union, the United Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, Japan, Australia, China, Singapore and Hong Kong). We use KLDiscovery , Ontrack , and Ibas as our primary corporate trademarks. The trademark KLDiscovery has proceeded to registration in Australia, China, Brazil, the European Union, Hong Kong, Japan, India, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Additionally, we have applied to register Nebula, the brand name for 
 21 
 
 our proprietary eDiscovery platform, in our key markets and, to date, applications have proceeded to registration in the United States, Japan, the European Union, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Switzerland, and Brazil. 
 
 We use Kroll Ontrack and KrolLDiscovery subject to a license from Kroll, LLC. In October 2021, we executed an agreement with Kroll, LLC, which amended the existing trademark license agreement, and provided that our rights to use the Kroll Ontrack and KrolLDiscovery trade names will expire on October 29, 2023. Part of the terms of the amended trademark license are that the licensed marks will be withdrawn and/or cancelled upon our instructions and Kroll, LLC will be prevented from using and/or registering the same or similar marks. This agreement was a triggering event which resulted in an evaluation of impairment of our Kroll Ontrack and KrolLDiscovery tradenames capitalized as part of our 2016 Kroll Ontrack acquisition. See Note 1 Organization, business and summary of significant accounting policies to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We are the registered owner of 573 domain names including our key domains used to promote our activities, namely: kldiscovery.com, ontrack.com, compiled.com, and ibas.com (along with many local variants of these main domain names). We are also the registered owner of ediscovery.com, which we believe helps capture significant internet traffic. Information contained on these websites or linked therein or otherwise connected thereto does not constitute part of nor is it incorporated by reference into thi s Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the inclusion of these website addresses is an inactive textual reference only. 
 
 We own the copyright of many of our business software and tools as they have been created by employees in the course of their employment. These include the Nebula and EDR platforms, the PMDB Database (internal job tracking tool), Service Cloud (data recovery portal), PowerControls, and the various Relativity applications to enhance the license of standard Relativity platform services. 
 
 We have 18 patent registrations, including granted patents for our Nebula offering. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,434 employees. This total includes 1,163 regular employees and 1,271 temporary contingent employees who are employed on a project basis to work on active managed review matters. Our employees are not represented by a labor union, and we have not experienced any work stoppages. We believe employee relations are good. 
 
 The skills, experience, and industry knowledge of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. We continuously evaluate, modify, and enhance our internal processes and technologies to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. 
 
 We strive to hire employees who adhere to the following cultural values: 
 Team We beat with one heart and succeed by working together 

Humility No one person is above the team. Our company, clients, and teammates come before personal agenda 

Availability and connectivity Responsiveness and efficient communication are key 

Frugality Smart spending leads to greater return on investment 

Creativity We think outside the box and always try to improve process 

Urgency and Productivity Every day is an opportunity to work smarter, faster, and harder 

Vigilance (courage / honesty) Management must value and be responsive to employee and client feedback, competitive information, and well-designed process improvement 

Singular Focus Laser focus on performing your job to the best of your ability 

Recruiting We hire smart, hungry and humble employees 

Client focus Clients are our lifeline, and their satisfaction is our #1 priority 

22 

Annual employee training is used to reinforce these values across our global employee base. These trainings cover topics related to ethics, environment, health and safety, cyber-security, and emergency responses. 
 
 We believe that an inclusive culture where all employees feel valued and engaged makes KLDiscovery a desirable place to work, helps us to attract key talent and retain employees as they grow in their careers and fosters an environment that enhances each individual s productivity and professional satisfaction. KLDiscovery has an Inclusion Diversity program focused on commitment to inclusion and diversity through our Culture Environment, Business Technology, and Community Partnerships. The program includes employee-led Business Resource Groups dedicated to promoting and integrating inclusion and diversity throughout the organization. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, not including contingent employees who were employed temporarily to work on active managed review matters, our employees, including those employed by region, were located as follows: 

Region 
 Percentage 

North America 
 67 

Europe, Middle East, and Africa 
 29 

Asia Pacific 
 4 

In order to comply with local employee-related laws, we do not require our employees to disclose their race and ethnicity. As of December 31, 2022, based on self-reported information of approximately 66 of our U.S. based employees, and not including contingent employees who were employed temporarily to work on active managed review matters, our gender and ethnicity demographics were as follows: 

Gender 
 Employee Percentage 

Female 
 33 

Male 
 67 

Ethnicity 
 Employee Percentage 

Asian 
 8.7 

Black / African American 
 5.3 

Hispanic / Latin 
 6.5 

Multiracial, Native American and Pacific Islander 
 3.4 

White 
 76.0 

Government regulation 
 
 We collect, store, transmit, use, disclose and otherwise process, which we refer to herein as Process or Processing, data that was collected from and about persons or their devices, including personal information, which is defined broadly by relevant privacy and cybersecurity laws, and other regulated or confidential client data. In addition to terms in our contractual arrangements with clients, there are numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and directives regarding privacy and the Processing and protection of such personal information and client data, the scope of which is continually evolving and subject to differing interpretations. We and our clients must comply with such laws, regulations and directives and we and our clients may be subject to significant consequences, including penalties and fines, for our failure to comply. 
 
 For example, on May 25, 2018, GDPR replaced the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC with respect to the Processing of personal information in the European Union. The GDPR imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal information (including non-E.U. processors who Process personal data on behalf of E.U. controllers), including, for example, more robust internal accountability controls, a strengthened individual data rights regime, shortened timelines for mandatory data breach notifications, limitations on retention and secondary use of information and additional obligations when we contract with third parties in connection with the Processing of personal information. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the applicable 
 23 
 
 national data protection laws of the E.U. member states may result in fines of up to 20 million or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. Complying with the GDPR has required us to implement additional internal processes to seek to ensure that we Process personal information in a compliant way and we have regularly re-drafted all our standard contracts to meet specific articles within the GDPR and new interpretations of the GDPR. As we continue to operate under the GDPR, compliance may become onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In addition, following Brexit (the process by which the United Kingdom left the European Union), the United Kingdom enacted the Data Protection Act 2018, which implemented legislation similar to the GDPR, referred to as the UK GDPR, which provides for fines of up to the greater of 17.5 million (sterling) or 4 of global turnover. 
 
 Furthermore, recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers of information from the EEA to the United States. For example, on July 16, 2020, the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, which allowed for the transfer of personal data from the US to the EU, was invalidated by the European Court of Justice, or CJEU, and this was followed on September 8, 2020 by the invalidation of the equivalent Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework. Three of our group companies were accredited under the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to legitimize the transfer of personal data from the EEA to the United States. Although the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal information transfer mechanism) upon which we rely for intra group transfers of personal information (and which is the most widely used transfer mechanism by our clients), it made clear that use of the standard contractual clauses must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals. Additionally, the European Data Protection Board (assigned by the European Commission to oversee data privacy in the EU) has issued guidance concerning data transfers following these CJEU decisions which places a higher burden on compliance for data transfers. The European Union has re-issued the standard contractual clauses which must be used for all new personal data transfers after September 27, 2021 (with the sunset date for existing personal data transfers expiring on December 27, 2022 meaning that any existing personal data transfers were subject to the new standard contractual clauses by this date). The European Commission has just announced a new Data Privacy Framework with the United States, and this may eventually replace the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. 
 
 The United Kingdom s exit from the European Union has also imposed different requirements on personal data transfers with the introduction of the International Data Transfer Agreement and the Addendum to the E.U. standard contractual clauses in March 2022. Given these legal developments and the United Kingdom's potential long-term divergence from E.U. law, long-term validity of United Kingdom data protection measures remains uncertain, and we could be impacted by changes in law, including any future review of transfer mechanisms by the European courts or any supervisory authorities, which could require us to undertake substantial additional review of agreements on a going forward basis. If further legal bases for transferring personal information from Europe (or even the United Kingdom) to the United States are invalidated, or if we are unable to transfer personal information between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our solutions or could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 The California Consumer Protection Act, or CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020, introduced the most stringent data privacy laws in the United States to date, though several other states have passed or are in the process of passing laws and regulations governing privacy of their residents. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California residents and affords such residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information and certain opt-out rights for sales of personal information. The CCPA includes a private right of action for certain data breaches, with potential for severe statutory damages. In November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or the CPRA. The CPRA further expands the CCPA, imposing additional data privacy compliance requirements that may impact our business, and establishing a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. In addition, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, creating the second comprehensive U.S. state privacy law, which took effect on January 1, 2023, and Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act, which will go into effect partially on July 1, 2023; both laws are substantively similar to the CCPA and the CPRA in many respects, but also include their 
 24 
 
 own unique compliance requirements. Certain aspects of the interpretation and enforcement of these laws remain uncertain as regulating bodies in these jurisdictions continue to work out applicability and scope of the laws and regulations. Comprehensive privacy laws have also been proposed in several other states and at the federal level. The effects of such laws could be significant and may require us to modify our data Processing practices and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. Additionally, many laws and regulations relating to privacy and the Processing and protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of enforcement and new and changing interpretations by courts. Companies like ours that operate on a national and international scale are responsible for monitoring and complying with the patchwork of state requirements in the United States as well as other jurisdictions worldwide. 
 
 Furthermore, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or make effective modifications to our policies, or to comply with any federal, state or international privacy, data-retention or data-protection-related laws, regulations, orders or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others (including clients), a loss of client confidence, damage to our brand and reputation or a loss of clients, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, various federal, state, and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data retention and data-protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which could adversely impact our business, our brand or our reputation with clients. For example, some countries have adopted laws mandating that personal information regarding clients in their country be maintained solely in their country. Having to maintain local data centers and redesign product, service, and business operations to limit personal information Processing to within individual countries could increase our operating costs significantly and require that we establish a physical presence in a country or region where we otherwise may not have opened any facilities. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with some of our product initiatives, we expect that our clients may increasingly use our cloud services to Process personal information and other regulated data. While we include privacy or information security obligations in our contracts, new jurisdictional legal requirements, in particular those from the E.U., may make it so that we will be unable to do business without more stringent obligations. Any failure by us to timely amend client contracts to conform to changing data protection laws, or to comply with our posted privacy policies, other federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations, or the privacy or information security commitments contained in our contracts could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, including individual rights of action, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the increased attention focused upon any liability we may have as a result of lawsuits or regulatory actions could also harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Furthermore, although we market and sell products to our clients to help them comply with federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and directives, including the GDPR, our clients are responsible for ensuring they are in compliance with such laws, regulations and directives. Any failure by our clients to comply could result in significant consequences to them, including penalties and fines, and despite the existence of contractual exclusions and marketing disclaimers which make their responsibility for their own compliance clear, our clients may file claims or seek indemnification from us, which may result in reputational harm and require us to expend time, effort and costs to defend such claims or respond to indemnification requests. Our standard terms of business include caps on liability, where legally permitted, but these may be challenged by clients and disapplied by a court in any judgment against the Company. 
 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocacy and industry groups or other third parties may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to our clients or us. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, directives or industry practices regarding the Processing of our clients data, or regarding the manner in which the legal basis for Processing, such as express or implied consent of clients for the Processing of such data, is obtained, could require us to modify our solutions and features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new solutions and features that make use of the data that our clients voluntarily share with us. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to clients or other third parties or our privacy-related legal obligations or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized access to, use, release or transfer of personal information or other client data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, negative media attention or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our clients to lose trust in us, which would have an adverse 
 25 
 
 effect on our reputation and business. Our clients may also accidentally disclose their passwords or store them on a mobile device that may be lost or stolen, resulting in unauthorized access to their data and creating the perception that our systems are not secure against third-party access. Additionally, if employees or third parties that we work with, such as contractors, vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put our clients information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We have expanded our involvement in the delivery and provision of cloud computing through business alliances with various providers of cloud computing services and software and expect to continue to do so in the future. The application of U.S. and international data privacy laws to cloud computing vendors is uncertain, and our existing contractual provisions may prove to be inadequate to protect us from claims for data loss or regulatory noncompliance made against us resulting from the failures of cloud computing providers which we may partner with. While we do seek to limit our liability for such claims in our contractual agreements with clients, the failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations by our business partners who provide cloud computing services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cloud computing providers typically do not offer terms that match the commercial terms sought by our clients. We will need to modify our procurement processes in response to changing client and regulatory demands. 
 
 Corporate information 
 
 The mailing address of our principal executive office is 9023 Columbine Road, Eden Prairie, MN 55347 and the telephone number is (703) 288-3380. Our website address is www.kldiscovery.com. Information contained on our website or linked therein or otherwise connected thereto does not constitute part of nor is it incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our SEC filings are also available free of charge on our website at www.kldiscovery.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 Implications of being an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined under Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These include: 
 
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; 

exemption from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments; and 

exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period set forth in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have elected to take advantage of the extended transition period and, as a result, we are not subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that comply with new or revised standards on a non-delayed basis. 
 
 26 
 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2024 (the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the IPO), (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is greater than 700.0 million as of the last business day of our second quarter of that fiscal year, and (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. These include: 
 
 presenting only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our annual reports on Form 10-K and registration statements; and 

reduced narrative disclosure obligations, particularly with respect to executive compensation, in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements. 

Further, if we are a smaller reporting company with less than 100 million in annual revenue, we would be exempt from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, similar to emerging growth companies. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of a fiscal year on which either (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is 250 million or more as of such date, or (ii) both our annual revenue was 100 million or more during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is 700 million or more as of such date. However, we may continue relying on the reduced reporting requirements of smaller reporting companies through the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year in which we no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company. Therefore, we may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
 
 We have elected to take advantage of certain of these reduced disclosure obligations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and expect to take advantage of reduced disclosure obligations in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, while we remain an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company, as applicable. If we do, the information that we provide stockholders may be different than what you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you may have equity interests. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock. 
 27 
 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 

RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the financial and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before you make an investment decision regarding our securities. Any one of these risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results which could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant decrease in the value of our securities. Additionally, macroeconomic conditions may amplify many of the risks discussed below to which we are 
 subject and may materially and adversely affect us in ways that are not anticipated by or known to us or that we do not currently consider to present material risk. 
 
 We may not be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. These potential risks and uncertainties may not be a complete list of the risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties that we are presently unaware of, or presently consider immaterial, that may become material in the future and have a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any of these risks and uncertainties. 

Privacy and Cybersecurity Risks 
 
 We collect, store, transmit, use, disclose and otherwise process personal and other regulated or confidential data, primarily on behalf of our clients, which subjects us to laws, governmental regulation and other legal and contractual obligations related to privacy and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 
 We collect, store, transmit, use, disclose and otherwise process, which we refer to herein as Process or Processing, data that was collected from and about persons or their devices, including personal information, which is as defined broadly by relevant privacy and cybersecurity laws, and other regulated or confidential client data. In addition to terms in our contractual arrangements with clients, there are numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and directives regarding privacy and the Processing and protection of such personal information and client data, the scope of which is continually evolving and subject to differing interpretations. We and our clients must comply with such laws, regulations and directives and we and our clients may be subject to significant consequences, including penalties and fines, for our failure to comply. 
 
 For example, on May 25, 2018, the GDPR replaced the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC with respect to the Processing of personal information in the European Union. The GDPR imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal information (including non-E.U. processors who Process personal data on behalf of E.U. controllers), including, for example, more robust internal accountability controls, a strengthened individual data rights regime, shortened timelines for mandatory data breach notifications, limitations on retention and secondary use of information and additional obligations when we contract with third parties in connection with the Processing of personal information. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the E.U. member states may result in fines of up to 20 million or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. Complying with the GDPR has required us to implement additional internal processes to seek to ensure that we Process personal information in a compliant way and we have regularly re-drafted all our standard contracts to meet specific articles within the GDPR and new interpretations of the GDPR. As we continue to operate under the GDPR, compliance may become onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 28 
 
 In addition, following Brexit (the process by which the United Kingdom left the European Union), the United Kingdom enacted the Data Protection Act 2018, which implemented legislation similar to the GDPR, referred to as the UK GDPR, which provides for fines of up to the greater of 17.5 million (sterling) or 4 of global turnover. 

Furthermore, recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers of information from the EEA to the United States. For example, on July 16, 2020, the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, which allowed for the transfer of personal data from the US to the EU, was invalidated by the European Court of Justice, or CJEU, and this was followed on September 8, 2020 by the invalidation of the equivalent Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework. Three of our group companies were accredited under the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to legitimize the transfer of personal data from the EEA to the United States. Although the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal information transfer mechanism) upon which we rely for intra group transfers of personal information (and which is the most widely used transfer mechanism by our clients), it made clear that use of the standard contractual clauses must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals. Additionally, the European Data Protection Board (assigned by the European Commission to oversee data privacy in the EU) has issued guidance concerning data transfers following these CJEU decisions which places a higher burden on compliance for data transfers. The European Union has re-issued the standard contractual clauses which must be used for all new personal data transfers after September 27, 2021 (with the sunset date for existing personal data transfers expiring on December 27, 2022 meaning that any existing personal data transfers were subject to the new standard contractual clauses by this date). The European Commission has just announced a new Data Privacy Framework with the United States and this may eventually replace the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. 
 
 The United Kingdom s exit from the European Union has also imposed different requirements on personal data transfers with the introduction of the International Data Transfer Agreement and the Addendum to the E.U. standard contractual clauses in March 2022. Given these legal developments and the United Kingdom s potential long term divergence from E.U. law, the long-term validity of United Kingdom data protection measures remains uncertain, and we could be impacted by changes in law, including any future review of transfer mechanisms by the European courts or any supervisory authorities, which could require us to undertake substantial additional review of agreements on a going forward basis. If further legal bases for transferring personal information from Europe (or even the United Kingdom) to the United States are invalidated, or if we are unable to transfer personal information between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our solutions or could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 The California Consumer Protection Act, or CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020, introduced the most stringent data privacy laws in the United States to date, though several other states have passed or are in the process of passing laws and regulations governing privacy of their residents. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California residents and affords such residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information and certain opt-out rights for sales of personal information. The CCPA includes a private right of action for certain data breaches, with potential for severe statutory damages. In November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or the CPRA. The CPRA further expands the CCPA, imposing additional data privacy compliance requirements that may impact our business, and establishing a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. In addition, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, creating the second comprehensive U.S. state privacy law, which took effect on January 1, 2023, and Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act, which will go into effect partially on July 1, 2023; both laws are substantively similar to the CCPA and the CPRA in many respects, but also include their own unique compliance requirements. Certain aspects of the interpretation and enforcement of these laws remain uncertain as regulating bodies in these jurisdictions continue to work out applicability and scope of the laws and regulations. Comprehensive privacy laws have also been proposed in several other states and at the federal level. The effects of such laws could be significant and may require us to modify our data Processing practices and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. Additionally, many laws and regulations relating to privacy and the Processing and protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of 
 29 
 
 enforcement and new and changing interpretations by courts. Companies like ours that operate on a national and international scale are responsible for monitoring and complying with the patchwork of state requirements in the United States as well as other jurisdictions worldwide. 
 
 Furthermore, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or make effective modifications to our policies, or to comply with any federal, state or international privacy, data-retention or data-protection-related laws, regulations, orders or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others (including clients), a loss of client confidence, damage to our brand and reputation or a loss of clients, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data-retention and data-protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which could adversely impact our business, our brand or our reputation with clients. For example, some countries have adopted laws mandating that personal information regarding clients in their country be maintained solely in their country. Having to maintain local data centers and redesign product, service and business operations to limit personal information Processing to within individual countries could increase our operating costs significantly and require that we establish a physical presence in a country or region where we otherwise may not have opened any facilities. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with some of our product initiatives, we expect that our clients may increasingly use our cloud services to Process personal information and other regulated data. While we include privacy or information security obligations in our contracts, new jurisdictional legal requirements, in particular those from the E.U., may make it so that we will be unable to do business without more stringent obligations. Any failure by us to timely amend client contracts to conform to changing data protection laws, or to comply with our posted privacy policies, other federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations, or the privacy or information security commitments contained in our contracts could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, including individual rights of action, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the increased attention focused upon any liability we may have as a result of lawsuits or regulatory actions could also harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Furthermore, although we market and sell products to our clients to help them comply with federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and directives, including the GDPR, our clients are responsible for ensuring they are in compliance with such laws, regulations and directives. Any failure by our clients to comply could result in significant consequences to them, including penalties and fines, and despite the existence of contractual exclusions and marketing disclaimers which make their responsibility for their own compliance clear, our clients may file claims or seek indemnification from us, which may result in reputational harm and require us to expend time, effort and costs to defend such claims or respond to indemnification requests. Our standard terms of business include caps on liability, where legally permitted, but these may be challenged by clients and disapplied by a court in any judgment against the Company. 
 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocacy and industry groups or other third parties may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to our clients or us. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, directives or industry practices regarding the Processing of our clients data, or regarding the manner in which the legal basis for Processing, such as express or implied consent of clients for the Processing of such data, is obtained, could require us to modify our solutions and features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new solutions and features that make use of the data that our clients voluntarily share with us. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to clients or other third parties or our privacy-related legal obligations or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized access to, use, release or transfer of personal information or other client data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, negative media attention or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our clients to lose trust in us, which would have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Our clients may also accidentally disclose their passwords or store them on a mobile device that may be lost or stolen, resulting in unauthorized access to their data and creating the perception that our systems are not secure against third-party access. Additionally, if employees or third parties that we work with, such as contractors, vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put our clients information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. 
 30 

We have expanded our involvement in the delivery and provision of cloud computing through business alliances with various providers of cloud computing services and software and expect to continue to do so in the future. The application of U.S. and international data privacy laws to cloud computing vendors is uncertain, and our existing contractual provisions may prove to be inadequate to protect us from claims for data loss or regulatory noncompliance made against us resulting from the failures of cloud computing providers which we may partner with. While we do seek to limit our liability for such claims in our contractual agreements with clients, the failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations by our business partners who provide cloud computing services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cloud computing providers typically do not offer terms that match the commercial terms sought by our clients. We will need to modify our procurement processes in response to changing client and regulatory demands. If we fail to do so correctly, or in a timely manner, we may experience disruptions in client relationships, or receive regulatory inquiries or be the subject of government enforcement actions, which may in turn cause a material loss in revenues or damage our brand and reputation. 
 
 Any actual or perceived failure, or any allegations of failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy and information security could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our products, SaaS offerings, website and networks may be subject to intentional or accidental disruption, or unauthorized access, that could adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 
 Despite our precautions and significant ongoing investments to protect against security risks such as data breaches, cyber-attacks and other intentional or accidental disruptions of or unauthorized access to our products, offerings and networks, in light of our business and types and sensitivity of the information we store on behalf of clients, we have been and expect to continue to be an ongoing target of attacks specifically designed to breach or interrupt our networks and systems, which could harm our reputation and result in litigation, fines and penalties. Sophisticated actors may attempt to penetrate our network security or the security of our website and misappropriate proprietary or other information such as personal information or cause interruptions to our solutions. Our products may come under focused threats and attacks and we or our clients may suffer data loss or unauthorized access as a consequence of such attacks on our products. Such cyber-attacks threaten to misappropriate our or our clients proprietary or personal information and cause interruptions of our information technology solutions. Because the techniques used by unauthorized persons to access or sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate or detect these techniques. Further, if unauthorized access or sabotage remains undetected for an extended period of time, the effects of such breach could be exacerbated. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including bugs and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of our systems and networks. We have experienced and defended against threats to our systems and security including malware, phishing attacks and Distributed Denial of Service attacks. For example, in 2020 a phishing attack resulted in certain client correspondence being made available to an unauthorized email account for a period of time. This incident was remediated and the investigation showed that the phishing attack did not affect any of our other computer systems, databases or networks, including those systems used to host or transfer client data, and that it was an isolated incident. While this incident and other unsuccessful attempts have not had a material adverse effect on our business to date, we may experience more serious incidents in the future. Our exposure to cybersecurity threats and negative consequences of cybersecurity breaches will likely increase as we store increasing amounts of our clients data in cloud-based environments. 
 
 We outsource a number of our internal business functions to third-party contractors, and some of our client facing business operations depend, in part, on the success of our contractors own cybersecurity measures. We also partner with cloud service providers for some client solutions. Similarly, particularly for the Data Storage Technology business, we rely upon distributors, resellers, system vendors and systems integrators to sell our products and our sales operations depend, in part, on the reliability of their cybersecurity measures. Additionally, we depend upon our employees to appropriately handle confidential information and deploy our IT resources in a safe and secure fashion and in accordance with our policies so as not to expose our network systems to security breaches and the loss of or 
 31 
 
 unauthorized access to data. Accordingly, if our cybersecurity systems, policies and procedures, and those of our contractors, partners and vendors fail to protect against unauthorized access, cyber- attacks or the mishandling or misappropriation of information by our employees, contractors, partners or vendors, our ability to conduct our business effectively could be damaged in a number of ways, including: 
 
 sensitive data regarding our business, including intellectual property and other proprietary data, could be stolen or mishandled; 

our sensitive or proprietary data or the sensitive and proprietary data of our clients could be rendered unavailable through a ransomware or other cyberattack, resulting in potentially significant service disruptions, negative publicity, and loss of business; 

our electronic communications systems, including email and other methods, could be disrupted, and our ability to conduct our business operations could be seriously damaged until such systems can be restored and secured; 

our ability to process client orders and electronically deliver products and solutions could be lost or degraded, and our distribution channels could be disrupted, resulting in delays in revenue recognition; 

defects and security vulnerabilities could be exploited or introduced into our products or our cloud offerings, thereby damaging the reputation and perceived reliability and security of our products and solutions and potentially making the data systems of our clients vulnerable to further data loss and cyber incidents; and 

personal information, protected health information, or PHI or other confidential data of our clients, employees and business partners could be accessed without authorization, stolen or lost. 

Should any of the above events occur, we could be subject to significant claims for liability from our clients, consumers and other third parties and regulatory actions from governmental agencies, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights could be compromised and our reputation and competitive position could be significantly harmed. The regulatory and contractual actions, litigations, investigations, fines, penalties and liabilities relating to data breaches that result in losses of personal information, PHI or credit card information of users of our solutions can be significant in terms of fines and reputational impact, and necessitate changes to our business operations that may be disruptive to us. Additionally, we could incur significant costs in order to upgrade our cybersecurity systems and remediate damages. Consequently, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and our inability to effectively compete may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The markets for our products and solutions are highly competitive and are subject to rapid technological changes and evolving client demands and needs. We compete on the basis of various factors, including product functionality, product integration, platform coverage, quality of service interoperability with third-party technologies, ability to scale and price products and solutions, worldwide sales infrastructure, global technical support, name recognition and reputation. 
 
 Our competitors vary in size, scope and breadth of the products and solutions they offer and include software vendors that offer software products that directly compete with our product offerings. In our Data Storage Technology business, we face growing competition from network equipment, computer hardware manufacturers, large operating system providers and other technology companies that increasingly develop and incorporate into their products storage, server management software and backup that compete at some levels with our product offerings. Our competitive position could be materially adversely affected if our clients perceive the functionality incorporated into these products as a replacement for our products. Many of our principal competitors are established companies that have substantial financial resources, recognized brands, technological expertise and market experience, and sometimes have more established positions in certain product lines and geographies than we 
 32 
 
 do. We also compete with smaller and sometimes newer companies, some of which are specialized with a narrower focus than our company, and face competition from other eDiscovery and data management solutions providers. Our competitors invest significantly in research and development as well as sales and marketing. We also face competition from the backup solutions offered by cloud IT providers. It is also possible that certain of our clients have the resources to develop their own products or solutions that could be competitive with our offerings. 
 
 Our competitors may be able to more quickly adopt new or emerging technologies or address client requirements and new and emerging technologies may allow startup companies to more quickly enter the market than in the past. We may also face increased competition from companies that provide more in-depth offerings, adapting their products and solutions to meet the demands of their clients or combining with one of their competitors to enhance their products and solutions. A number of our principal competitors may continue to make acquisitions to improve the competitiveness of their offerings. Increased competition could cause, among other things, price reductions of our products, reduced profitability and loss of market share. To competitively serve the needs of our existing clients and to attract new clients, we must continue to: 
 
 enhance and improve our existing products and solutions (such as by adding new content and functionalities); 

develop new products and solutions; 

invest in technology; and 

strategically acquire additional businesses and partner with other businesses in key sectors that will allow us to offer a broader array of products and solutions. 

If we fail to effectively compete, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Our continued growth depends in large part upon achieving significant market acceptance of Nebula or other new solutions we may develop in the future and we may not be successful in attaining such market acceptance. 
 
 Nebula is a relatively new offering and we have not derived a significant percentage of our Company s historical revenue from its sales. The commercial success of Nebula or other new solutions we may offer will depend, in part, upon the degree of market acceptance by our existing and prospective client base. The degree of market acceptance of Nebula and any other solution we may develop in the future will depend on several factors, including the potential and perceived advantages of that solution as compared to other existing alternatives, our ability to offer the solution at competitive prices, the convenience and ease of use of the solution and the strength of our marketing and sales efforts. Any new or otherwise novel solution that we commercialize may not gain acceptance with one or more client groups, meaning we may not generate significant incremental revenue from Nebula. Efforts to educate our existing and prospective clients on the benefits of Nebula, or any other new offering we may develop as compared to other solutions we and our competitors offer, will require committing significant financial and other resources, including the time of our management, sales and marketing teams, and these efforts may not be successful. Further, even if Nebula or another new solution gains some market acceptance, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient traction to generate significant additional revenue. We may also over-estimate the size of the potential market for new products such as Nebula. Further, the means by which we make new solutions available to clients, such as the partner channel for Nebula, may not be successful. If Nebula does not achieve widespread acceptance, or in the future if there is a reduction in demand for Nebula caused by a lack of client acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending, or otherwise, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

33 
 
 Our business depends on clients increasing their use of our solutions and services and any decline in their use of our solutions and services or failure to grow revenues with existing clients could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our ability to grow and generate incremental revenue depends, in part, on our ability to maintain our relationships with existing clients and to grow their usage of our solutions and services. Most of our clients do not have long-term contractual financial commitments to us and, therefore, most of our clients, particularly those under usage-based or project-based arrangements, may reduce or cease their use of our solutions and services at any time, with little or no notice and without incurring any financial penalties. Clients on subscription-based arrangements may choose not to renew their agreement with us. Clients may reduce or terminate their use of our solutions and services or choose not to renew their agreement(s) with us for any number of reasons, including the settlement or other resolution of legal matters, reductions in the volume of major legal matters, budget constraints, dissatisfaction or negative perceptions regarding the reliability of our solutions and services, changes in our clients underlying businesses and financial conditions, changes in the type and size of our clients, pricing changes, legal industry trends from litigation toward alternative forms of dispute resolution, competitive conditions and general economic conditions. In addition, even if our clients expand their usage of our solutions and services, we cannot guarantee that they will maintain those usage levels for any meaningful period of time. Existing clients may also negotiate lower rates for their usage in exchange for an agreement to renew, enter into a subscription agreement, expand their usage in the future or adopt new solutions and services. As a result, the revenue we derive from consistent usage levels may decrease over time. If existing clients reduce their usage of or rates of payment for, or do not continue to use our solutions and services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our future growth and financial performance also depends in part on our ability to expand our existing client relationships by increasing usage, increasing the number of clients on subscription-based agreements and selling additional solutions and services to our existing clients. The rate at which our clients purchase solutions and services from us depends on a number of factors, including our ability to develop additional solutions and services and the quality of such applications, general economic conditions and pricing and services offered by our competitors. If our efforts to increase usage, increase the number of clients on subscription-based agreements and sell additional solutions and services to our clients are not successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to attract new clients, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 We must attract new clients to continue to grow our business and our success in doing so will depend to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption of our solutions and services, including Nebula, by new clients. Achieving new client growth may require significant and costly sales efforts and will depend on the effectiveness of our sales organization. A number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, could impact our ability to acquire new clients, including, but not limited to, our competitors offerings, prospective new clients commitments to other providers, the real or perceived cost of switching to our solutions or services, our failure to develop and maintain relationships with prospective clients and our partner ecosystem, our failure to help clients successfully deploy our solutions and services, negative media or industry commentary regarding us or our offerings, the general level of litigation activity, and our failure to expand, retain and motivate our sales and marketing personnel. Any failure to grow our existing client base as a result of these or other factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may need to change our pricing models in order to compete successfully. 
 
 General economic and business conditions together with intense competition in the sales of our products and solutions place pressure on us to reduce prices for our software and solutions, and we frequently encounter aggressive price competition. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or solutions or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable than ours, we may need to lower our prices or offer other incentives in order to compete successfully. Any such changes may reduce margins and could adversely affect operating results or require that we offer our products or solutions at, or in certain cases, below our cost. 
 34 
 
 Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact pricing of both our on-site software business and our cloud business, as well as overall demand for our on-site software product and solutions, which could reduce our revenues and profitability. 
 
 Industry pricing models are evolving, and we anticipate that clients may increasingly request alternative pricing models. These alternative pricing models may exacerbate existing pricing pressures, require investments in different product solutions or place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors. Moreover, the use of evolving technology by our clients to develop more complex pricing models may lead to additional pricing pressures. If we are unable to adapt our operations to these evolving pricing models, our results of operations may be adversely affected or we may not be able to offer pricing that is attractive relative to our competitors. 
 
 Any broad-based change to our prices and pricing policies could cause our revenues to decline or be delayed as our sales force implements, and our clients adjust to, such new pricing policies. Some of our competitors may bundle products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices and product implementations. These practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for certain of our products. If we do not adapt our pricing models to reflect changes in client use of our products or changes in client demand, our revenues could decrease. An increase in open source software distribution may also cause us to change our pricing models. 
 
 Any of the foregoing risks with respect to our pricing policies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to expand our operations and maintain or increase our revenue is dependent on the quality of our client service and support services, and our failure to provide high level service could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our clients depend upon our client service and support staff to meet their eDiscovery needs and they demand high-quality support services. Failure to meet that demand could negatively affect our reputation in the marketplace and could adversely affect sales of our services and solutions. Further, we may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in client demand for support services. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in support services provided by competitors or successfully integrate support for our clients. Further client demand for these services could increase our costs and adversely affect our operating results. Any failure to respond to the foregoing or other related risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to develop new and enhanced products and solutions that achieve widespread market acceptance, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our existing products and solutions or adapt our business model to keep pace with industry trends, our business could be adversely affected. 
 The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing client needs. We believe that key competitive factors in the markets we serve include the breadth and quality of professional services, system and software solutions, product integration, platform coverage, the stability of our information systems, the features and capabilities of our product and solutions, the pricing of our products and solutions, and the potential for future product and solution enhancements. Our future success depends in part on our ability to keep pace with technological changes and to respond to the rapidly changing needs of our clients by developing or introducing new products, product upgrades and solutions on a timely and cost-effective basis. We have in the past incurred, and will continue to incur, significant research and development expenses as we strive to remain competitive. Clients may require features and capabilities that our current products and solutions do not have, such as remote collections from mobile phones. We need to successfully respond to significant market challenges to our existing product portfolio as well as invest in new growth areas based on our core technical capabilities. Our failure to develop products and solutions that satisfy client preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner may harm our ability to maintain relationships with existing clients, as well as our ability to create or increase demand for our products and solutions, and may materially 
 35 
 
 adversely affect our operating results. As competition in the IT industry increases, it may become increasingly difficult for us to maintain a technological advantage and to leverage that advantage toward increased revenues and profits. New product development and introduction involve a significant commitment of time and resources and are subject to a number of risks and challenges including: 
 managing the length of the development cycle for new products and product enhancements, including the continued development of Nebula, which can fluctuate as new features are developed; 

designing and marketing products and professional services solutions that will be adopted by our client base as well as attract new clients for our technology; 

managing clients transitions to new products and solutions; 

adapting to emerging and evolving industry standards and to technological developments by our competitors and clients; 

extending the operation of our products and solutions to new and evolving platforms, operating systems, operating environments and models, including support of new workloads and data management technologies, and hardware products; 

clients ability to upgrade to the most current versions of software to take advantage of new functionalities; 

reacting to trends and predicting which technologies will be successful and develop into industry standards; 

tailoring our business and pricing models appropriately as we enter new markets and respond to competitive pressures and technological changes; 

extending or creating technology alliances with other key technology players in our industry; 

managing new product and solutions for the markets in which we operate; 

addressing trade compliance issues affecting our ability to ship our products; 

developing or expanding efficient sales channels; and 

obtaining sufficient licenses to technology and technical access from proprietary software providers, open source software providers and operating system software vendors on reasonable terms to enable the development and deployment of interoperable products, including source code licenses for certain products with deep technical integration into operating systems. 

If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, if our new products, product upgrades and solutions are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, or if our efforts are more costly or resource-intensive than anticipated or fail to achieve the expected outcomes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 An outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an ongoing adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 
 We are vulnerable to the general economic effects of disease outbreaks and similar public health threats. COVID-19 began to spread globally in late 2019, was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and continues to impact worldwide economic activity. A public health pandemic, including COVID-19, poses the risk that we or our employees, contractors, suppliers, clients and other business partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. KLDiscovery was eligible for federal government stimulus incentives, including U.S. payroll tax deferral and employee retention tax credits. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we deferred 4.0 million in payroll taxes, of which we repaid 2.0 million in December 2021 and 2.0 million of which was paid in December 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we claimed tax credits of 3.2 million, primarily related to the retention of our employees. As of December 31, 2022, we have received 2.7 million of these credits, which we do not have to repay . 
 
 36 
 
 Our business has been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and may be similarly adversely affected by future pandemics or the global response thereto. Primarily due to the impact of COVID-19, our revenues decreased 7.2 for the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to the prior year as many clients delayed new litigation and court systems closed for a period of time and were slow to reopen. The COVID-19 pandemic has also adversely affected many industries as well as the economies and financial markets of many countries, in some countries, causing a significant deceleration of economic activity. This slowdown at times reduced production, decreased demand for a broad variety of goods and services, diminished trade levels and led to corporate downsizing and increased unemployment. We also saw significant disruption of and have continued to see extreme volatility in the global capital markets, which could increase the cost of, or entirely restrict access to, capital. The impact of future pandemics on the United States and world economies could be similar, or worse, and impact all segments of the global economy, resulting in a significant recession or worse, any of which could impact our business. 
 
 A future pandemic or an unexpected worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related events could have a negative effect on our business and could accelerate or magnify one or more of the risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , and the full extent and scope of the impact on our business and industry, as well as on national, regional and global markets and economies, cannot be predicted. Accordingly, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines previously done or presently planned could be adversely affected. 
 
 Technology and Intellectual Property Related Risks 
 
 Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our products and solutions and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are heavily reliant on our technology and infrastructure to provide our products and solutions to our clients. For example, we provide solutions through computer hardware that is located in our 9 global data centers around the world as well as in cloud-based data centers offered through the Microsoft Azure Cloud. Our physical data centers are vulnerable to damage, interruption or performance problems from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures and similar events. They are also subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. The occurrence of any of these events, a decision to close a data center, or other unanticipated problems could result in interruptions in the delivery of certain of our products and solutions. 
 
 Any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our systems, products and solutions could reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause clients to terminate their agreements with us, commence or threaten litigation against us, harm our reputation and damage our clients businesses. We have experienced and may in the future experience disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, natural disasters, power outages, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our website simultaneously, fraud or security attacks. Further, use of our solutions typically requires network and internet connectivity and our clients may experience disruptions, outages and other performance problems with their network or internet access independent of whether our systems are operating normally, which could affect their ability to use our products and solutions. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time or at all. Interruptions in our products and solutions could cause clients to cease doing business with us and adversely affect our reputation. In addition, our business would be harmed if any events of this nature caused our clients and potential clients to believe our solutions are unreliable. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

37 
 
 Defects, disruptions, performance problems or risks related to the provision of our product offerings could impair our ability to deliver our solutions and could expose us to liability, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise negatively impact our business. 
 
 Certain of our products and solutions utilize software solutions developed by us or third parties for our clients needs, and new releases of software products are issued to our clients periodically. Complex software products, such as those we offer, may contain undetected errors or defects, especially when they are first introduced or new versions are released. Despite testing, these undetected errors may be discovered only after a product has been installed and used either in our internal processing system or by our clients, and could result in unanticipated service interruptions or other performance problems and cause damage to our clients businesses. If that occurs, clients could elect not to renew with us, to delay or withhold payment to us, or to make warranty or other claims against us, and we could be obligated to provide service credits based on our failure to meet service level commitments, which could result in additional expense and risk of litigation. 
 
 We believe that our reputation and name recognition are critical factors in our ability to compete and generate additional sales. Promotion and enhancement of our name will depend largely on our success in continuing to provide effective products and solutions. The occurrence of errors in our products or solutions, the discovery of security vulnerabilities or the detection of bugs by our clients may damage our reputation in the market and our relationships with our existing clients, and as a result, we may be unable to attract or retain clients. 
 
 In addition, because our products and solutions are used to manage data that is often critical to our clients, they may have a greater sensitivity to defects in our products than to defects in other, less critical, applications. As a result, the licensing and support of our products and solutions involve the risk of product liability claims. Our license agreements with our clients typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential product liability claims. However, the limitation of liability provisions contained in our license agreements vary and may not be effective as a result of existing or future national, federal, state or local laws or ordinances or unfavorable judicial decisions. Although we have not experienced any material product liability claims to date, the sale and support of our products entail the risk of such claims, which could be substantial in light of the use of our products in enterprise-wide environments. In addition, our insurance against product liability may not be adequate to cover all potential claims. 
 
 Any of the foregoing risks or others related to defects, disruptions, or performance problems related to the provision of our product and solutions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our products and solutions use third-party open source software components, and the failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to provide our products and services. 
 
 A large number of our proprietary software and applications are built on commonly used open source licenses, which carries its own unique risks. Some open source licenses contain terms that may, depending on how the licensed software is used or modified, require that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the licensed open source software, authorize further modification and redistribution of that source code, make that source code available at little or no cost, or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine, distribute, link or convey our proprietary software together with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software. These scenarios could enable our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to purchase additional licenses, expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software or cease use or distribution of some or all of our software until we can adequately address the concerns. 
 
 Use of open source software can also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to compromise our systems. In addition, use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial 
 38 
 
 software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Any of the foregoing or other risks related to the use of open source software could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products and solutions. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. While we employ practices designed to monitor compliance with third-party open source software licenses and to protect our proprietary source code, we generally do not run a complete open source license review and may inadvertently use third-party open source software in a manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance or breach of contract, If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face infringement or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our platform on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our platform, to discontinue or delay the provision of our platform if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The unavailability of third-party technology could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 We license certain eDiscovery-related software from third parties and incorporate or integrate such components into and with our solutions and products. For instance, we integrate third-party solutions licensed from certain providers such as Relativity, a key supplier of one of our eDiscovery platforms, with our eDiscovery solutions and products. While we have developed our own proprietary platforms, certain third-party software, such as that licensed from Relativity, has become central to the operation and delivery of our eDiscovery solutions and products. 
 
 Certain of our third-party software license contracts expire within the next one to three years and may be renewed only by mutual consent. For instance, our license agreement with Relativity expires on June 30, 2024. There is no assurance that we will be able to renew these contracts as they expire or that such renewals will be on the same or substantially similar terms or on conditions that are commercially reasonable to us. If we fail to renew these contracts as they expire, we may be unable to offer certain eDiscovery-related solutions and products to our clients. In addition, our third-party software licenses are non-exclusive. For example, all of our primary competitors in the eDiscovery business use Relativity in connection with their eDiscovery platforms (in addition to any proprietary platforms that they may own themselves). 
 
 If certain of our third-party licensors were to terminate our licenses, change their product offerings, cease actively supporting their existing technologies, fail to update and enhance their technologies to keep pace with changing industry standards, encounter technical difficulties in the continued development of their technologies, significantly increase prices, suffer significant capacity or supply chain constraints or suffer other disruptions, we would need to identify alternative suppliers and incur additional internal and/or external development costs to ensure continued performance of our eDiscovery-related solutions and products. Such alternatives may not be available on attractive terms, or at all, or may not be as widely accepted or as effective as the software provided by our existing suppliers. If the cost of licensing or maintaining this third-party technology significantly increases, our margins could significantly decrease. In addition, interruptions in the functionality of our solutions and products resulting from changes in or with our third-party licensors could adversely affect our commitments to clients, reputation, future sales of our services and products solutions, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We utilize various web service providers, such as Microsoft Azure, for the delivery of our cloud-based products. These solutions are operated by third parties that we do not control and that could require significant time to replace. We expect this dependence on third parties to continue. These systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption and have experienced interruptions in the past. A prolonged web service disruption affecting our cloud-based offerings for any of the foregoing reasons would negatively impact our ability to serve our clients and could damage our reputation with current and potential clients, expose us to liability, cause us to lose clients or otherwise harm our 
 39 
 
 business. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the web services we use. Interruptions in these third party-services on which we rely could affect the security or availability of our products and cloud infrastructure and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, these web services providers may generally terminate our agreements for convenience upon providing some nominal period of notice and may terminate our agreements for cause if a breach by us has not been cured within a short time period. In the event that our service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, elimination of web services or features that we utilize, interruption of internet service provider connectivity or damage to such facilities, we could experience interruptions in access to our platforms as well as significant delays and additional expense in arranging or creating new facilities and services and/or re-architecting our solutions for deployment on a different cloud infrastructure service provider, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we encounter difficulties as we implement our new consolidated business systems, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 We are in the process of implementing new consolidated business systems across our global operations which we expect to complete in coming years. We rely on our IT to help us effectively manage our client relationships, sales information, order processing and support and marketing services, and we anticipate that the implementation of new consolidated business systems will improve our processes. However, implementations such as these are complex and time-consuming projects that require transformations of business and finance processes, and there is a risk that implementation of these new systems will not achieve these expected benefits as quickly as anticipated or at all. In addition, there can be no assurance that there will not be errors, delays or other related issues resulting from the transition to our new business systems and adjustments to associated business processes, or that we will be able to fix any error or issue. These risks include loss of information, the compromise of data integrity and control systems and the potential disruption to our normal business operations and financial reporting processes. Additionally, if the new system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected and our ability to assess those controls adequately could be delayed. Such errors, interruptions, delays or other issues may also result in unanticipated costs or expenditures and divert the attention of key senior management away from other aspects of our business, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we do not protect our proprietary rights and information and prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our products and technology, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Most of our products and underlying technology is proprietary. We seek to protect our proprietary rights through a combination of confidentiality agreements and procedures, and through copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws of the United States and international jurisdictions. In addition, we use licenses, non-disclosure agreements and other agreements to restrict the use of our products by our clients and other third parties. However, all of these measures afford only limited protection and may be challenged, invalidated, disregarded, declared unenforceable or circumvented by third parties, subject to government march-in or sovereign rights or compulsory licensing, sunshine laws or be subject to freedom of information requests or court-ordered public disclosure, and we may not have effective remedies to protect our proprietary rights. Third parties may copy, reverse engineer all or portions of our products and underlying technology or otherwise misappropriate, disparage, dilute, steal, otherwise improperly use, distribute or sell our proprietary technology without authorization. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain effective protection for the technology underlying our new products and solutions as they are developed. For example, any of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged, may not be issued with the scope of the protection we seek, if at all. Furthermore, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions can be difficult to enforce and, even if successfully enforced, may not have effective remedies available to ameliorate unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property. 
 
 Third parties may also develop similar or superior technology by designing around our patents and the other intellectual property protections or independently developing technology that does not infringe, misappropriate or violate our intellectual property rights. Our intellectual property may also be replaced or rendered obsolete by new technologies to which we have no right of use or can only acquire such use at unreasonable or unsustainable costs. 
 40 
 
 Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries do not offer the same level of protection or enforcement of our proprietary rights as the laws of the United States, and we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our products in those countries. For example, for some of our products, we rely on shrink-wrap or click-wrap licenses, which may be unenforceable in whole or in part in some jurisdictions in which we operate. The unauthorized sale, distribution or use of our products or proprietary technology could result in reduced sales of our products, or diminish our brand and reputation. Any legal action to protect proprietary technology that we may bring or be engaged in with a client, strategic partner or vendor could adversely affect our ability to access software, operating systems and/or hardware platforms of such client, partner or vendor, or cause such partner or vendor to choose not to offer our products to their clients. In addition, any legal action we engage in to protect our proprietary technology could be costly, may distract management from day-to-day operations and may lead to additional claims against us, and we may not succeed; any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Third party claims of intellectual property infringement could cause us to incur significant expenses and restrict or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 The software and internet industries are characterized by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past, and may receive in the future, communications from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights, including claims regarding patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. We also incorporate technology from third parties into our software and systems and, as such, cannot be certain that these licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of others or that the suppliers and licensors have sufficient rights to the technology in all jurisdictions in which we may offer our products and solutions. Because of the constant technological change in the markets in which we compete and the extensive coverage of intellectual property protection for existing technologies, including software patents, it is possible that the number of these claims may grow. In addition, former employers of our former, current or future employees may assert claims that such employees have improperly disclosed to us the confidential or proprietary information of these former employers. Many potential litigants, including some of our competitors and patent-holding companies, have the ability to dedicate substantial resources to assert their intellectual property rights. 
 
 Any such intellectual property claim, with or without merit, could result in costly litigation and distract management from day-to-day operations, and the outcomes of such claims are inherently uncertain. Also, because of the significant amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, we may risk compromising confidential or proprietary information if litigation ensued. If we are not successful in defending such claims, we may be subject to an injunction or other restrictions that could require us to stop selling, delay shipments of or redesign our products, stop offering (or temporarily stop offering) our solutions to others, pay royalties, fines or other monetary amounts as damages, enter into royalty or licensing arrangements or satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with some of our clients. There is no assurance that any royalty or licensing arrangements we may seek in such circumstances will be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, certain client agreements require us to indemnify our clients for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. While our standard client agreements include contractual caps on liability, there is no guarantee that these would be upheld by a court. At times, even if we believe a suit is without merit, we may determine it is prudent to settle it in a way that restricts our use of the technology or requires us to pay monetary amounts. We have made and expect to continue making significant expenditures to preempt, investigate, defend and settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights, including trademarks, as part of our strategy to manage this risk. However, any alleged infringement or other violation of a third party s intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Other Business Risks 
 We have a history of losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We may not be able to increase the amount of revenues or cash flow we generate, and we might continue to incur net losses for some time as we continue to grow. We have experienced net losses for a number of years, including net losses of (43.2) million and (60.5) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we may incur net losses in the future. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 359.1 million. It 
 41 
 
 is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations, and we expect our operating expenses to increase significantly over the next several years as we continue to grow our business, hire additional personnel, expand our operations and infrastructure and invest in research and development. If we fail to increase our revenue to offset the increases in our operating expenses, we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 
 If we do not continue to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and key employees, we may be unable to expand our products and solutions or effectively manage or grow our business. 
 Our future success depends upon the continued service and performance of our senior management team and key technical and sales personnel. If we lose any of our senior management team or key technical and sales personnel, we may be unable to effectively manage our current and future operations, including maintaining and growing existing, and developing new, client relationships. 
 
 Our success and future growth depend upon our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain highly qualified technical, managerial, and sales and marketing employees in order to implement our corporate development strategy and operations. Our ability to increase our client base and usage of our solutions, including Nebula, will significantly depend on our ability to successfully retain our sales and marketing teams and execute our sales strategy. Further, our top three sales representatives were responsible for approximately 28 of our sales for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022. If any of our top sales personnel cease working for us, we may lose existing business from clients who had relationships with specific sales representatives and we may not be able to grow our business as quickly, or to the extent, we expect. There is a limited pool of employees who have the requisite skills, training and education. We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous technology, software, startup and emerging growth companies, which are active in many of the technical areas and geographic regions in which we conduct product development. Attracting and retaining highly skilled employees will be costly as we offer competitive compensation packages to prospective and current employees. For example, we have agreed to provide payments to various current employees in connection with certain changes of control, and such payments may, in the aggregate, be material to us. Further, because our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, our ability to use equity compensation may be more limited, and this type of compensation may not be as attractive to a prospective employee as it would if we were listed on an exchange. If we are unable to continue to successfully recruit and retain the most skilled and capable senior managers and key technical and sales employees, particularly in connection with our current plan to significantly increase our sales and marketing and research and development teams, our ability to implement our business plan, growth strategy and develop and maintain our software and solutions, including Nebula, could be adversely affected, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain, promote or expand our brand through effective marketing practices, our brand and business could be adversely affected. 
 We believe that maintaining and promoting our brand in a cost-effective manner is critical to retaining and expanding our client base. We have invested considerable money and resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brand, and we will continue to invest resources in brand marketing and other efforts to continue to preserve and enhance consumer awareness. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We utilize internet search engines such as Google, principally through the purchase of keywords, to generate additional traffic to our websites. The number of users we attract from search engines to our websites is due in large part to how links to our websites are displayed on search engine results pages. Search engines frequently update and change the algorithm that determines the placement and display of results of a user s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites can be negatively affected. In addition, a significant amount of traffic is directed to our websites through our participation in pay-per-click and display advertising campaigns on search engines. If a major search engine changes its algorithms or results in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking, paid or unpaid, of our websites, our business, financial conditions and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 42 
 
 We have acquired businesses in the past, and we may consider opportunities in the future to acquire other companies, assets or product lines that complement or expand our business. Risks related to acquisitions and the integration of businesses we may acquire could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 In the past we have grown through acquisitions and we may continue to do so in the future. Achieving the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions depends on a number of factors, including whether we can identify and execute on suitable acquisition targets as well as integrate new businesses in an efficient and effective manner. The acquisition and integration of any acquired businesses involves a number of risks, including, but not limited to: the complexity, time and costs associated with the acquisition and integration process, the diversion of management s time and attention, the assumption of liabilities of the acquired businesses, including unknown liabilities and litigation related to the acquired business, the impairment of relationships with our existing clients and business partners or of those of the acquired business and the addition of acquisition-related debt as well as increased expenses and working capital requirements. 
 
 The successful acquisition and integration of any businesses or operations will depend on our ability to manage these operations, realize opportunities for revenue growth presented by strengthened product and solutions and expanded geographic market coverage, and eliminate redundant and excess costs to fully realize the expected synergies. Because of difficulties in combining operations and systems which may not be fully compatible and may be geographically distant, we may not be able to achieve the financial strength and growth and other benefits we anticipate from an acquisition. Any failure to integrate acquired businesses and operations efficiently and effectively or fail to realize the benefits we anticipate could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our international business operations subject our business to additional risks. 
 We have significant international operations with 25 locations in 16 countries, including data centers in Canada, England, France, Germany, Ireland and Japan. We may expand our international operations if we identify growth opportunities. Our international operations are subject to the following risks, among others: 
 foreign certification, licensing and regulatory requirements, which may be substantially more complex or burdensome than our domestic requirements; 

risk associated with selecting or terminating partners for foreign expansion, including marketing agents, distributors or other strategic partners for particular markets; 

risk associated with local ownership and/or investment requirements, as well as difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries for local operations; 

reduced protection of confidential consumer information in some countries; 

political unrest, international hostilities, military actions, including, without limitation, the war in Ukraine, terrorist or cyber-terrorist activities, other geopolitical events, natural disasters, pandemics, and infrastructure disruptions; 

differing economic cycles and adverse economic conditions; 

unexpected changes in and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements, including GDPR; 

regulations or restrictions on the use, import or export of technologies that could delay or prevent the acceptance and use of our products; 

differing business practices, which may require us to enter into agreements that include non-standard terms; 

varying tax regimes, including with respect to the imposition of withholding taxes on remittances and other payments by our partnerships or subsidiaries; 

differing labor regulations; 

foreign exchange controls and restrictions on repatriation of funds from our international subsidiaries; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and inflationary conditions 

43 
 
 inability to collect payments or seek recourse under or comply with ambiguous or vague commercial or other laws; 

potential loss of proprietary or personal information due to misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws or that may not be adequately enforced 

varying attitudes towards censorship and the treatment of information service providers by foreign governments, in particular in emerging markets 

difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified management and employees, or rationalizing our workforce; 

difficulties in staffing, managing and operating our international operations, including difficulties related to administering our stock plans in some foreign countries; 

difficulties in coordinating the activities of our geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations; 

costs and delays associated with developing software and providing support in multiple languages; and 

difficulties in penetrating new markets due to entrenched competitors, lack of recognition of our brands or lack of local acceptance of our products and solutions. 

Foreign operations bring increased complexity and the costs of managing or overseeing foreign operations, including adapting and localizing solutions or systems to specific regions and countries, can be material. Further, international operations carry inherent uncertainties regarding the effect of local or domestic actions, such as the long-term impact of the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union (Brexit), which could be material. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so without incurring unexpected costs. If we are not able to manage the risks related to our international operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially affected. 
 
 We may need to recognize impairment charges related to goodwill, identified intangible assets and fixed assets. 
 
 We have substantial balances of goodwill and identified intangible assets. We are required to test goodwill and any other intangible assets with an indefinite life for possible impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. We are also required to evaluate amortizable intangible assets and fixed assets for impairment if there are indicators of a possible impairment. 
 
 Based on the results of the annual impairment test as of October 1, 2022 and the qualitative assessment performed as of December 31, 2022, we concluded that the fair value of our reporting unit exceeded the individual reporting unit s carrying value, and goodwill was not impaired. T here is significant judgment required in the analysis of a potential impairment of goodwill, identified intangible assets and fixed assets. If, as a result of a general economic slowdown, deterioration in one or more of the markets in which we operate or impairment in our financial performance and/or future outlook, the estimated fair value of our long-lived assets decreases, we may determine that one or more of our long-lived assets is impaired. An impairment charge would be recorded if the estimated fair value of the assets is lower than the carrying value and any such impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. For example, we recorded an impairment charge of 22.5 million in 2021 associated with our intangible assets. 

The insurance coverage that we purchase may prove to be inadequate or unavailable when we need the coverage. 
 
 We carry liability, property, directors and officers, business interruption, Cyber and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks to our company. We select the types of insurance, the limits and the deductibles based on our specific risk profile, the cost of the insurance coverage versus its perceived benefit and general industry standards. Our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions for events such as war. Although we generally attempt to select reputable insurance carriers, any economic disruptions may prevent us from using our insurance if the counterparty does not have the capital necessary to meet the coverage. In addition, our agreements with clients also contain obligations to carry comprehensive general liability, property, workers compensation, and automobile 
 44 
 
 liability insurance. Any of the limits of insurance that we purchase could prove to be inadequate, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our sales cycles with clients can be long and unpredictable and our sales efforts require significant time and expense. 
 
 The timing of our sales with our clients and related revenue recognition is difficult to predict due to the length and unpredictability of the sales cycle for our clients. In addition, the lengthy sales cycle for the evaluation and implementation of our solutions may also cause us to experience a delay between incurring expenses for such sales efforts and the generation of corresponding revenue. The length of our sales cycle can vary substantially from client to client. Our sales efforts, include educating our clients about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our solution. The clients we serve often undertake a prolonged evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our solution but also those of our competitors. In addition, the size of potential clients may lead to longer sales cycles. As the use of our solution can be dependent upon the timing of work in legal matters, our sales cycle can extend to even longer periods of time. During the sales cycle, we expend significant time and resources on sales and marketing and contract negotiation activities, which may not result in a completed sale. Additional factors that may influence the length and variability of our sales cycle include: 
 
 macroeconomic conditions and other factors affecting client budgets, including inflation; 

the regulatory environment in which our clients operate; 

the discretionary nature of clients purchasing decisions and budget cycles; 

the effectiveness of our sales force, particularly new salespeople, as we increase the size of our sales force and train our new salespeople; 

clients procurement processes, including their evaluation of competing products and services; 

evolving client demands; and 

competitive conditions. 

Further, some of our potential clients may undertake a significant evaluation and negotiation process due to size, organizational structure and approval requirements, all of which can lengthen our sales cycle. We may also face unexpected deployment challenges or more complicated deployment of our solution. These clients may demand additional features, support services and pricing concessions or require additional security management or control features. We may spend substantial time, effort and money on sales efforts to our potential clients without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. As a result, it is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will make a sale to a potential client or if we can increase sales to our existing clients. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Our failure to comply with the export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and various international jurisdictions could result in legal liability and adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 
 Our business activities are subject to various export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the U.S. Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control s trade and economic sanctions programs, the United Nations Security Council, and other laws and regulations of a similar nature administered and enforced by relevant government authorities (collectively, Trade Controls ). Such Trade Controls may prohibit or restrict our ability to, directly or indirectly, conduct activities or dealings in or with certain countries, as well as with individuals or entities that are the subject of Trade Controls-related prohibitions and restrictions. For example, our ability to procure items necessary for our business activities could be adversely impacted by the imposition of export or sanctions-related prohibitions or restrictions on our contractual counterparties. Similarly, our sales of certain commodities, software 
 45 
 
 and technology, and our provision of solutions to persons located outside the United States may be subject to certain regulatory prohibitions, restrictions or other requirements, including certain licensing or reporting requirements. Similarly, our ability to procure such items necessary for our business activities could be adversely impacted by the imposition of export or sanctions-related prohibitions or restrictions on our contractual counterparties. Our failure to successfully comply with applicable Trade Controls may expose us to negative legal and business consequences, including civil or criminal penalties, government investigations, disgorgement of profits, injunctions and suspension or debarment from government contracts, other remedial measures, and reputational harm. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. 
 
 Although we have implemented compliance policies and internal procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable Trade Controls, we cannot assure compliance by our employees or representatives for which we may be held responsible, and any such violation could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our failure to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the United States and various international jurisdictions could adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 
 Doing business on a worldwide basis requires us to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which may include the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as well as the laws of the countries where we do business. These laws and regulations apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. Where they apply, the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act prohibit us and our officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on our behalf, including joint venture partners and agents, from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The U.K. Bribery Act also prohibits non-governmental commercial bribery and accepting bribes. As part of our business, we may deal with governments and state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act. We also are subject to the jurisdiction of various governments and regulatory agencies around the world, which may bring our personnel and agents into contact with foreign officials responsible for issuing or renewing permits, licenses or approvals or for enforcing other governmental regulations. In addition, some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. 
 
 Our global operations expose us to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, anti-corruption laws and regulations. Our failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to reputational harm as well as significant sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions and suspension or debarment from government contracts, as well as other remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. Despite our compliance efforts and activities, we cannot assure compliance by our employees or representatives for which we may be held responsible, and any such violation could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The legal industry is highly regulated and we are or may become subject to a wide range of foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and any failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The legal industry is and will continue to be subject to extensive and evolving U.S. federal, state and foreign laws, rules and regulations, including the rules and regulations of the organizations and other authorities governing the legal profession in the jurisdictions in which we or our clients operate. These laws, rules and regulations can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For example, in the United States, each state has adopted laws, regulations and codes of ethics that provide for the licensure of attorneys, generally grant licensed attorneys the exclusive right to practice law in that state and place restrictions upon the activities of licensed attorneys. As a company, we are not authorized to practice law. In the United States, we may not provide legal advice to our clients, primarily because we do not meet the ethical and regulatory requirements, present in nearly every U.S. jurisdiction, of being exclusively owned by licensed attorneys. Although we believe that our operations are either compliant with, or not subject to, these and other regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions in which we or our clients 
 46 
 
 operate, regulators or other authorities of such jurisdictions could disagree. In such circumstances, regulators may enjoin our operations, subject us to rules governing conflicts of interests, require registration, seek to impose punitive fines or sanctions or take other disciplinary actions against us, our employees or our clients, any of which may inhibit our ability to do business in those jurisdictions. In addition, we are subject to regulations and laws specifically governing the internet and the collection, storage, processing, transfer and other use of personal information and other client data. We are also subject to laws and regulations involving taxes, import/export, privacy and data security, anti-spam, content protection, electronic contracts and communications, mobile communications, unencumbered internet access to our products and solutions, the design and operation of websites and internet neutrality. Any failure to comply with these rules and regulations, or any allegations of our failure to comply whether or not we believe they have merit, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The foregoing description of laws, rules and regulations to which we are or may be subject is not exhaustive and the regulatory framework governing our operations is subject to evolving interpretations and continuous change. Moreover, if we expand into additional jurisdictions, we will be subject to additional laws and regulations. 
 
 Litigation and other legal and regulatory claims and proceedings could have an adverse effect on us. 
 
 From time to time we have been and may in the future be involved in litigation and other legal and regulatory claims or proceedings that arise in and outside the ordinary course of business, some of which could be material. We expect that the number, frequency and significance of these matters may increase as our business continues to expand, including entering new jurisdictions, and we grow as a company. In addition to the types of claims discussed in elsewhere in Legal and Regulatory Risks, we have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims involving commercial disputes, intellectual property matters, labor and employment matters, such as complaints filed with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or claims brought under the Fair Labor Standards Act, and other matters. We may also be exposed to potential claims arising from the conduct of our employees for which we may be liable. In addition to more general litigation, because of the nature of our business and the fact that most client projects utilizing our offerings are legal matters, at times we are also a named party in these matters because of the use of our services and solutions, including with respect to billing matters. 
 
 Any legal or regulatory claims against us or investigation into our business, whether meritorious or not, can be time consuming, result in significant legal and other expenses, require significant amounts of management s time and divert significant operational resources. Class action lawsuits are often particularly burdensome given the breadth of claims, large potential damages and significant defense costs. Claims and proceedings can also impact client confidence and the general public s perception of our company, even if the underlying allegations are proven false. 
 
 While we from time to time establish legal reserves that we believe to be reasonable under the facts known, the outcomes of litigation and other legal and regulatory claims and proceedings are often hard to reliably predict, making the timing and amount of any reserves difficult to determine and, if a reserve is established, often subject to future revision. Although we carry general liability insurance coverage, our insurance may not cover all potential losses to which we may be subject as a result of litigation and other claims. Any claims or proceedings, particularly those in which we are unsuccessful or for which we did not establish adequate reserves or are not adequately insured, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by one or more 5 shareholders (as defined under U.S. income tax laws) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules apply under state tax laws. We believe it is possible that we may experience an ownership change in the future as a result of future offerings or subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are outside our control, in which case we may be limited in our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets to reduce taxes owed on the net taxable income that we earn. If finalized, Treasury Regulations 
 47 
 
 currently proposed under Section 382 of the Code may further limit our ability to utilize our pre-change NOL and tax credit carryforwards if we undergo such an ownership change. See Note 13 Income Taxes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate or challenges by tax authorities could adversely affect our future results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the allocation of our pre-tax earnings and losses among countries with differing statutory tax rates, in certain non-deductible expenses as a result of acquisitions, in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or in federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws and accounting principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents. Increases in our effective tax rate would adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by various tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The application of tax laws in such jurisdictions may be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities in these jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. 
 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect additional sales and use taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We have not historically filed sales and use tax returns or collected sales and use taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable. Taxing authorities may seek to impose such taxes on us, including for past sales, which could result in penalties and interest. Any such tax assessments may adversely affect the results of our operations. 
 
 Taxing authorities could reallocate our taxable income among our subsidiaries, which could increase our consolidated tax liability. 
 
 We conduct integrated operations internationally through subsidiaries in various tax jurisdictions pursuant to transfer pricing arrangements between our subsidiaries and between our subsidiaries and us. If two or more affiliated companies are located in different countries, the tax laws or regulations of each country generally require that transfer prices be the same as those between unrelated companies dealing at arm s length and that contemporaneous documentation is maintained to support the transfer prices. While we believe that we operate in compliance with applicable transfer pricing laws and intend to continue to do so, our transfer pricing procedures are not binding on applicable tax authorities. If tax authorities in any of these countries were to successfully challenge our transfer prices as not reflecting arms length transactions, they could require us to adjust our transfer prices and thereby reallocate our income to reflect these revised transfer prices, which could result in a higher tax liability to us. Such reallocations may subject us to interest and penalties that would increase our consolidated tax liability and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks Related to our Substantial Indebtedness 
 
 Our substantial levels of indebtedness, a significant portion of which could mature as early as June 2024, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 539.6 million of indebtedness, including 244.8 million in the form of convertible debentures due December 2024 (the Debentures and 294.8 million under the 2021 Credit Agreement that matures on February 8, 2026, unless the Debentures are outstanding six months prior to the December 19, 2024 maturity date thereof, in which case the 2021 Credit Agreement matures on June 19, 2024. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Additionally, under our credit facility, we may borrow up to 50 million in the form of delayed draw term loans and, 
 48 
 
 subject to outstanding letters of credit, up to 40 million under our revolving credit facility, as described in Note 7 Long term debt in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences to us and our investors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund operations, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, joint ventures or other future business opportunities; 

exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates on our borrowings under our credit facility, which is at variable rates of interest; 

limiting flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, market conditions and the competitive environment, placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged; and 

limiting our ability to borrow additional funds and increasing the cost of any such borrowing. 

In addition, as our indebtedness matures in 2024, or if we are unable to service our high level of indebtedness, we may need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness, sell material assets or operations or raise additional debt or equity capital. We may not be able to effect any of these actions on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and these actions may not be sufficient to meet our capital requirements. Furthermore, we may not be able to invest in our business and as a result, we may not be able to achieve our forecasted results of operation. 
 
 Our ability to make payments on debt, to repay existing or future indebtedness when due, to fund operations and significant planned capital expenditures and to support our growth strategy will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to produce cash from operations is, and will be, subject to a number of risks, including those described above in Risks Related to Our Business and Industry and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Our ability to repay debt will also depend on external factors that are outside of our control, including economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. If we are unable to make required interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, it would result in an event of default under the agreements governing such indebtedness, which may result in the acceleration of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness and foreclosure on the assets that secure such indebtedness. 
 
 Although our debt agreements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the amount of indebtedness that could be incurred in the future in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial, thereby exacerbating the risks associated with our high level of indebtedness. 
 
 Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information on our indebtedness, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources , and Note 7 Long term debt in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 

The terms and covenants in our existing indebtedness restricts our ability to engage in some business and financial transactions, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our senior secured credit facility and the instruments governing our Debentures have restrictive covenants that limit our and our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 
 pay dividends, redeem capital stock and make other restricted payments and investments; 

49 
 
 sell assets or merge, consolidate, or transfer all or substantially all of our subsidiaries assets; 

engage in certain transactions with affiliates; 

incur or guarantee additional debt; 

impose dividend or other distribution restrictions on our subsidiaries; and 

create liens on our subsidiaries assets. 

In addition, our credit facility contains a financial maintenance covenant that, among other things, requires the loan parties to not exceed a specified net leverage ratio tested at the end of each quarter. Among other things, we may not be able to borrow money under our credit facility if we are unable to comply with the financial and other covenants included therein. Our credit facility also contains certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default (including, among other things, an event of default upon a change of control). If an event of default occurs, our lenders will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under our credit facility and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. 
 
 Any future debt that we incur may contain additional and more restrictive negative covenants and financial maintenance covenants. These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain debt financing, repurchase stock, pay dividends, refinance or pay principal on our outstanding debt, complete acquisitions for cash or debt or react to changes in our operating environment or the economy. 
 
 Our failure to comply with obligations under our credit facility or the agreements governing the Debentures or any future indebtedness may result in an event of default under the applicable agreement. A default, if not cured or waived, may permit acceleration of some or all of our other indebtedness and trigger other termination and similar rights under other contracts. We cannot be certain that we will be able to remedy any defaults and, if our indebtedness is accelerated, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds available to pay the accelerated indebtedness or that we will have the ability to refinance the accelerated indebtedness on terms favorable to us or at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 See Note 7 Long term debt in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 
 There is currently no active public market for our common stock and an active, liquid and orderly trading market for our common stock may not develop or be maintained. 
 
 Our common stock currently trades in over-the-counter markets and is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheet Market under the ticker symbol KLDI. An active, liquid and orderly trading market for our common stock may not develop or be maintained . Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the following: 
 
 the likelihood that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained; 

the liquidity of any such market; 

the ability of our stockholders to sell their shares of common stock; or 

the price that our stockholders may obtain for their common stock. 

On December 19, 2019 we received notification from the NYSE regarding the delisting of our common stock following consummation of the Business Combination for failing to meet the listing requirement to have 400 minimum round lot shareholders (holders of 100 shares or more) and, on January 7, 2020, our common stock was delisted. If an active market for our common stock with meaningful trading volume does not develop in the future or is not maintained for any reason, the market price of our common stock may decline materially and you may not be able to sell your shares or get accurate price quotations on our common stock. Further, to the extent our common stock is determined to be a penny stock (an equity security with a price of less than 5.00 that is not registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems meeting certain requirements), brokers trading in our common stock would be required to adhere to different rules, possibly 
 50 
 
 resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock. Under any of these scenarios, our ability to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may also be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. The following factors, among others, could adversely affect our stock price or result in significant price or volume volatility, regardless of our actual operating performance: 
 
 actual or anticipated variations in our operating and financial performance and that of our competitors, including reserve estimates; 

changes in our industry or the markets in which we operate; 

our ability to accurately project future results and our ability to achieve those or meet the expectations of other industry and analyst forecasts; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

strategic actions, including acquisitions, or investments by us or our competitors; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

sales of our common stock by us, our directors or officers or the perception that such sales may occur; 

changes in key management personnel; 

actions by our stockholders, including sales of large blocks of our common stock; 

general macroeconomic and political conditions, including an economic slowdown, increased interest rates or inflation; 

new or changes to existing legislation or other regulatory developments that affect us, or our industry or our markets; 

short selling of our common stock or related derivative securities or hedging activities; and 

the realization of any risks described in this Risk Factors section or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The stock markets in general have experienced extreme price and volume volatility often unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and other companies in our industry, often without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results, financial condition and reputation. In addition, the Business Combination resulted in our merging with a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, which can cause additional volatility in the price of our common stock. We expect that the price of our common stock and of that of SPACs in general may be more volatile compared to the stock price of an operating company. Therefore, factors that have little or nothing to do with us could cause the price and trading volume of our common stock to fluctuate, and these fluctuations or any fluctuations related to our company could cause the market price of our common stock to decline materially. 
 
 Our stock price may be exposed to additional risks because our business became a public company through a de-SPAC transaction. Recently, there has been increased focus by government agencies and plaintiff firms on transactions such as the Business Combination, and we expect that increased focus to continue, and we may be subject to increased scrutiny by the SEC and other government agencies and holders or former holders of our securities as a result, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 
 51 
 
 The coverage of our business or our common stock by securities or industry analysts or the absence thereof could adversely affect our stock price and trading volume. 
 The market for our common stock will be influenced in part by the research and other reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us or our business or industry. We do not currently have, and may never obtain, research coverage by industry or financial analysts. If no or few analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price and volume of our stock would likely be negatively impacted. If analysts do cover us and one or more of them downgrade our stock, or if they issue other unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or inaccurate research, our stock price would likely decline. Furthermore, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets. Any of the foregoing would likely cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity securities without stockholder approval, which would dilute existing ownership interests and may depress the market price of our common stock. 
 We have warrants outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 29,350,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. To the extent the price of our common stock rises above the exercise price of these warrants and they are exercised, an existing stockholder s investment in the company will be diluted. Further, the warrants that were issued in a private placement concurrent with the consummation of the IPO, or the Private Warrants, can be exercised on a cashless basis, meaning we would not receive any cash proceeds in connection with any such exercise. We also may issue an aggregate of 2,200,000 shares of common stock to certain of our stockholders if the reported closing sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 13.50 per share for any 20 consecutive trading days during the five-year period following the closing of the Business Combination on December 19, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, 11,760,678 shares of common stock were reserved under the 2019 Plan, of which 2,145,118 shares of common stock remained available for issuance. We have filed registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act registering these shares under our 2019 Plan and outstanding awards issued under our 2019 Plan. Subject to the terms of the awards pursuant to which these shares have been or may be granted, and except for shares held by affiliates who will be subject to the resale restrictions described below, the shares issuable pursuant to awards granted under our stock incentive plans will be available for sale in the public market immediately. 
 
 Additionally, in the event we voluntarily prepay all or a portion of the Debentures prior to maturity, the holders of such prepaid Debentures will have the right to purchase shares of our common stock in amount commensurate in value to the pre-payment at a price of 18 per share, subject to adjustment. The holders of the Debentures also have the option to convert the Debentures into shares of our common stock at the same price at any time. The number of shares that may be issued in such a circumstance cannot be determined at this time. We may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions or repayment of outstanding indebtedness, without stockholder approval, in a number of circumstances. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank would dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements available to us could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and, for as long as we continue to be either, we intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, including, but not limited to: including only two years of audited financial statements in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Securities Act registration statements; not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding our business, executive compensation, corporate governance and other matters in our registration statements, periodic reports and proxy statements; and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised 
 52 
 
 accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have chosen to opt in to this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards and, as a result, we are not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that comply with such new or revised standards on a non-delayed basis. We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the IPO, which occurs in February 2024; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year during which our total annual gross revenues are 1.235 billion or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) both our annual revenue is 100 million or more during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is 700 million or more as of the last business day of our second fiscal quarter of that year. We will cease being a smaller reporting company as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of any fiscal year on which either (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is 250.0 million or more as of such date or (ii) both our annual revenue was 100 million or more during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is 700 million or more as of such date. However, we may continue relying on the reduced reporting requirements of smaller reporting companies through the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year in which we no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company. Therefore, we may continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company even after we cease to be an emerging growth company. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we have chosen to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may decline or be more volatile. 

The trading price of our common stock may decline if our stockholders sell a large number of shares of our common stock or if we issue a large number of new shares of our common stock or shares convertible into our common stock. 
 
 A majority of our outstanding shares of common stock are held by a relatively small number of our stockholders, including one or more affiliates of the Carlyle Group, L.P., or TCG, Revolution Growth III, L.P., or Revolution Growth, and Pivotal. All shares held by our affiliates are eligible for resale in the public market, subject to applicable securities laws, including the Securities Act. Rule 144 of the Securities Act provides a safe harbor under which affiliates of an issuer may resell their securities into the public market, subject to volume limitations and other restrictions. However, TCG has the right to demand that we register its shares under the Securities Act and it and other stockholders have the right to include their shares in any registration statement that we file with the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. Any registration of these or other shares would enable those shares to be sold in the public market. A sale of a substantial number of our shares in the public market by our significant stockholders or pursuant to new issuances by us or the perception that one or more of these sales or issuances could occur could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 

Concentration of ownership among our large stockholders and their affiliates may limit the influence of smaller stockholders on corporate decisions and the interests of such large stockholders may not align with those of the smaller stockholders. 
 
 Currently, a majority of our outstanding shares are held by a relatively small number of our stockholders, including one or more affiliates of TCG, Revolution Growth and Pivotal . Additionally, TCG and Revolution Growth have the right together to nominate for election up to six members of our Board of Directors, depending on the parties aggregate beneficial ownership of our common stock. As a result, if some of these stockholders vote in an aligned manner, they could meaningfully influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or sale of our company or its assets and make some transactions that might otherwise give our other stockholders the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock more difficult or impossible without their support. This concentration of ownership could limit the ability of other stockholders to influence corporate matters and may delay or preclude an acquisition. These stockholders may transfer significant voting blocks of our common stock to a third-party by transferring their common stock, which would not require the approval of our Board of Directors or other 
 53 
 
 stockholders. Some of these persons or entities may have interests that may materially differ from the rest of our stockholders. This concentration of ownership may also adversely affect our share price. 
 
 Additionally, TCG, Revolution Growth, Pivotal and certain current and former directors, including Kevin Griffin, and, in each case, and their respective affiliates, are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. These parties may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In recognition that representatives of these parties and their respective affiliated entities and funds may serve as members of our Board of Directors or in other capacities, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that, to the fullest extent permitted by law: (i) the parties and their respective affiliates shall not have any fiduciary duty to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business we do, (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities that are from time to time presented to these parties and their respective affiliates, even if the opportunity is one that we might reasonably be expected to pursue or would have pursued given the opportunity to do so and (iii) each of these parties and their respective affiliates shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such business opportunity to us and will not be liable to us for breach of any fiduciary or other duty, as a director or officer or otherwise, by reason of the fact that they pursue the business opportunity, direct the business opportunity to another person or fail to present the business opportunity to us; provided that the corporate opportunity was not expressly and exclusively offered to any such person in his, her or its capacity as one of our directors or officers. In the context of this waiver, a corporate opportunity will not be deemed to belong to us if it is a business opportunity that we are not financially or legally able or contractually permitted to undertake, or that is, from its nature, not in our line of business or is of no practical advantage to us or that is one in which we have no interest or reasonable expectancy. These potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if, among other things, attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by these parties to themselves or one of their respective affiliates. 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. Any determination to pay dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, projections, liquidity, earnings, legal requirements, restrictions in our credit facility, agreements governing any other indebtedness we may enter into and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. See Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Policy. Accordingly, our stockholders may need to sell their shares of our common stock to realize a return on their investment, and they may not be able to sell their shares at or above the price they paid for them. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be our stockholders sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited and we may not be able to secure additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 
 
 In order for us to grow and successfully execute our business plan, we will require additional financing. Additionally, our business and operations may consume resources faster than we anticipate. Therefore, in the future, we expect we will raise additional funds through various financings that may include the issuance of new equity securities, debt or a combination of both. However, any sale or perception of a possible sale by one or more of our significant stockholders or our other affiliates, and any related decline in the market price of our common stock, could impair our ability to raise capital. Further, additional financing, whether debt or equity, may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our capital requirements. If we issue new debt securities, the debt holders would have rights senior to stockholders to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity securities, existing stockholders will experience 
 54 
 
 dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of our future securities offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their interest. 

Other Miscellaneous Risks 
 
 Any failure to maintain an effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and stock price. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. In particular, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to furnish annually a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company, we currently avail ourselves of the exemption from the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404. However, we may no longer avail ourselves of this exemption when we cease to be both an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating. 
 
 We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. Testing and maintaining internal controls can also divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of our business. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Additionally, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. Therefore, our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. 
 
 Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls could harm our results of operations or make it more difficult to record, process, produce and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements on a timely basis as required by SEC rules, which could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, subject us to civil and criminal investigations and penalties and adversely effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

We had identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We had identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in the past and other significant deficiencies and material weaknesses may be discovered in the future. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Following the April 12, 2021 issuance of the SEC Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs and after consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm, our management and our audit committee concluded that, in light of the SEC Staff statement, the Private Warrants, which we had been accounting for as a component of equity in the 2020 and 2019 financial statements should have been recorded as a liability at fair value. The Company had determined that the errors were not material to those historical financial 
 55 
 
 statements and therefore recorded the cumulative effect of the errors on prior periods during the three months ended March 31, 2021. As part of such process, we had identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Although we believe we have remediated this material weakness, we may need to take additional measures to address the material weakness or modify remediation steps taken, and we cannot be certain that the measures we have taken, will be sufficient to address the issues identified, to ensure that our internal controls are effective or to ensure that the identified material weakness will not result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will not identify additional material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting in the future. Further, as a result of this material weakness, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K , we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains anti-takeover provisions that could adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. 
 
 Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions to limit the ability of others to acquire control of our company or cause us to engage in change-of-control transactions, including, among other things: 
 
 provisions that authorize our Board of Directors, without action by our stockholders, to issue additional shares of common stock and preferred stock with preferential rights determined by our Board of Directors; 

provisions that permit only a majority of our Board of Directors to call stockholder meetings and therefore do not permit stockholders to call stockholder meetings; 

provisions that impose advance notice requirements, minimum shareholding periods and ownership thresholds, and other requirements and limitations on the ability of stockholders to propose matters for consideration at stockholder meetings; 

provisions limiting stockholders ability to act by written consent; and 

a staggered Board of Directors whereby our directors are divided into three classes, with each class subject to retirement and re-election once every three years on a rotating basis. 

These provisions could have the effect of depriving our stockholders of an opportunity to sell their common stock at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar transaction. With our staggered Board of Directors, at least two annual or special meetings of stockholders will generally be required in order to effect a change in a majority of our directors. Our staggered Board of Directors can discourage proxy contests for the election of our directors and purchases of substantial blocks of our shares by making it more difficult for a potential acquirer to gain control of our Board of Directors in a relatively short period of time. 

Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 
 Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on 
 56 
 
 such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pro perties. 
 We do not own any properties and all of our material physical properties are occupied pursuant to either the terms of a negotiated lease or another contractual arrangement for occupation of space, such as space rental in a data center facility. 
 57 
 
 The table below presents summary information regarding our material properties as of December 31, 2022. 

Country 
 Location 
 Legal Technologies Office 
 Data Storage Technologies Office 
 Managed Review Facility 
 Data Center 
 Clean Room 

Australia 
 Brisbane 
 X 
 X 

X 

Canada 
 Toronto 
 
 X 

X 

Canada 
 Toronto 

X 

China 
 Shanghai 
 X 

France 
 Paris 
 X 
 X 

X 

France 
 Paris 

X 

Germany 
 Boblingen 
 X 
 X 

X 

Germany 
 Frankfurt 

X 

Greece 
 Athens 
 X 

Hong Kong 
 North Point 
 
 X 

X 

Hong Kong 
 Won Chai 
 X 

Ireland 
 Balleycoolin 

X 

Italy 
 Varese 
 
 X 

X 

Japan 
 Tokyo 
 X 
 X 

X 

Japan 
 Tokyo 

X 

Netherlands 
 Amersfoort 
 
 X 

X 

Norway 
 Kongsvinger 
 X 
 X 

X 

Poland 
 Katowice 
 X 
 X 
 X 
 
 X 

Switzerland 
 Wallisellen 
 
 X 

X 

United Kingdom 
 London 
 X 
 X 

X 

United Kingdom 
 Slough 

X 

United States 
 Austin, Texas 
 X 

X 

United States 
 Brooklyn Park, Minnesota 

X 

United States 
 Eden Prairie, Minnesota 
 X 
 X 
 
 X 
 X 

United States 
 Fairfax, Virginia 
 X 

Item 3. Legal P roceedings. 
 In the ordinary conduct of our business, we are subject to lawsuits, arbitrations and administrative proceedings from time to time. We vigorously defend these claims; however, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of any pending legal proceedings. We believe, based on currently available information, that the outcome of any existing or known threatened proceedings, even if determined adversely, should not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 58 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheet Market under the symbol KLDI. Our public warrants are quoted on the OTC Pink Sheet Market under the symbol KLDIW. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 55 holders of record of our common stock, and 9 holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because the shares of common stock are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote and/or dispositive power with respect to their shares. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings on our common stock will be used to provide working capital, to support our operations, and to finance the growth and development of our business, including potentially the acquisition of, or investment in, businesses, technologies or products that complement our existing business. Any future determination relating to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, liquidity, future prospects, restrictions in the agreements governing our and our subsidiaries existing and future indebtedness, Delaware law, which provides that dividends are only payable out of surplus or current net profits, and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 59 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 OVERVIEW 
 KLD is a leading global provider of eDiscovery, information governance and data recovery solutions to corporations, law firms, insurance agencies and individuals. We provide technology solutions to help our clients solve complex legal, regulatory and data challenges. We have broad geographical coverage in the eDiscovery and data recovery industries with 25 locations in 16 countries, as well as 9 data centers and 13 data recovery labs globally. Our integrated proprietary technology solutions enable the efficient and accurate collection, processing, transmission, review and/or recovery of complex and large-scale enterprise data. In conjunction with proprietary technology, we provide immediate expert consultation and 24/7/365 support wherever a customer is located worldwide, which empowers us to become a first-call partner for mission-critical, time-sensitive, or nuanced eDiscovery and data recovery challenges. We are continuously innovating to provide a more reliable, secure and seamless experience when tackling various big data volume, velocity, and veracity challenges. A key example of our purpose-built innovation is Nebula, our flagship, end-to-end artificial intelligence/machine learning, or AI/ML, powered solution that serves as a singular platform of engagement for legal data. 
 
 Key factors affecting our performance 
 
 We believe that our future growth and performance will depend on many factors, including: 
 
 Maintaining our history of product innovation 
 
 We have significantly invested in developing proprietary technology and broadening our product functionality, which we believe differentiates our offerings, drives improved user experiences, and fuels strong client retention. We plan to continue our strong history of innovation by enhancing and scaling our Nebula platform and other offerings to capture a larger percentage of the eDiscovery, data recovery, and information governance markets. Our continued growth will depend in part on our ability to develop new products and features and drive adoption of our technology among our client base. As such, we intend to increase our investment in R D and product development to support our growth. 
 
 Increased adoption of Nebula 
 
 Our long-term strategy includes pursuing widespread adoption of Nebula on a global scale. We expect the increased adoption of Nebula will enhance our business as we benefit from greater product affinity and stronger network effects. Nebula revenues also generally have higher margins than our traditional Legal Technology offerings because Nebula utilizes our own proprietary technologies. As we continue to innovate and invest in Nebula, we believe we will benefit from organic growth in client adoption and engagement. Nebula s success will depend on the continued effectiveness of our solution, the strength of our marketing and client support efforts, and competitive pricing. 
 
 Maintain and grow client base while driving greater penetration 
 
 Retaining and expanding revenues generated from existing clients, while continuing to grow the number of net new clients, are among the key drivers of our revenue growth. We believe our position as the differentiated legal technology provider with proprietary, state of the art, EDRM software combined with our white-glove services will help drive retention and support client growth. With the proliferation of enterprise data and increasing technological transformation within the legal industry, we believe there is a sizable and growing potential untapped market seeking to harness technology-based solutions like ours. By expanding our product offerings beyond eDiscovery to capture more of the information governance market and other parts of the EDRM, specifically data hosting and data processing, we believe we can drive increased product spending on our platform from existing clients. We believe that our competitive advantages enable us to effectively retain and further grow revenues derived from our existing clients as well as acquire new clients, as demonstrated by the consistent growth in our number of clients. As of December 31, 2022, we ha d 5,870 Le gal Technology clients, an increase from 5,482 as of December 31, 2021. Our product pricing, marketing efforts, and the strategies of our competitors are all factors that will influence our client retention and growth. 
 Growth in the number of matters, particularly large matters 
 60 

We continually pursue opportunities to grow the number of matters we cover, which will be an important aspect of our future growth. As the legal landscape continues to grow and evolve in complexity, we believe our proprietary technology and unique combination of technology-enabled solutions and services best position us to address the largest and most complex matters. Our ability to provide solutions that address the needs of large enterprises and the diverse and nuanced use cases they face will be an important factor in our future success. 
 
 Establishment of partner channel 
 
 In 2022, we began to build our partner channel by selling multi-year subscriptions for Nebula and leveraging and broadening our relationships with other eDiscovery providers, law firms, corporations, consulting firms and other organizations. Establishing and growing the partner channel can accelerate our growth through increased industry awareness of our offerings and improve sales efficiency. We also expect partner channel revenues to generally have higher margins than our traditional Legal Technology offerings because it is a software-only revenue stream. The extent of the success of our partner channel strategy will depend on our ability to continue to build and maintain relationships with key industry stakeholders. 
 
 Key business metrics 
 
 The following are among the key operational and financial metrics we use to measure and evaluate our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. 
 
 Clients 
 
 We have a strong track record of growing our client base, and we believe that our ability to increase the number of clients utilizing our Legal Technology solutions, including Nebula, is an important indicator of our market penetration, our business growth, and our future opportunities. 
 
 We define Legal Technology clients as each primary law firm and corporation to which we provided services in a litigation matter that we billed during the past two years. We define Nebula clients, each of which is included in the number of Legal Technology clients, as the total number of primary law firm, corporation, insurance company and service provider clients to which we provided legal technology solutions for a matter that we billed for use of our Nebula solution during the two years prior to the applicable date. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of Legal Technology clients and Nebula clients as of the dates shown: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Legal Technology clients 

5,870 

5,482 

Nebula clients 

1,593 

1,200 

Number and size of matters 
 
 We believe our ability to continuously grow the number of matters on our platform over time is an important measure of scale for our business and is indicative of our future growth prospects. 
 
 We define Legal Technology matters as the total number of matters on which our Legal Technology solutions were used in the twelve months preceding the applicable date. Matters refer to a range of activities that include collecting, tracking, analyzing, and exchanging relevant data. Legal Technology solutions currently drive the majority of our revenue, and provide the foundation for additional adoption of our proprietary technology solutions and other offerings. We define Nebula matters, which are included in the number of Legal Technology matters, as the total number of matters on which our Nebula solution was used in the twelve months preceding the applicable date. Nebula is our ecosystem of proprietary technology solutions that enables clients to collect, process, store, analyze, and govern their data on a single platform. Nebula comprises a steadily growing component of our revenue and we 
 61 
 
 expect Nebula adoption to increase and the number of Nebula matters to grow in the long term as we continue to introduce new product capabilities and cross-sell Nebula to our existing clients. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of Legal Technology matters and Nebula matters as of the dates shown: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Legal Technology matters 

8,009 

7,823 

Nebula matters 

1,175 

927 

Our comprehensive product offerings, technology-enabled service offerings and reputation as a trusted partner to our clients enable us to capture matters of large size and complexity. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 47 and 47 of Legal Technology revenue was produced by matters that generated revenues of greater than 500,000, and 77 and 77 o f our Legal Technology revenues were generated by matters of greater than 100,000 during the relevant period. 

Legal Technology net revenue retention 
 
 We calculate our Legal Technology net revenue retention rate by dividing (1) total Legal Technology revenue in the twelve-month period from accounts that generated Legal Technology revenue during the corresponding immediately preceding twelve-month period by (2) total Legal Technology revenue in the immediately preceding twelve-month period generated from those same accounts. Our Legal Technology net revenue retention rate includes revenue from use of Nebula. 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Legal Technology net revenue retention 
 
 94 
 
 107 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Legal Technology revenue was 282.8 million and 276.3 million, respectively, and our data recovery revenue was 34.6 million and 44.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Our Legal Technology net revenue retention rate is impacted by our usage-based pricing model, and revenue could fluctuate in any given period due to frequency of matters, client upsell, cross-sell, and churn. We believe global macroeconomic challenges, including inflation and the war in Ukraine, had a significant adverse impact on the Company and the overall market in 2022. Large jobs were delayed and significant revenue opportunities that we typically rely on were not as abundant as we expected. Our revenues increased during the fourth quarter of the year as we saw an uptick in large jobs. In the long-term, we plan to increase our net revenue retention rate by increasing the number of solutions that we sell on a subscription-basis, as well as broadening the scope of our Nebula offerings, to promote strong product adoption. As we expand our products beyond eDiscovery to other information governance solutions such as big data hosting and processing, including through Nebula, we expect clients to leverage our technology earlier in the data lifecycle, providing further opportunity for us to increase our product and service penetration and client retention. Furthermore, we plan to establish and broaden our channel partnerships over time and leverage these strong relationships to further our awareness of our products and overall usage within the industry. 
 62 
 
 KEY COMPONENTS OF OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Revenue 
 
 The Company primarily generates revenue from selling solutions that fall into the following categories: 
 
 (1) Legal Technology, including Nebula and our expansive suite of technology solutions, such as our end-to-end eDiscovery technology solutions, managed review solutions, collections, processing, analytics, hosting, production, and professional services; and 

(2) Data recovery solutions, which provides data restoration, data erasure and data management services. 

The Company generates the majority of its revenues by providing Legal Technology solutions to our clients. Most of the Company s eDiscovery contracts are time and materials types of arrangements, while others are subscription-based, fixed-fee arrangements. 
 
 Time and materials arrangements are based on units of data stored or processed. Unit-based revenues are recognized as services are provided, based on either the amount of data stored or processed, the number of concurrent users accessing the information or the number of pages or images processed for a client, at agreed upon per unit rates. The Company recognizes revenues for these arrangements utilizing a right-to-invoice practical expedient because it has a contractual right to consideration for services completed to date. 
 
 Certain of the Company s eDiscovery contracts are subscription-based, fixed fee arrangements, which have tiered pricing based on the quantity of data hosted. For a fixed monthly fee, the Company s clients receive a variety of optional eDiscovery solutions, which are included in addition to the data hosting. The Company recognizes revenues for these arrangements based on predetermined monthly fees as determined in its contractual agreements, utilizing a right-to-invoice practical expedient because the Company has a contractual right to consideration for services completed to date. 
 
 Other eDiscovery agreements are time and material arrangements that require the client to pay us based on the number of hours worked at contractually agreed-upon rates. The Company recognizes revenues for these arrangements based on hours incurred and contracted rates utilizing a right-to-invoice practical expedient because it has a contractual right to consideration for services completed to date. 
 
 Data recovery engagements are mainly fixed fee arrangements requiring the client to pay a pre-established fee in exchange for the successful completion of such engagement on a predetermined device. For the recovery performed by the Company s technicians, the revenue is recognized at a point in time, when the recovered data is sent to the customer. 
 
 Data erasure engagements are also fixed fee arrangements for which revenue is recognized at a point in time when the certificate of erasure is sent to the customer. 
 
 The Company offers term license subscriptions to Ontrack PowerControls software to customers with on-premises installations of the software pursuant to contracts that are historically one to four years in length. The term license subscriptions include maintenance and support, as well as access to future software upgrades and patches. The license and the additional support services are deemed to be one performance obligation, and thus revenue for these arrangements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Legal Technology revenue was 282.8 million and 276.3 million, respectively, and our data recovery revenue was 34.6 million and 44.1 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Legal Technology revenue from our technology solutions other than Nebula was 254.4 million and 250.4 million, respectively, and revenue from Nebula was 28.4 million and 25.9 million, respectively. 
 
 We currently expect non-Nebula Legal Technology revenues to remain relatively consistent over time and that Nebula revenue will continue to accelerate, with Nebula growing as a larger percentage of the mix of total revenue over time. 
 63 

Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of technology infrastructure costs, personnel costs and amortization of capitalized developed technology costs. Infrastructure costs include hardware, software, occupancy and cloud costs to support our legal technology and data recovery solutions. Personnel costs include salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation as well as costs associated with document reviewers which are variable based on managed review revenue. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our infrastructure to expand the capability of solutions and enable our customers to realize the full benefit of our solutions. The level, timing and relative investment in our cloud infrastructure could affect our cost of revenue in the future. Additionally, cost of revenue in future periods could be impacted by fluctuations in document reviewer costs associated with managed review revenue. 

Operating expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, general and administrative and amortization and depreciation expenses. Personnel costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation and sales commissions. Operating expenses also include occupancy, software expense and professional services. We intend to continue to increase our investment in research and development to further develop our proprietary technology and support further penetration and adoption of our offerings, including our end-to-end Nebula platform, including through hiring additional personnel. We expect these investments to cause research and development expense to slightly increase over the prior year, while staying fairly consistent as a percentage of revenue in 2023 and thereafter. We expect sales and marketing expense to decline in the next year as we realize the full year benefits of the optimization of data recovery personnel as we unified our inbound and business development teams. The optimization of personnel combined with anticipated increased revenue will result in slightly decreasing sales and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue in the next year and normalizing as a percentage of revenues thereafter. We also expect general and administrative expense to decrease in the next year due to savings associated with the consolidation of our real estate footprint, as well as vacated lease costs and public offering costs that are not expected to recur in 2023. General and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue is expected to decline over time due to our ability to scale as revenues increase and as a result of historical cost-cutting measures. 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest payments and accruals relating to outstanding borrowings. We expect interest expense to vary each reporting period depending on the amount of outstanding borrowings and prevailing interest rates. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Provision 
 Income tax (benefit) provision is primarily related to foreign tax activity and U.S. deferred taxes for tax deductible goodwill and other indefinite-lived liabilities. We maintain a valuation allowance on our federal and state deferred tax assets as we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that the deferred assets will be utilized. 

Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures 
 We prepare financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We also disclose and discuss other non-U.S. GAAP financial measures such as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Our management believes that these measures are relevant and provide useful supplemental information to investors by providing a baseline for evaluating and comparing our operating performance against that of other companies in our industry. 
 
 Our management believes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reflect our ongoing operating performance because the isolation of non-cash charges, such as amortization and depreciation, and other items, such as interest, income taxes, equity compensation, acquisition and transaction costs, restructuring costs, systems establishment and costs 
 64 
 
 associated with strategic initiatives which are incurred outside the ordinary course of our business, provides information about our cost structure and helps us to track our operating progress. We encourage investors and potential investors to carefully review our U.S. GAAP financial measures and compare them with our EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. The non-U.S. GAAP financial measures that we use may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies and in the future, we may disclose different non-U.S. GAAP financial measures in order to help our investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our results of operations to our previously reported results of operations or to those of other companies in our industry. 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define EBITDA as net income (loss) plus interest (income) expense, income tax expense (benefit), extinguishment of debt, impairment losses, and depreciation and amortization. We view adjusted EBITDA as an operating performance measure and as such, we believe that the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure is net loss. In calculating adjusted EBITDA, we exclude from net loss certain items that we believe are not reflective of our ongoing business as the exclusion of these items allows us to provide additional analysis of the financial components of the day-to-day operation of our business. We have outlined below the type and scope of these exclusions: 
 Acquisition, financing and transaction costs generally represent earn-out payments, rating agency fees and letter of credit and revolving facility fees, as well as professional service fees and direct expenses related to acquisitions and public offerings. Because we do not acquire businesses or effect financings on a regular or predictable cycle, we do not consider the amount of these costs to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 

Stock compensation and other primarily represent portions of compensation paid to our employees and executives through stock-based instruments. Determining the fair value of the stock-based instruments involves a high degree of judgment and estimation and the expenses recorded may not align with the actual value realized upon the future exercise or termination of the related stock-based awards. Additionally, stock compensation is a non-cash expense. Therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation to better understand the long-term performance of our core business. 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants relates to changes in the fair market value of the Private Warrants issued in conjunction with the Business Combination. We do not consider the amount to be representative of a component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 

Restructuring costs generally represent non-ordinary course costs incurred in connection with a change in a contract or a change in the makeup of our personnel often related to an acquisition, such as severance payments, recruiting fees and retention charges. We do not consider the amount of restructuring costs to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 

Systems establishment costs relate to non-ordinary course expenses incurred to develop our IT infrastructure, including system automation and enterprise resource planning system implementation. We do not consider the amount to be representative of a component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 

Our presentation of adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by any of these adjustments, or that our projections and estimates will be realized in their entirety or at all. In addition, because of these limitations, adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of liquidity or discretionary cash available to us to fund our cash needs, including investing in the growth of our business and meeting our obligations. 
 
 The use of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA instead of U.S. GAAP measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations and operating cash flows as reported under U.S. GAAP. For example, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA do not reflect: 
 our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures; 

65 
 
 changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 

interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our indebtedness; 

any cash income taxes that we may be required to pay; 

any cash requirements for replacements of assets that are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful lives and may have to be replaced in the future; or 

all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in our statements of cash flows. 

See Results of Operations below for reconciliations of adjusted EBITDA to net loss. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s Business 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and cause significant macroeconomic uncertainty as well as uncertainty within our business and industry. We have taken proactive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers, consistent with governmental guidelines. 
 
 The Company modified employee travel and work locations, and cancelled certain events, among other actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2020, the Company implemented a salary exchange program pursuant to which certain employees took a temporary reduction in salary through December 31, 2020 ranging from 2 to 20 in exchange for grants of an aggregate of 417,673 stock options and 211,207 RSUs. In December 2020, the Company extended the salary exchange program for the Company s named executive officers and for the position of Vice-President and higher but did not issue any additional stock options or restricted stock units, or RSUs, in connection with the salary exchange program. As of June 2021, the Company ended the salary exchange program. The Company will continue to actively monitor the situation and may reinstate certain of the measures described above or take further actions that alter its business operations, including actions as required by federal, state or local authorities or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers, partners, suppliers and stockholders. Due to the evolving situation and the uncertainties as to the scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business may be impacted in ways that we cannot predict. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the President signed into U.S. federal law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, to provide emergency assistance and health care for individuals, families, and businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and generally support the U.S. economy. The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, deferment of employer-side social security payments, NOL carryback periods, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. In particular, under the CARES Act, (i) for taxable years beginning before 2021, NOL carryforwards and carrybacks may offset 100 of taxable income, (ii) NOLs arising in the 2018, 2019, and 2020 taxable years may be carried back to each of the preceding five years to generate a refund and (iii) for taxable years beginning in 2019 and 2020, the base for interest deductibility was increased from 30 to 50 of taxable income. As permitted under the CARES Act, the Company deferred 4.0 million of payroll taxes due in 2020, of which 2.0 million was paid in December 2021 and 2.0 was paid in December 2022. The President has announced that the current public health emergency declaration will end on May 11, 2023. 
 
 66 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The results for the periods shown below should be reviewed in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

For The Years Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenues 

317.4 

320.5 

Cost of revenues 

165.4 

164.0 

Gross profit 

152.0 

156.5 

Operating expenses 

139.9 

161.8 

Income (loss) from operations 

12.1 

(5.3) 

Interest expense 

54.7 

50.4 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 

(1.2) 

(2.0) 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

7.3 

Other expense 

0.1 

0.0 

Loss before income taxes 

(41.5) 

(61.0) 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

1.7 

(0.5) 

Net loss 

(43.2) 

(60.5) 

Total other comprehensive income, net of tax 

(6.9) 

(4.5) 

Comprehensive loss 

(50.1) 

(65.0) 

For The Years Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(43.2) 

(60.5) 

Interest expense 

54.7 

50.4 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

1.7 

(0.5) 

Extinguishment of debt 

7.3 

Impairment of intangible asset 

22.5 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

31.2 

38.0 

EBITDA (1) 

44.4 

57.2 

Acquisition, financing and transaction costs 

5.8 

2.7 

Stock compensation and other 

5.3 

4.2 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 

(1.2) 

(2.0) 

Restructuring costs 

2.8 

1.0 

Systems establishment 

1.0 

2.1 

Adjusted EBITDA (1) 

58.1 

65.2 

(1) EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP measures. See Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures. 

67 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenues decreased by 3.1 million, or 1.0 , to 317.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 320.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This is due to decreased data recovery revenue of 9.5 million. This decrease was partially offset by increased Legal Technology revenue of 6.5 million, including an increase of 2.5 million from Nebula. The increase in Legal Technology revenue is due to the higher volume of matters, while the decrease in data recovery revenue is due to a lower volume of large jobs due to global macroeconomic challenges, including inflation and the war in Ukraine, which had a significant impact on the Company and the overall market. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues increased by 1.4 million, or 0.9 , to 165.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 164.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily due to increased payroll benefits of approximately 1.4 million due to increased health care claims, increased software and hardware expense of 0.6 million, and increased severance expense of 0.8 million, partially offset by decreased outsourced managed review labor expense of 1.5 million, and decreased wages of 0.9 million. In addition, amortization expense increased by 0.8 million as new internally developed software intangible assets were placed into service in 2022. As a percentage of revenue, our cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 slightly increased to 52.1 as compared to 51.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was due to the lower revenue and the factors noted above. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit decreased by 4.5 million, or 2.9 , to 152.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 156.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit decreased primarily due to the factors noted above. As a percentage of revenue, our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased slightly to 47.9 as compared to 48.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses decreased by 21.9 million, or 13.5 , to 139.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 161.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is due to the 22.5 million impairment charge recorded in 2021 associated with our intangible assets and decreased depreciation and amortization expense of 8.1 million due to more assets becoming fully depreciated. These decreases were partially offset by vacated lease costs of 1.9 million more than the prior year associated with the consolidation of our real estate footprint, the write off of 1.1 million of previously deferred costs incurred in 2021 related to a cancelled public offering planned for 2022, increased personnel expense in research and development of 3.0 million, and increased sales and marketing of 2.7 million due to planned investment in personnel. As a percentage of revenue, our operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to 44.1 as compared to 50.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the factors noted above. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased by 4.3 million, or 8.5 , to 54.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 50.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The majority of this increase in interest expense is due to an increase in the variable interest rate on the borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement, which resulted in a 3.0 million increase in interest expense, and an increase in the debt balance due to paid-in-kind interest on our Debentures which resulted in a 0.3 million increase in interest expense. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of 7.3 million in connection with the retirement of the credit agreement originally entered into in 2016 and the related revolving credit facility. 
 68 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Private Warrants 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company determined that the Private Warrants, which had historically been accounted for as a component of equity, should be reclassified and recorded as a liability at fair value during each reporting period. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an adjustment to the Private Warrants liability of 1.2 million and 2.0 million, respectively. 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Provision 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded an income tax provision of 1.7 million and a benefit of (0.5) million, respectively, resulting in an effective tax rate of (4.1 and 0.8 , respectively. T hese effective tax rates differ from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the effects of foreign tax rate differences, U.S. state and local income taxes and the valuation allowance against our domestic deferred tax assets. The effective rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the impairment charge recorded in 2021 associated with our intangible assets due to the termination of our license to use the Kroll Ontrack and KrolLDiscovery tradenames, which caused a change in the allocation of our pre-tax earnings and losses among countries with differing statutory tax rates. 
 A valuation allowance has been established against our net U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards. As a result, our income tax provision is primarily related to foreign taxes and U.S. deferred taxes for tax deductible goodwill and other indefinite-lived liabilities. 
 We reported pre-tax loss of (41.5) million during the year ended December 31, 2022 with an effective tax rate of (4.1 ), resulting in a 1.7 million income tax provision. The effective tax rate was primarily impacted by our valuation allowance, which caused an increase in the tax provision of 8.3 million. Without this item, our effective tax rate would have been approximately 16.0 , which is lower than the statutory tax rate of 21.0 , primarily due to the effects of foreign tax rate differences, U.S. state taxes and certain permanent items. 
 We reported pre-tax loss of (61.0) million during the year ended December 31, 2021 with an effective tax rate of 0.8 , resulting in a (0.5) million income tax provision. The effective tax rate was primarily impacted by our valuation allowance, which caused a decrease in the tax benefit of 11.0 million. Without this item, our effective tax rate would have been approximately 18.8 , which is lower than the statutory tax rate of 21.0 , primarily due to the effects of foreign tax rate differences, U.S. state taxes and certain permanent items. 
 Net Loss 
 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (43.2) million compared to (60.5) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loss decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the factors noted above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary cash needs have been to meet debt service requirements and to fund working capital and capital expenditures. We fund these requirements from cash generated by our operations, as well as funds available under our revolving credit facility discussed below. We may also seek to access the capital markets opportunistically from time-to-time depending on, among other things, financial market conditions. Although our eDiscovery solutions and information archiving services are billed on a monthly basis in arrears with amounts typically due within 30 to 45 days, the eDiscovery industry tends towards longer collectability trends. As a result, we have typically collected the majority of our eDiscovery accounts receivable within 90 to 120 days, which is consistent within the industry. With respect to our data recovery services, they are billed as the services are provided, with payments due within 30 days of billing. We typically collect our data recovery services accounts receivables within 30 to 45 days. Lastly, the majority of our data recovery software is billed monthly in advance with amounts typically due within 30 to 45 days; however, depending on the client contract, billing can occur annually, quarterly or monthly. Long outstanding receivables are not uncommon due to the nature of our Legal Technology services as litigation cases can continue for years, and in certain instances, our collections are delayed until the customer has received payment for their services in connection with a legal matter or the case has been settled. These long-outstanding invoices are a function of the industry in which we operate, rather than indicative of an inability to collect. We have experienced 
 69 
 
 no material seasonality trends as it relates to collection of our accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022, we had 32.6 million in cash compared to 46.5 million as of December 31, 2021. We expect to finance our operations over the next 12 months primarily through existing cash balances and cash flow from operating activities. 
 
 Our Debentures mature in December 2024 and our Initial Term Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans mature on February 8, 2026, unless the Debentures are outstanding six months prior to the December 19, 2024 maturity date thereof, in which case the loans outstanding under the 2021 Credit Agreement mature on June 19, 2024. Our ability to refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms, or at all, will depend on, among other things, our financial performance and credit ratings, general economic factors, including inflation and then-current interest rates, the condition of the credit and capital markets and other events, some of which may be beyond our control. 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 On February 8, 2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company, or the Loan Parties, entered into a new secured credit agreement, or the 2021 Credit Agreement. Proceeds were used to pay in full all outstanding loans and terminate all lending commitments under the 2016 credit agreement discussed below. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement provides for (i) initial term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 300 million, or the Initial Term Loans, (ii) delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 50 million, or the Delayed Draw Term Loans, and (iii) revolving credit loans in an aggregate principal amount of 40 million, with a letter of credit sublimit of 10 million, or the Revolving Credit Loans. The Delayed Draw Term Loans are available to the Loan Parties at any time prior to February 8, 2023, subject to certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans. 
 
 The Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans bear interest, at the Loan Parties option, at the rate of (x) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement) with a 1.0 floor, plus 6.50 per annum, or (y) with respect to Base Rate Loans (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), the Base Rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement) plus 5.50 per annum. The Revolving Credit Loans bear interest, at our option, at the rate of (x) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate plus 4.00 per annum, or (y) with respect to Base Rate Loans, the Base Rate plus 3.00 per annum. The Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans amortize at a rate of 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans outstanding, payable in consecutive quarterly installments of 0.8 million, beginning on June 30, 2021. On December 31, 2022, the balance due was 294.8 million with an interest rate of 6.50 plus an Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate of approximately 4.73 . On December 31, 2021, the balance due was 297.8 million with an interest rate of 6.50 plus an Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate of 1.00 . 
 
 The Initial Term Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans are each scheduled to mature on February 8, 2026, unless the Debentures are outstanding six months prior to the December 19, 2024 maturity date thereof, in which case the loans outstanding under the 2021 Credit Agreement mature on June 19, 2024. The Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans may be voluntarily repaid at any time, but may be subject to a prepayment premium. The Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans are required to be repaid under certain circumstances, including with Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), the proceeds of an Asset Sale or Casualty Event (each as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement) and the proceeds of certain refinancing indebtedness. 
 
 The obligations under the 2021 Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Loan Parties assets. The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as a financial maintenance covenant that requires the Loan Parties to maintain a First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement) of less than or equal to 7.00 to 1.00, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter. The Company was in compliance with all Credit Agreement covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 70 
 
 Revolving Credit Loans 
 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement also provides for the Revolving Credit Loans, an unfunded revolver commitment for borrowing up to 40.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, there was 39.4 million available capacity for borrowing under the revolving loan commitment due to the 0.6 million of letters of credit outstanding. See Note 15 Commitments and contingencies to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2016 Credit Agreement and Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On December 9, 2016, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into a credit agreement, or the 2016 Credit Agreement, with a group of lenders to establish term loan facilities and a revolving line of credit for borrowings by LD Intermediate, Inc. and LD Lower Holdings, Inc. The initial term loan borrowings of 340.0 million under the first lien facility and 125.0 million under the second lien facility were to mature on December 9, 2022 and December 9, 2023, respectively. The 2016 Credit Agreement also provided for an unfunded revolver commitment for borrowing up to 30.0 million, maturing on June 9, 2022. The first lien facility and the revolving credit facility were repaid and retired on February 8, 2021 and the second lien facility was repaid on December 19, 2019. The Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of 7.2 million in connection with the retirement of the 2016 Credit Agreement and the related revolving credit facility. 
 Convertible Debentures 
 On December 19, 2019, the Company issued the Debentures, which mature in 2024, in an aggregate principal amount of 200 million. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance due under the Convertible Debentures was 244.8 million and 229.4 million, respectively. 
 The Debentures mature on December 19, 2024 unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at an annual rate of 4.00 in cash, payable quarterly, and 4.00 in kind, accrued quarterly, on the last business day of March, June, September and December. In addition, on each anniversary of December 19, 2019 (the Closing Date ), the Company will increase the principal amount of the Debentures by an amount equal to 3.00 of the original aggregate principal amount of the Debentures outstanding (subject to reduction for any principal amount repaid). The additional payment will accrue from the last payment date for the additional payment (or the Closing Date if no prior payment has been made), and will also be payable at maturity, upon conversion and upon an optional redemption. 
 
 At any time, upon notice as set forth in the Debentures, the Debentures are redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Debentures redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
 
 The Debentures are convertible into shares of the common stock at the option of the Debenture holders at any time and from time to time at a price of 18 per share, subject to certain adjustments. On June 16, 2022, pursuant to the contractual requirement with the holders of the Debentures, at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company sought and obtained the Company s stockholders approval of the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of the Debentures into shares of Common Stock. In the event the Company elects to redeem any Debentures, the holders have a right to purchase common stock from the Company in an amount equal to the amount redeemed at the conversion price. 
 
 The Debentures contain covenants that limit the Company s ability to, among other things: (i) incur additional debt; (ii) create liens on assets; (iii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; or (iv) designate the Company s subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. The Debentures provide for customary events of default, including non-payment, failure to comply with covenants or other agreements in the Debentures and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. If an event of default occurs and continues, the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Debentures may declare the entire principal amount of all the Debentures to be due and payable immediately. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all Debenture covenants. 
 
 71 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Our net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

7,950 

10,099 

Investing activities 

(16,189) 

(12,488) 

Financing activities 

(4,981) 

(1,761) 

Effect of foreign exchange rates 

(619) 

(583) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

(13,839) 

(4,733) 

Cash Flows Provided By Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 10.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash provided is due to a 32.1 million decrease in non-cash expenses partially offset by a 17.4 million decrease in net loss and a 12.6 million decrease in cash used for working capital. The period over period decrease in non-cash expenses is primarily due to a 22.5 million decrease in impairment charges, a 7.3 million decrease in loss on debt extinguishment, and a 6.8 million decrease in depreciation and amortization, partially offset by a 1.2 million increase in stock-based compensation and a 1.3 million increase in deferred tax expense. The decrease in cash used for working capital for the period is primarily due to a 4.7 million decrease in changes to accounts receivable, a 6.9 million decrease in changes to accounts payable and accrued expenses, a 2.0 million decrease in changes to prepaid expense and other current assets, and a 1.1 million increase in changes to deferred revenue. Accounts Receivable and Accounts payable fluctuate from period-to-period depending on the timing of purchases and payments. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 2.9 million of capitalized implementation costs used for cloud computing agreements reflecting the implementation of ASU 2018-15. Prior to the implementation of ASU 2018-15 capitalized implementation costs related to cloud computing agreements were included in investing activities and totaled 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of 12.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities is due primarily to increased purchases of property and equipment of 3.7 million. 
 Cash Flows Used In Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities of 5.0 million related to the payments of long-term debt of 3.0 million and finance lease obligations of 2.0 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities of 1.8 million related to the payments of long-term debt of 2.3 million and finance lease obligations of 2.5 million, partially offset by cash generated from refinancing of the first lien debt of 2.9 million. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 Organization, business and summary of significant accounting policies to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In applying accounting principles, it is often required to use estimates. These estimates consider the facts, circumstances and information available, and 
 72 
 
 may be based on subjective inputs, assumptions and information known and unknown to us. Material changes in certain of the estimates that we use could potentially affect, by a material amount, our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Although results may vary, we believe our estimates are reasonable and appropriate. See Note 1 Organization, business and summary of significant accounting policies to our audited consolidated financial statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies. There were no material changes during the year ended December 31, 2022. The following describes certain of our significant accounting policies that involve more subjective and complex judgments where the effect on our consolidated financial position and operating performance could be material. 
 Intangible assets and other long-lived assets 
 We evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived assets, including finite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of any asset to future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the difference between the fair value of the asset compared to its carrying amount. 
 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the total consideration paid over our identified intangible and tangible assets and our acquisitions. We test our goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. As of the testing date (October 1), we have determined there is one reporting unit. 
 We test goodwill resulting from acquisitions for impairment annually on October 1, or more frequently, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. 
 
 Goodwill impairment exists when the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If impairment exists, the carrying value of the goodwill is reduced by the excess through an impairment charge recorded in our statements of operations. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. 
 
 The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a combination of a discounted cash flow, or DCF, analysis and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading values and values observed in recent business combinations. Determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples and relevant transaction multiples. The cash flows employed in the DCF analyses are based on our best estimate of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering factors such as general market conditions, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance. 
 
 Accordingly, we have not identified any indicators of impairment, nor have any impairment charges been recorded related to goodwill as a result of the annual impairment test. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates, and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. 
 
 Tax law requires certain items to be included in our tax returns at different times than when the items are reflected in the financial statements. The annual tax expense reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss is different than that reported in our tax returns. Some of these differences are permanent (for example, expenses 
 73 
 
 recorded for accounting purposes that are not deductible in the returns such as certain entertainment expenses) and some differences are temporary and reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. Temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which a deduction has been taken already in the tax return, but the expense has not yet been recognized in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in tax returns in future years for which a benefit has already been recorded in the financial statements, as well as tax losses that can be carried over and used in future years. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amounts we believe are more likely than not to be recovered. In evaluating the amount of any such valuation allowance, we consider the existence of cumulative income or losses in recent years, the reversal of existing temporary differences, the existence of taxable income in prior carry back years, available tax planning strategies and estimates of future taxable income for each of our taxable jurisdictions. The latter two factors involve the exercise of significant judgment. As of December 31, 2022, deferred tax asset valuation allowances totaled 91.9 million, primarily related to federal and state net operating losses available to carry forward to future years and, interest expense disallowance carryovers. Although realization is not assured, we believe it is more likely than not that all other deferred tax assets for which no valuation allowances have been established will be realized. This conclusion is based on our expectation that the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences will provide a source of taxable income to realize these deferred tax assets. 
 
 We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authorities before any part of the benefit is recorded in our financial statements. A tax position is measured as the portion of the tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority (that has full knowledge of all relevant information). We may be required to change our provision for income taxes when the ultimate treatment of certain items is challenged or agreed to by taxing authorities, when estimates used in determining valuation allowances on deferred tax assets significantly change, or when receipt of new information indicates the need for adjustment in valuation allowances. Future events, such as changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income tax and the effective tax rate. Any such changes could significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements in the year these changes occur. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized tax benefits totaled 1.0 million, related to U.S. federal and state net operating losses available to carry forward to future years. However, due to the Company s determination that the U.S. federal and state net operating losses for the unrecognized tax benefit would likely be realized, a valuation allowance offset was recorded against the unrecognized tax benefit, resulting in no effective tax rate impact. 
 
 74 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitativ e Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We are subject to interest rate market risk in connection with our long-term indebtedness. Our principal interest rate exposure relates to outstanding amounts under the 300 million Initial Term Loans, the 40 million Revolving Credit Loans, and the 50 million Delayed Draw Term Loans. Interest rate changes may impact the amount of our interest payments and, therefore, our future net income and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. Assuming the amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022 are fully drawn, each one-eighth percentage point increase or decrease in the applicable interest rates would correspondingly change our annualized interest expense by approximately 0.4 million. We do not currently hedge our interest rate exposure. 
 Exchange rate risk 
 Results of operations for our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated from the designated functional currency to the reporting currency of the U.S. dollar. Revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for each month, while assets and liabilities are translated at balance sheet date exchange rates. The resulting net translation adjustments are recorded as a component of stockholders equity in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Transaction gains and losses arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the local functional currency are included in Other expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. Such transaction gains and losses may be realized or unrealized depending upon whether the transaction settled during the period or remains outstanding at the balance sheet date. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated the equivalent of 49.6 million and 64.1 million, respectively, of U.S. dollar-denominated revenues in non-U.S. subsidiaries. Each 100-basis point increase or decrease in the average foreign currency rate to U.S. dollar exchange rate for the year would have correspondingly changed our revenues by approximately by 0.5 million and 0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We do not currently hedge our exchange rate exposure. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 
 75 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 7 

F- 1 
 
 Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of KLDiscovery Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of KLDiscovery Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), and the related amendments. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 F- 2 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance 

for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Computer software and hardware 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and other equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt, net 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of contingent consideration 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Long term operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencie s 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock 

par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred Stock 

par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

(in thousands) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Impairment of intangible asset 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Other expenses 

Other expense 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except for share amounts) 

Common Stock Issued 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock issued in exchange for vested units 

Private warrants 

() 

() 

Consideration for acquisition 

Foreign exchange translation 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock issued in exchange for vested units 

Private warrants 

Acquisition related contingent consideration 

Foreign exchange translation 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Consolidated Stateme nts of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Operating activities 

Net loss 
 
 () 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Paid in kind interest 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Stock-based compensation 

Provision for losses on accounts receivable 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 
 
 () 

() 

Impairment of intangible asset 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 () 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 () 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Deferred revenue 
 
 () 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 () 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

Financing activities 

Proceeds for exercise of stock options 

Payments for finance lease obligations 
 
 () 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

Proceeds long-term debt, net of original issue discount 

Retirement of debt 

() 

Payment on long-term debt 
 
 () 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 () 

() 

Effect of foreign exchange rates 
 
 () 

() 

Net decrease in cash 
 
 () 

() 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure: 

Cash paid for interest 

Net income taxes paid (refunded) 

() 

Significant noncash investing and financing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 locations in countries, as well as data centers and data recovery labs globally. The Company was originally incorporated under the name Pivotal Acquisition Corp. Pivotal as a blank check company on under the laws of the State of Delaware for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On December 19, 2019, Pivotal acquired the outstanding shares of LD Topco, Inc. via a reverse capitalization (the Business Combination and was renamed KLDiscovery Inc. 
 
 par value per share (the Common Stock ), stock option awards, and acquisition-related contingent consideration. 
 business segment, providing technology-based litigation support solutions and services. Financial instruments, which potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash with a banking institution where the balances, at times, exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the risks associated with these deposits are limited. With respect to accounts receivable, the Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers, generally grants uncollateralized credit terms to its customers, and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical experience and management s expectations of future losses. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company had single customer that represented approximately six percent (6 of its consolidated revenues and single customer that represented approximately 6 of its consolidated accounts receivable. The Company did t have a single customer that represented more tha n five percent (5 o r more of its consolidated revenues or accounts receivable as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company believes that the geographic and industry diversity of the Company s customer base throughout the U.S. and internationally minimizes the risk of incurring material losses due to concentrations of credit risk. The Company s foreign revenues, principally from businesses in the UK and Germany, totaled approximately million and million in 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The Company s long-lived assets in foreign countries, principally in the UK and Germany, totaled approximately million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As disclosed in Note 7, the Company has significant outstanding debt that comes due in 2024. While the Company is exploring various options to refinance the debt, new financings may not be available to the Company on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. 

Charged to/reversed from expense 

Deductions (write offs) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Charged to/reversed from expense 

Deductions (write offs) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

to 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and other equipment 
 
 to 

Gains or losses on disposals are included in results of operations at amounts equal to the difference between the net book value of the disposed assets and the proceeds received upon disposal. Costs for replacements and betterments are capitalized, while the costs of maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Finance leases right of use assets are included in Property and equipment and are stated at the present value of minimum lease payments and subsequently amortized using the straight-line method over the earlier of the end of the asset's useful life or the end of the lease term. Depreciation expense totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and includes amortization of assets recorded under finance leases. For additional information on leases, refer to Note 6 Leases . 
 , depending on management s expectation of the economic life of various software. Capitalized software amortization costs are recorded as a component of cost of revenue. Capitalized software costs are reflected as part of the Intangible assets, net in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled million and million, net of accumulated amortization, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 million in the third quarter of 2021, which was included in Impairment of intangible assets in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Amortization expense totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively; million and million of which was classified as part of the Cost of revenues line in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The Company allocates the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The Company recognizes as goodwill the amount by which the purchase price of an acquired entity exceeds the net of the fair values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. In determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the Company uses various recognized valuation methods including the income and market approaches. Further, the Company makes assumptions within certain valuation techniques, including discount rates, royalty rates, and the amount and timing of future cash flows. The Company records the net assets and results of operations of an acquired entity in the financial statements from the acquisition date. The Company initially performs these valuations based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions by management or independent valuation specialists under its supervision, where appropriate, and make revisions as estimates and assumptions are finalized. The Company expenses acquisition-related costs as they are incurred. 
 reporting unit. Goodwill impairment exists when the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If impairment exists, the carrying value of the goodwill is reduced by the excess through an impairment charge recorded in the Company s statements of operations. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. The fair value of the Company s reporting unit is estimated using a combination of a discounted cash flow DCF analysis and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading values. Determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples. The cash flows employed in the DCF analyses are based on the Company s best estimate of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering factors such as general market conditions, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance. The carrying value of the reporting unit includes the assets and liabilities employed in its operations and goodwill. Accordingly, the Company has not identified any indicators of impairment, nor have any impairment charges been recorded related to goodwill resulting from the annual impairment test. 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

funded term debt is presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. Debt issuance costs related to revolving and unfunded term debt is presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets within Other assets. 

Data recovery 

Total revenue 

Performance Obligations and Timing of Revenue Recognition The Company primarily sells services and products that fall into the categories discussed below. Each category contains one or more performance obligations that are either (1) capable of being distinct (i.e., the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with readily available resources, including those purchased separately from us) and distinct within the context of the contract (i.e., separately identified from other promises in the contract) or (2) a series of distinct products or services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. (1) Legal Technology, including Nebula and the Company's expansive suite of technology solutions, such as its end-to-end eDiscovery technology solutions, managed review solutions, collections, processing, analytics, hosting, production and professional services, and 

 (2) Data recovery solutions, which provides data restoration, data erasure and data management services 

 The Company generates the majority of its revenues by providing Legal Technology services to our clients. Most of our eDiscovery service contracts are time and materials types of arrangements. Time and materials arrangements are based on units of data stored or processed. Unit-based revenues are recognized as services are provided, based on either the amount of data stored or processed, the number of concurrent users accessing the information, or the number of pages or images processed for a client, at agreed upon per unit rates. We recognize revenues for these arrangements at a point in time utilizing a right-to-invoice practical expedient because we have a right to consideration for services completed to date. Certain other eDiscovery contracts are subscription-based, fixed-fee arrangements, which have tiered pricing based on the quantity of data hosted. For a fixed monthly fee, our clients receive a variety of optional eDiscovery services, which are included in addition to the data hosting. The Company recognizes revenues for these arrangements at a point in time based on predetermined monthly fees as determined in our contractual agreements, utilizing a right-to-invoice practical expedient because the Company has a right to consideration for services completed to date. Other eDiscovery agreements are time and material arrangements that require the client to pay us based on the number of hours worked at contractually agreed-upon rates. The Company recognizes revenues for these arrangements at a point in time based on hours incurred and contracted rates utilizing a right-to-invoice practical expedient because it has a contractual right to consideration for services completed to date. Data recovery services are mainly fixed fee arrangements requiring the client to pay a pre-established fee in exchange for the successful completion of a data recovery on a predetermined device. For the recovery services performed by the Company s technicians, the revenue is recognized at a point in time, when the recovered data is sent to the customer. Data erasure services are fixed fee arrangements for which revenue is recognized at a point in time, when the certificate of erasure is sent to the customer. The Company offers term license subscriptions to Ontrack PowerControls software to customers with on-premises installations of the software pursuant to contracts that are historically one to four years in length. The term license subscriptions include maintenance and support, as well as access to future software upgrades and patches. The license and the additional support services are deemed to be one performance obligation, and thus revenue for these arrangements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. 
 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Advertising costs are reflected within Sales and marketing in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

, the Company Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), and related amendments, on a modified retrospective approach, which allows entities to initially apply the standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings, if any, in the period of adoption with no restatement of comparative periods. Upon adoption, the Company applied the guidance to all existing leases. The new guidance requires the lease rights and obligations arising from the leasing arrangements, including operating leases, to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The present value of lease payments is determined primarily using the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date. As the Company s leases do not have readily determinable implicit discount rates, the Company adjusts its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. Upon adoption of the new guidance, the most significant impact was the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities relating to operating leases in the amounts of million and million, respectively, reported within Operating lease right-of-use assets and Long-term operating lease liabilities, respectively, with the current portion of the liability reported within current portion of operating lease liabilities, in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2022. Accounting for finance leases remained substantially unchanged and continues to be reported within Property and equipment, net and Other liabilities , with the current portion of the debt reported within Accounts payable and accrued expense , in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. There was no cumulative effect of applying the new standard and accordingly there was no adjustment to our retained earnings upon adoption. The comparative information presented has not been recast and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. The Company has elected not to recognize operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases for all classes of underlying assets. Short-term leases are leases with terms greater than 1 month, but less than 12 months. The Company elected to apply the package of transitional practical expedients under which the Company did not reassess prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification. For additional information on leases, refer to Note 6 Leases. Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted The Company has elected to be an Emerging Growth Company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act and take advantage of the extended transition period of delaying the adoption of new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. This may make the comparison of the Company s consolidated financial statements to other public companies not meaningful due to the differences in accounting standards being applied. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASC 326 ): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). This guidance is intended to introduce a revised approach to the recognition and measurement of credit losses, emphasizing an updated model based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. The Company is required to adopt ASC 326 effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and the Company is currently evaluating the impact that Topic 326 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 14 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued 
 
 million of income in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss to reflect the cumulative decrease in the fair value of the Private Warrants liabilities, (ii) a warrant liability of million in the Balance Sheet and (iii) a decrease in additional paid-in capital of million in the Balance Sheet. 

 million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, the Company settled the earn-out obligation and issued shares of common stock. The Company has determined that the warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Private Warrants issued in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination in December 2019 should be accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of Private Warrants in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the Private Warrants was million as of December 31, 2022. 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Exercise Price 

Fair value of Common Stock 

The Company s use of a Black Scholes model required the use of the following inputs, including assumptions: Expected volatility as of the valuation date, the Public Warrants (as defined in Note 10) and the Common Stock were traded and their market prices were used to infer the expected annual volatility of the Common Stock. The expected volatility is used to value the Private Warrants. 

 Expected term the expected term is based on the exercise period, which began 30 days after the consummation of the Business Combination in December 2019 and ends on December 19, 2024 (which is after the completion of the Business Combination). 

 Risk-free interest rate the risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Bill yields for the period commensurate with the time to exercise the Private Warrants. 

 Dividend yield the Company does not pay dividends and has no plans to do so. As a result, the expected dividend yield is zero. 

 Exercise price the exercise price is contractually set at . 

 Fair value of stock the stock price is the quoted market price as of the valuation date. 

Private Warrants 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 

() 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 

() 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Management estimates the carrying amount of the Company s long-term debt approximates its fair value because the interest rates on these instruments are subject to changes in market interest rates or are consistent with prevailing interest rates. 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Trademark and tradenames, net 

Developed technology 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Developed technology, net 

Customer relationships 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Customer relationships, net 

Intangible assets, net of amortization 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

In process 

Total 

Note 

Accrued salaries 

Current taxes payable 

Other accrued expenses 

Total 

F- 17 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued 
 
 locations and reduced the footprint of locations in 2021. The Company shortened the lease terms in two locations in 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the weighted average remaining lease term for the Company s operating and finance leases was approximately three years and eight months, respectively. The Company s lease terms vary depending upon the class of asset and some leases include options to extend or terminate. Generally, the Company does not include renewal or termination options as a component of its present value calculation of operating leases. However, for certain real estate leases, the Company includes them if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise these renewal or termination options, the options are considered in determining the lease term and associated potential option payments or penalties are included as lease payments. In addition, the Company has lease agreements that include lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. Non-lease components consist primarily of common area maintenance expenses and property taxes. Non-lease components are expensed as incurred. 

Finance lease liabilities 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Non-current finance lease liabilities 
 
 Other liabilities 

Operating lease cost 
 
 General and Administrative 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right of use assets 
 
 Cost of Revenue 

Amortization of right of use assets 
 
 General and Administrative 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 
 Interest expense 

Sublease income 
 
 Cost of Revenue 

() 

Sublease income 
 
 General and Administrative 

() 

Total lease cost 

Financing cash used for finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: interest on lease obligations 

() 

() 

Non-current 

The Company s weighted average discount rate for operating and finances leases was and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. There were estimates and judgments made in determining the Company s multiple discount rates based on term, country and currency, including developing a secured credit rating and spreading market yield data across maturities. Rent expense totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The depreciation expense recorded for finance leases totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

Note 

2021 Credit Agreement due 2026 (1) 

Total debt 

Less: unamortized original issue discount 

() 

() 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total debt, net 

Current portion of debt 

Total current portion of debt, net 

Total long-term debt, net 

(1) 

2021 Credit Agreement On February 8, 2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company, or the Loan Parties, entered into a new secured credit agreement, or the 2021 Credit Agreement. Proceeds were used to pay in full all outstanding loans and terminate all lending commitments under the 2016 Credit Agreement discussed below. The 2021 Credit Agreement provides for (i) initial term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million, or the Initial Term Loans, (ii) delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million, or the Delayed Draw Term Loans, and (iii) revolving credit loans in an aggregate principal amount of million, with a letter of credit sublimit of million, or the Revolving Credit Loans. The Delayed Draw Term Loans will be available to the Loan Parties at any time prior to February 8, 2023, subject to certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans. The Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans bear interest, at the Loan Parties option, at the rate of (x) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement) with a floor, plus per annum, or (y) with respect to Base Rate Loans (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), the Base Rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement) plus per annum. The Revolving Credit Loans will bear interest, at our option, at the rate of (x) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate plus per annum, or (y) with respect to Base Rate Loans, the Base Rate plus per annum. The Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans amortize at a rate of of the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans outstanding, payable in consecutive quarterly installments of million, beginning on June 30, 2021. On December 31, 2022, the balance due was million with an interest rate of plus an Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate of approximately . The obligations under the 2021 Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Loan Parties assets. The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as a financial maintenance covenant that requires the Loan Parties to maintain a First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement) of less than or equal to to , tested at the end of each fiscal quarter. The Company was in compliance with all Credit Agreement covenants as of December 31, 2022. The Company incurred closing fees of million in connection with the entry into the 2021 Credit Agreement. These fees will be amortized over the full term of the 2021 Credit Agreement. Revolving Credit Loans The 2021 Credit Agreement also provides for an unfunded revolver commitment for borrowing up to million (the Revolving Credit Loans ). As of December 31, 2022 , there was million available capacity for borrowing under the revolving loan commitment due to the million of letters of credit outstanding (See Note 15 Commitments and contingencies). 2016 Credit Agreement and Revolving Credit Facility On December 9, 2016, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into a credit agreement, or the 2016 Credit Agreement, with a group of lenders to establish term loan facilities and a revolving line of credit for borrowings by LD Intermediate, Inc. and LD Lower Holdings, Inc. The initial term loan borrowings of million under the first lien facility and million under the second lien facility were to mature on and , respectively. The 2016 Credit Agreement also provided for an unfunded revolver commitment for borrowing up to million, maturing on . The first lien facility and the revolving credit facility were repaid and retired on February 8, 2021 and the second lien facility was repaid on December 19, 2019. The Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of million in connection with the retirement of the 2016 Credit Agreement and the related revolving credit facility. Convertible Debentures On December 19, 2019, t he Company issued Convertible Debentures, which mature in 2024, in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Debentures or the Convertible Debentures ). At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the balance due under the Debentures was million and million, respectively. The Debentures will mature on unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, and in cash, payable quarterly, and in kind, accrued quarterly, on the last In addition, on each anniversary of December 19, 2019 (the Closing Date ), the Company will increase the principal amount of the Debentures by an amount equal to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Debentures outstanding (subject to reduction for any principal amount repaid). The additional payment will accrue from the last payment date for the additional payment (or the Closing Date if no prior payment has been made), and will also be payable at maturity, upon conversion and upon an optional redemption. At any time, upon notice as set forth in the Debentures, the Debentures will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the Debentures redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Debentures are convertible into shares of the common stock at the option of the Debenture holders at any time and from time to time at a price of per share, subject to certain adjustments. However, in the event the Company elects to redeem any Debentures, the holders have a right to purchase common stock from the Company in an amount equal to the amount redeemed at the conversion price. The Debentures contain covenants that limit the Company s ability to, among other things: (i) incur additional debt; (ii) create liens on assets; (iii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; or (iv) designate the Company s subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. The Debentures provide for customary events of default, including non-payment, failure to comply with covenants or other agreements in the Debentures and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. If an event of default occurs and continues, the holders of at least in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Debentures may declare the entire principal amount of all the Debentures to be due and payable immediately. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company was in compliance with all Debenture covenants. 

2024 (1) 

2025 

2026 (1) 

Thereafter 

Total 

(1) million outstanding as of December 31, 2022, matures on February 8, 2026, unless the Debentures are outstanding six months prior to the December 19, 2024 maturity date thereof, in which case the 2021 Credit Agreement matures on June 19, 2024. Amounts assume that this springing maturity provision of the 2021 Credit Agreement will not be triggered in 2024. 

The initial term loan borrowings related to the 2021 Credit Agreement were issued at an original issue discount of million. The Convertible Debentures were issued at an original discount of million. The original issue discount is amortized using the effective yield method over the respective term of each facility or debenture. Accretion of the original issue discount totaled million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization is recorded as interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The Company incurred term loan facilities closing fees related to the 2021 Credit Agreement of million, along with revolver closing fees of million. The term loan facilities and revolver closing fees were deferred on February 8, 2021 and are amortized over their respective terms. The Company incurred closing fees related to the Convertible Debentures of million which were deferred on December 19, 2019 and are amortized over the term of the debentures. Amortization of debt issuance costs totaled million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A mortization is recorded as interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. A loss on debt extinguishment was recognized related to the closing of the First Lien Facility in the amount of million for deferred financing costs and original issue discounts in 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

years of age. Employees may elect to defer a percentage of their salary up to the maximum allowed under the Internal Revenue Service Code. The Company moved back to a safe harbor plan as of January 1, 2022 and reinstated the company matching contributions to the 401(k) plan, which had been discontinued in 2020. Company match is for first 3 and for next 2 of employee s contributions. The employee contributions are vested immediately. Contributions to the 401(k) plan were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. In 2021, the Company made a one-time profit-sharing contribution to all eligible employees. The one-time contribution was calculated as of highly compensated employees and of non-highly compensated employees third quarter compensation, up to the maximum allowed under the Internal Revenue Service code. 

 Note 
 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our Board of Directors (the Board ). The Compensation Committee of the Board approved an increase to the share reserve as set out in the 2019 Plan in the amount of shares and shares in February 2022 and February 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , shares of Common Stock were reserved under the 2019 Plan, of which shares of Common Stock remained available for issuance. Stock option activity 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Options vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Options vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Total fair value of options vested 

Time-based vesting stock options Time-based vesting stock options generally vest over a period, are subject to graded vesting schedules, and expire from the date of grant or within 90 days of termination. The weighted-average fair value per share of time-based vesting stock options granted by the Company was and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 the Company recognized million and million of stock-based compensation expense in connection with time-based stock options, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was million and million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested time-based stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of and years, respectively. Stock Option Valuation The Company used valuation models to value both time and performance-based vesting stock options granted during 2022 and 2021 . - 

- 

Expected term (in years) 

Dividend yield 

Risk free interest rate 
 
 - 

- 

A discussion of management s methodology for developing each of the assumptions used in the valuation model follows: Expected volatility Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a financial variable such as a share price has fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to fluctuate (expected volatility) during a period. The Company uses an estimated volatility based on the historical and implied volatilities of comparable companies. 

 Expected term This is the period that the options granted are expected to remain unexercised. For options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company derived the expected life of the option based on the average midpoint between vesting and the contractual term as there is little exercise history. 

 Dividend yield The Company has never declared or paid dividends and have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. 

 Risk-free interest rate This is the U.S. Treasury rate for securities with similar terms that most closely resembles the expected life of the option. 

 Forfeiture rate - Forfeitures are included in compensation cost as they occur. 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Total 

Performance-based restricted stock units Periodically, the Company granted RSUs to certain employees which are subject to certain vesting criteria. These RSUs become eligible to begin vesting upon a liquidity event (as defined in the award agreements governing the RSUs). The amount and timing of the vesting of the RSUs depends on the type and timing of the liquidity event as it relates to the Closing Date. Generally, a portion of the RSUs were scheduled to first vest upon the occurrence of the liquidity event and the remainder were scheduled to vest in up to annual installments thereafter. Because no liquidity event occurred before the third anniversary of the Closing Date, all RSUs are scheduled to vest immediately upon a future liquidity event. The Company determined the achievement of the liquidity event was not probable and therefore no expense has been recorded related to the performance-based awards that vest solely upon a liquidity event. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company granted performance based RSUs to certain employees, of which vest based on the achievement of annual consolidated revenue targets and of which vest based on the achievement of certain annual Nebula revenue targets. These units will vest over annual installments based on the achievement of the annual consolidated revenue and Nebula revenue performance conditions and are not subject to any liquidity event vesting condition. In the event that the performance conditions are not met in the first or second year, all units granted will vest in the third year if the cumulative performance conditions are met at that time. The grant of awards with performance conditions supports the Company s goal of aligning executive incentives with long-term stockholder value and ensuring that executive officers have a continuing stake in the long-term success of the Company. The Company determined the achievement of the overall Company revenue and Nebula revenue targets was probable and therefore incurred million of stock-based compensation expense for the year-ended December 31, 2022 with respect to the awards granted in the second quarter of 2022. The vesting of the RSUs held by a grantee is generally subject to his or her continued employment with the Company. Time-based restricted stock units During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company granted to certain non-employee directors and stock awards, respectively. These stock awards were issued to non-employee directors in satisfaction of their annual retainer payments and vest over a or period. Accordingly, the Company recognized the grant-date fair value of the restricted stock units of million as stock-based compensation expense for each of the years ended years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested- non-employee directors awards 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

F- 25 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued 
 
 shares of common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Each holder of Common Stock is entitled to of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available at the time and in the amounts as the Company s Board of Directors may from time to time determine. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the assets of the Company shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the then outstanding common stock. During 2021 and 2022, the Company settled earn-out obligations and issued and shares of common stock, respectively. Warrants On the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company assumed (i) warrants (the Public Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock and (ii) Private Warrants (together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ). The Public Warrants qualify for equity accounting as these warrants do not fall within the scope of ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . The Public Warrants were measured at fair value at the time of issuance and classified as equity. As disclosed in Note 2, the Company has determined that the Private Warrants fall within the scope of ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and therefore these warrants are classified as liabilities and measured at fair value at each reporting period. share of common stock for per share. If held by the initial purchaser of the Private Warrant or certain permitted transferees, the purchase can occur on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire on or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. If the reported last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders, the Company may redeem all the Public Warrants at a price of per warrant upon not less than days prior written notice. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. The warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of common stock at a price below its exercise price. The Company will not be required to net cash settle the warrants. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Shares Subject to Forfeiture shares of common stock held by Pivotal Acquisition Holdings LLC are subject to an additional lockup that will be released only if the last reported sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds for a period of consecutive trading days during the five-year period following the Closing Date. If the last reported sale price of common stock does not equal or exceed within from the Closing Date, such shares will be forfeited to the Company for consideration. These shares are reported as outstanding in our financial statements and continue to be subject to the additional lockup as of December 31, 2022 . 

 F- 26 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Dilutive effect of potentially issuable shares 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

Basic loss per share 

() 

() 

Dilutive effect of potentially issuable shares 

Diluted loss per share 

() 

() 

Common share equivalents excluded due to anti-dilutive effect 

Foreign 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

for 2022 and 2021 to the amounts of loss before income taxes as presented below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Pre-tax book loss 

() 

() 

Tax at Federal statutory rate of 

() 

() 

State taxes 

Taxes on Foreign Earnings 

Foreign rate differential 

() 

() 

Other adjustments 

Valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Interest expense carryforward 

Property and equipment 

Lease liability 

Accrued expenses 

Payroll tax deferral 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Right of Use Asset 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had tax effected U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, of which million tax effected, begin to expire in 2025 but approximately million, tax effected, begin to expire in 2035 and million, tax effected, have no expiration. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had tax effected state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. The majority of the state tax losses will not begin expiring until 2035 or later. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company also had U.S. tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. The tax credits will expire in 2022. The tax effected foreign net operating loss at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is approximately million and million, respectively, the majority of which has an unlimited carryforward period. The Company operates in multiple tax jurisdictions and, in the normal course of business, its tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future assessments by these taxing authorities. The Company is subject to examination by U.S. tax authorities beginning with the year ended December 31, 2018. The Company is also subject to examination in various foreign jurisdictions. In material foreign jurisdictions, the statute of limitations ranges one from the filing of a tax return. The Company has not provided for U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes on approximately million of certain foreign subsidiaries' undistributed earnings as of December 31, 2022, because such earnings have been retained and are intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. These earnings could become subject to additional tax, if they were remitted as dividends, loaned to the Company, or if the Company should sell its stock in these foreign subsidiaries. However, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of taxes that would be payable for these earnings because such tax, if any, is dependent on circumstances existing if and when a taxable event occurs. Valuation Allowance As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, against certain deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance relates to the deferred tax assets of the Company s U.S. entities, including federal and state tax attributes and timing differences, as well as the deferred tax assets of certain foreign subsidiaries. The increase in the valuation allowance during 2022 is primarily related to operating losses incurred during the year and the limitation on deductibility of interest expense. To the extent the Company determines that, based on the weight of available evidence, all or a portion of its valuation allowance is no longer necessary, the Company will recognize an income tax benefit in the period such determination is made for the reversal of the valuation allowance. If management determines that, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized; the Company may recognize income tax expense in the period such determination is made to increase the valuation allowance. It is possible that such reduction of or addition to the Company s valuation allowance may have a material impact on the Company s results from operations. The U.S. federal and foreign changes to valuation allowance of approximately million is presented in the effective tax rate reconciliation as part of the valuation allowance. The U.S. state changes to valuation allowance of approximately million is presented as part of the state taxes in the effective tax rate reconciliation. As of December 31, 2022 , there is approximately million of valuation allowance movement that is attributable to translation adjustment and million of valuation allowance included in the effective tax rate reconciliation as part of the other adjustments. 

Additions 

Reductions 

() 

() 

Ending Balance 

Uncertain Tax Positions As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million that would favorably impact the Company s effective income tax rate if realized. However, due to the Company s determination that the deferred tax asset would not more-likely-than-not be realized, a full valuation allowance would be recorded if the unrecognized tax benefits were realized. The Company s uncertain income tax position liability has been recorded to deferred income taxes to offset the tax attribute carryforward amounts. There was change to the uncertain tax position liability during the year. 

 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , comprised of employee severance and other employee-related costs associated with a reduction in workforce of and employees for 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

Total 

Payments 

() 

Expense 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Payments 

() 

Expense 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

letters of credit totaling million as additional security for lease guarantees related to leased properties. 

 million including paid-in kind interest of the Company s Debentures are owed to affiliates of MGG Investment Group, which is an affiliate of a director of the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the Company recognized million and million in interest expense, respectively related to the Debentures owned by the MGG Investment Group. 

 F- 30 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Continued 
 
 , based on the term of the applicable Interest Period, to be added to the Applicable Rate for both SOFR Loans and Base Rate Loans (capitalized terms as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement). 

F- 31 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Form 10-K was (a) reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and regulations and (b) communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding any required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022. 
 Attestation of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) due to the Company s status as an emerging growth company. See Business Implications of being an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent limitation on the effectiveness of internal control 
 The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 86 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 87 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 Our current directors and executive officers are listed below. Also set forth below are the biographies for all our current directors and executive officers. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers 

Name 
 
 Age (1) 
 
 Class of Director 
 
 Position 

Christopher J. Weiler 
 
 60 
 
 C 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Dawn M. Wilson (2) 
 
 56 
 
 - 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Krystina Jones (2) 
 
 39 
 
 - 
 
 Chief Revenue Officer 

Lawrence B. Prior, III 
 
 67 
 
 A 
 
 Director (Chair) 

Ian Fujiyama 
 
 50 
 
 C 
 
 Director 

Kevin Griffin 
 
 46 
 
 A 
 
 Director 

Lloyd W. Howell Jr 
 
 56 
 
 A 
 
 Director 

Evan B. Morgan 
 
 38 
 
 B 
 
 Director 

Donna S. Morea 
 
 68 
 
 B 
 
 Director 

Arjun Shah 
 
 34 
 
 C 
 
 Director 

Lauren Tanenbaum 
 
 35 
 
 B 
 
 Director 

Richard J. Williams 
 
 62 
 
 A 
 
 Director 

(1) Ages are as of March 16, 2023. 

(2) Executive Officers who are not members of the Board. 

Directors 
 
 Lawrence B. Prior, III has been a member of the Board of Directors since March 2020 and currently serves as the Chair of the Board of Directors. Since June 2018, Mr. Prior has served as an Operating Executive for TCG, focused on the aerospace, defense and government services sectors. He is based in Washington, DC and serves as the Chairman of the Board of Two Six Technologies, a private provider of cybersecurity and advanced technology for national security customers. Mr. Prior also serves on the board of directors of Shift5, a private operational technology data and cybersecurity company and CNSI a private healthcare and software products and solutions company. He also serves as an independent non-executive director of QinetiQ Group Plc (QQ-L), a private leading science and engineering company operating primarily in the defense, security and critical infrastructure markets. Mr. Prior was President and Chief Executive Officer of CSRA, Inc. from November 2015 to April 2018, which was acquired by General Dynamics. Previously, he was Executive Vice President and General Manager of CSC s North American Public Sector business, providing next-generation technology solutions and mission services to the U.S. Department of Defense, Intelligence Community and FedCiv sectors. Before joining CSC, Mr. Prior held executive leadership positions at BAE Systems Inc., ManTech International, SAIC, LightPointe Communications, High Technology Solutions, the County of San Diego and TRW. Earlier in his career, Mr. Prior worked as a professional staff member on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and served as an Intelligence Officer in the U.S. Marine Corps. Mr. Prior earned his B.S. degree from Loyola Marymount University and a M.A. in security studies from the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. We believe that Mr. Prior is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his knowledge of technology solutions and corporate finance experience. 
 
 Ian Fujiyama has been a member of the Board of Directors of KLDiscovery since March 2020. Since 2005, Mr. Fujiyama has served as a Managing Director for TCG and since 2010 he has served as a Partner for TCG. Mr. Fujiyama is the Head of Global Aerospace and Government Services and focuses on buyouts and strategic minority investments in the aerospace, defense and government services sectors. Since joining TCG in 1997, Mr. Fujiyama has led TCG s recent investments in the Federal services sector, including Novetta, Booz Allen Hamilton and ARINC. Beginning in 1999, he spent two years in Hong Kong and Seoul working in TCG s Asia Buyout fund, 
 88 

Carlyle Asia Partners, where he was a founding member of the team and helped lead TCG s investment in KorAm Bank, TCG s first investment in the financial services industry. Mr. Fujiyama was also involved in a number of successfully exited holdings, including ARINC, United Components, Inc, Lear Siegler Services, EG G Technical Services and CPI. Prior to joining TCG, Mr. Fujiyama was an Associate at Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corp, with a focus on high yield and merchant banking transactions. Mr. Fujiyama received his B.S. in economics, summa cum laude, from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with a concentration in finance. Mr. Fujiyama has served on the boards of directors of ARINC, Booz Allen Hamilton, Dynamic Precision Group, CPI, Novetta, StandardAero, Two Six Technologies, United Components and Loc Performance. Additionally, Mr. Fujiyama served as the Chairman of TCG s Diversity and Inclusion Committee. We believe that Mr. Fujiyama is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his knowledge of technology solutions and corporate finance experience. 
 
 Kevin Griffin has been a member of our Board of Directors since December 2019 and, prior to the Closing Date, he served as a member of the board of directors of Pivotal beginning in September 2018. Mr. Griffin has been designated as a director by Pivotal Spac Funding LLC, a managing member of Pivotal, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. During Mr. Griffin s 20 plus-year career, Mr. Griffin has originated and invested over 10 billion across the capital structure of middle market businesses and has also sat on numerous boards of directors. Mr. Griffin founded MGG in October 2014 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer since such time. Prior to launching MGG, Mr. Griffin was a Managing Director with Highbridge Principal Strategies from January 2010 to June 2014, where he was a senior member of the Specialty Lending Platform and a Member of the Highbridge Credit Committee. Prior to this, Mr. Griffin was the Head of Private Investing for Octavian Funds, a hedge fund focused on global investing across debt and equity structures, from 2007 to 2009. From 2003 to 2007, Mr. Griffin was part of Fortress Investment Group in charge of originating and underwriting investment opportunities for the Drawbridge Special Opportunities Fund. Prior to Fortress, Mr. Griffin was an investor with one of the first publicly traded business development companies, American Capital, where he was involved in numerous equity buyout and subordinated debt investments. Mr. Griffin began his career with Houlihan Lokey, Howard Zukin s Investment Banking Division, focusing primarily on distressed M A and financial restructurings. The M A Advisor in May 2015 named Mr. Griffin a winner of its 40 Under 40 Emerging Leaders Award. The Hedge Fund Journal, in association with Ernst Young, in December 2016 named Mr. Griffin one of 50 Tomorrow s Titans. Mr. Griffin received a BSBA in Finance from Georgetown University. We believe that Mr. Griffin is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive business and operational experience and contacts. 
 
 Lloyd W. Howell Jr has served as Chief Financial Officer of Booz Allen Hamilton since July 1, 2016. He previously served for three years as the Civil and Commercial Group Leader in charge of delivering the firm s strategic, technology, and analytics capabilities and service offerings to both federal and commercial clients. Mr. Howell joined Booz Allen in 1988 as a consultant and provided systems engineering support to multiple Department of Defense satellite programs. In 1991, he left the firm to get an M.B.A. from Harvard University and worked at Goldman Sachs as an Associate in their Investment Banking Division from 1993 to 1995. In 1995, Mr. Howell returned to Booz Allen where he became a member of the Strategy Organization (S O) capability team focused on defense market clients, specifically, Navy/ Marine Corps, Army, and the Office of the Secretary of Defense. In 2000, he was elected Vice President and served as S O s Capability Leader from 2005 to 2009. He then led the financial services account in the civil market until 2013. Mr. Howell has been a member of Booz Allen s Leadership Team since 2007 and has led many of the firm s internal change efforts, including those that evaluated the firm s operating model, organizational structure, and people programs. Over the course of his career, Mr. Howell s federal clients have included the Department of Treasury and its bureaus, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Reserve, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Commercial clients have included top 50 global financial institutions and large stock exchanges. Mr. Howell s corporate board membership include Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO and previously Integra LifeSciences (NASDAQ: IART ). He is also a member of the Washington Economics Club and is a Trustee at the University of Pennsylvania. In addition to his graduate degree, Mr. Howell holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania. He received the BEYA Award for Professional Achievement in 2010 and was named Black Engineer of the Year in 2011. 
 
 Donna S. Morea has been a member of the Board of Directors of KLDiscovery since March 2017 and she served as the Chair of our Board of Directors until February 2023. Since December 2016, Ms. Morea has served as an 
 89 

Operating Executive at TCG focused on the technology and business services sectors. She currently serves as a director of Truist Financial Corporation, an NYSE-listed financial services company; as Chair of the Board of Science Applications International Corporation, an NYSE-listed provider of technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services; and as a director of Inova Health Systems, a non-profit health organization. Ms. Morea also serves as a board member for several TCG portfolio companies. From 2004 to 2011 she served as President of CGI Technology and Solutions, Inc., or CGI, where she led CGI s software and IT services in the US, Europe and Asia-Pacific, serving commercial and government clients. Prior to that, she served in numerous executive management roles at American Management Systems, which was acquired by CGI in 2004. Previously, she has served on the board of directors of CGI and as chair of the Northern Virginia Technology Council. Ms. Morea received a M.B.A., with distinction, in Finance from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a B.A. with high honors, from Wesleyan University. We believe that Ms. Morea is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to her broad knowledge of the information technology industry and management experience. Ms. Morea has submitted her resignation as a director of the Company, effective as of June 13, 2023. 
 
 Evan B. Morgan has been a member of the Board of Directors of KLDiscovery since December 2015. Mr. Morgan has served as Manager of The Radcliff Companies, a New York-based private investment partnership, since July 2016. Radcliff invests across the capital structure seeking long-term compounding at high rates of return primarily in privately held consumer and services businesses. Prior to Radcliff, Mr. Morgan served as a partner at Revolution Growth, a Washington DC based growth equity investment firm. Since 2016, Mr. Morgan has served as Special Advisor to Revolution Growth. Mr. Morgan previously served as a member of the board of directors of Pivotal Acquisition Corp. from December 2018 until April 2019. Mr. Morgan received a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr. Morgan is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his knowledge of our business and industry. 
 
 Arjun Shah has been a member of the Board of Directors of KLDiscovery since March 2021. Mr. Shah currently serves as a Principal of TCG with a focus on buyout and growth equity investments in enterprise software and tech-enabled services. He is based in Washington D.C. Since joining TCG in 2017, Mr. Shah has been actively involved with TCG s investments in YipitData, Abrigo, ION Group, Workforce Logiq, and KLDiscovery. Prior to joining TCG, Mr. Shah was with Tinicum Incorporated from 2015 to 2017 and prior to joining Tinicum Incorporated he was with The Blackstone Group. Mr. Shah received his M.B.A., with high distinction, from Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar. He graduated summa cum laude from the Jerome Fisher Program in Management Technology at University of Pennsylvania, where he received a B.S.in economics from The Wharton School and a B.S. in engineering. We believe that Mr. Shah is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his knowledge of technology solutions and corporate finance experience. 
 
 Lauren Tanenbaum has been a member of the Board of Directors since February 2021. Since July 2018, Ms. Tanenbaum has served as a Principal within the Global Capital Markets team at TCG. She provides financing guidance for TCG s U.S.-based private equity funds both at initial acquisition and on an ongoing portfolio basis. In her role, Ms. Tanenbaum arranges a wide variety of financings ranging from large, broadly syndicated transactions to middle market private placements. Prior to joining TCG in 2018, Ms. Tanenbaum worked at J.P. Morgan from 2011 to 2018, most recently as a Vice President in Leveraged Finance. Additionally, she was an Investment Banker in the Public Finance department at Morgan Stanley from 2009 to 2011. Ms. Tanenbaum received a B.A. in History from the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Ms. Tanenbaum is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to her extensive corporate finance experience. 
 
 Christopher J. Weiler co-founded KLDiscovery in 2005 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and a director since such time. Mr. Weiler was awarded EY entrepreneur of the year in 2014 for the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. Prior to co-founding KLDiscovery, Mr. Weiler co-founded On-Site Sourcing in 1993, a litigation support and electronic discovery services company, and served as its President and Chief Executive Officer until August 2004. From 1991 to 1992, Mr. Weiler worked for Pitney Bowes Management Services as a manager, and from 1985 to 1991, he served in the U.S. Navy as a surface warfare officer and as a Navy Senate Liaison Officer in Washington, D.C. Mr. Weiler received a B.S. in Political Science and graduated with merit from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1985. Mr. Weiler also was awarded the MVP and Jeffrey Korn leadership and academic awards for the 1984 Navy football team. Mr. Weiler currently serves on the Board of Proof Technology, Inc., a private on-demand legal service of process platform. We believe that Mr. Weiler is qualified to serve as a member of our board of 
 90 

directors due to his vast knowledge of our company and his extensive experience in the electronic discovery services industry. 
 
 Richard J. Williams has been a member of the Board of Directors of KLDiscovery since February 2018. In 2004, Mr. Williams co-founded WestView Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on growth-oriented companies, and he currently serves as its Manager Partner. WestView currently manages approximately 1.7 billion of capital. Prior to co-founding WestView, he was a Partner in Tudor Investment Corporation s private equity group from 2000 to 2004. Prior to joining Tudor, Mr. Williams was a Managing Director of Triumph Capital Group, a Boston-based private equity firm. In these positions, Mr. Williams has been responsible for investments in the technology services, software and business services sectors. Mr. Williams currently serves on the boards of directors of the following private companies: Abacus Group, AccountabilIT, Invisors LLC, The Shelby Group and Health Monitor Network. Mr. Williams previously served on the boards of directors of numerous private and public companies including LDiscovery. Mr. Williams received a B.S. in Computer Science from Yale University and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr. Williams is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience with growth-oriented companies and other public companies. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 Dawn Wilson has served as the Chief Financial Officer of KLDiscovery since September 2017. Ms. Wilson has over 20 years of experience in finance and accounting. After starting her career at Arthur Andersen in 1992, she has primarily been with public companies in the technology and services industry. Prior to joining KLDiscovery, Ms. Wilson served as Vice President of Accounting of CoStar Group from July 2004 to August 2016, the leading provider of commercial real estate information, analytics and online marketplaces. She received a Masters in Accounting from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University . 
 
 Krystina Jones joined KLDiscovery in 2006 in the sales division, where she was responsible for generating new business from Am Law 100 law firms and Fortune 500 corporations. Ms. Jones currently serves as Chief Revenue Officer, a position she has held since January 2023. In this role, she is responsible for developing, implementing and executing a global sales and marketing strategy across the entire organization. Additionally, Ms. Jones is responsible for KLDiscovery s global sales operations teams who support the business development managers in delivering best-in-class service to their clients. Prior to this role, Ms. Jones served as EVP, Global Sales Marketing from May 2021 to December 2022, EVP, Global LT Sales Marketing from February 2019 to May 2021 and as SVP, US and APAC LT Sales and Global LT Marketing from December 2018 to February 2019. From December 2017 to December 2018, Ms. Jones was SVP, US LT Sales Global LT Marketing and for the period from October 2017 to December 2017 Ms. Jones held the position of SVP, Global Corporate Account Sales LT Marketing. Ms. Jones served as SVP, Global Corporate Account Sales from January 2017 to October 2017 and was Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Sales from August 2014 to January 2017. 
 
 Audit Committee Information 
 We have a separate standing Audit Committee. Arjun Shah (chair), Evan Morgan, Kevin Griffin, Lawrence Prior III and Lauren Tanenbaum serve as members of our Audit Committee. Mr. Shah has been designated as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is an independent director, as defined under the OTC Pink Sheet Market listing standards, and is financially literate, meaning that they are each able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. The Audit Committee has a written charter, which is available on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.kldiscovery.com . 
 
 Codes of Ethics 
 We maintain a Code of Ethics that applies to all officers, directors and employees. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 
 
 We will provide, without charge, upon request, copies of our Code of Ethics. Requests for copies of the Code of Ethics should be sent in writing to KLDiscovery, 9023 Columbine Road, Eden Prairie, MN 55347. The Code of Ethics is also available on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.kldiscovery.com . 
 91 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Executive Compensation 
 This section provides information about our fiscal 2022 compensation for our 2022 Named Executive Officers NEOs ). As an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we are not required to include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section and have elected to comply with the scaled disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. In addition, as an emerging growth company, we are not required to hold an advisory vote, referred to as the say-on-pay vote, to approve the compensation of our NEOs. 
 
 Our Compensation Committee, the members of which are appointed by our Board, is responsible for establishing, implementing and monitoring our compensation philosophy and objectives. We intend for the total compensation paid to our executive officers to be reasonable and competitive. Compensation of our executives is structured around the achievement of individual performance and near-term corporate targets as well as long-term business objectives. 
 
 Our NEOs, who are our principal executive officer and the two next most highly compensated executive officers (other than our principal executive officer) serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2022, were: 
 Christopher J. Weiler, Chief Executive Officer 

Dawn M. Wilson, Chief Financial Officer; and 

Krystina L. Jones, Chief Revenue Officer 

2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table presents summary information regarding the total compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, for the Named Executive Officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock Awards ) (3) 

Option Awards ) (3) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

All Other Compensation ) (5) 

Total ) 

Christopher J. Weiler 
 
 2022 

500,000 

- 

(2) 
 
 253,300 

255,000 

- 

23,012 

1,031,312 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

415,385 

- 

473,450 

358,000 

- 

16,152 

1,262,986 

Dawn M. Wilson 
 
 2022 

400,000 

- 

(2) 
 
 238,400 

255,000 

- 

18,993 

912,393 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

366,154 

- 

222,800 

179,000 

- 

10,900 

778,854 

Krystina L. Jones 
 
 2022 

575,000 

(1) 
 
 - 

59,600 

45,900 

2,539,181 

17,778 

3,237,459 

Chief Revenue Officer 
 
 2021 

539,038 

(1) 
 
 - 

27,293 

34,010 

2,491,632 

37,430 

3,129,403 

(1) The amounts shown include Ms. Jones s base salary of 425,000 and 389,038 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and irrecoverable draw of 150,000 for each of 2022 and 2021, earned pursuant to the KLDiscovery 2021 Americas Legal Technology Sales Commission Plan, or the 2021 Commission Plan, which is described below under the heading Sales Commission Plan. 

(2) The annual cash bonuses for Mr. Weiler and Ms. Wilson under the Annual Bonus Plan for 2022 have not been determined. If annual cash bonuses are awarded to either Mr. Weiler or Ms. Wilson, such amounts will be disclosed in a periodic or current report filed with the SEC. 

(3) The amounts reported in these columns do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the NEO. Amounts in these columns reflect the estimated aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards and options granted during the applicable year computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used by the Company in calculating these amounts are included in Note 9 to our audited consolidated financial statements in the Annual Report. 

92 

(4) Amount reflects commissions earned by Ms. Jones pursuant to the 2021 Commission Plan, as described below under the heading Sales Commission Plan. 

(5) The amounts reported in this column for 2022 consist of Company profit sharing contribution payments pursuant to the Company s 401(k) plan of 10,768 for Mr. Weiler, 12,199 for Ms. Wilson and 12,199 for Ms. Jones, Company paid insurance premiums of 9,485 for Mr. Weiler, 5,387 for Ms. Wilson and 4,988 for Ms. Jones and wellness gift cards of 800 for Mr. Weiler. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year End 
 The following table lists all outstanding equity awards held by our NEOs as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Grant Date 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (1) 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (1) 

Option Exercise Price 

Option Expiration Date 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (2) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (3) 

Christopher J. Weiler 
 
 4/7/2022 

42,500 

89,250 

Chief Executive 
 
 3/1/2022 

33,333 

66,667 

6.00 

3/1/2032 

Officer 
 
 2/16/2021 

66,666 

33,334 

8.05 

2/15/2031 

45,000 

94,500 

Dawn M. Wilson 
 
 4/7/2022 

40,000 

84,000 

Chief Financial 
 
 3/1/2022 

33,333 

66,667 

6.00 

3/1/2032 

Officer 
 
 2/16/2021 

66,666 

33,334 

8.05 

2/15/2031 

40,000 

84,000 

4/21/2020 

5,015 

0 

9.95 

4/20/2030 

1,656 

3,478 

2/17/2020 

118,333 

248,499 

12/19/2019 

302,770 

9.90 

12/18/2029 

Krystina L. Jones 
 
 4/7/2022 

10,000 

21,000 

Chief Revenue 
 
 3/1/2022 

6,000 

12,000 

6.00 

3/1/2032 

Officer 
 
 2/16/2021 

12,666 

6,334 

8.05 

2/15/2031 

4,900 

10,290 

4/21/2020 

23,913 

9.95 

4/20/2030 

6,878 

14,444 

2/17/2020 

33,333 

69,999 

12/19/2019 

90,830 

9.90 

12/18/2029 

(1) The option vests in accordance with the Standard Option Vesting Schedule, as described below under the heading entitled Equity Compensation . 

(2) The RSUs vest in accordance with the Standard RSU Vesting Schedule, as described below under the heading entitled Equity Compensation . 

(3) The amounts shown were determined based on the per share closing market price of our common stock on December 31, 2022, which was 2.10. 

Narrative to 2022 Summary Compensation Table and Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year End 
 Compensation Philosophy Mix 
 Our NEO executive compensation program is designed to align the interests of our NEOs with the interests of our stockholders. While base salary and performance-based cash incentive opportunities reward short-term goals, equity awards promote longer-term retention and commitment to the operating results of the Company. We believe this mix rewards our NEOs for their short-term individual contributions to the Company while also incentivizing them to focus on future results. 
 
 The primary elements of compensation for our NEOs are base salary, annual cash bonuses, awards of stock options, awards of RSUs and, for Ms. Jones, commissions and an irrevocable draw through our sales commission program. Our NEOs are also eligible to participate in our employee benefit plans and programs, including medical and dental benefits, flexible spending accounts, long-term care benefits, and short- and long-term life insurance, to the same extent as our other full-time employees, subject to the terms and eligibility requirements of those plans. 
 93 

Base Salaries 
 The Company s NEOs receive a base salary to compensate them for services rendered to our Company. The base salary payable to each NEO is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive s skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. 
 
 The annual base salaries for our NEOs as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Name 
 
 Annual Base Salary as of December 31, 2021 ) 

Annual Base Salary as of December 31, 2022 ) 

Christopher J. Weiler 

500,000 

500,000 

Dawn Wilson 

400,000 

400,000 

Krystina Jones (1) 

575,000 

575,000 

(1) Amounts include the 150,000 annual irrecoverable draw payable to Ms. Jones pursuant to the 2021 Commission Plans, as further described below under the heading Sales Commission Plan. 

Annual Cash Bonuses 
 In addition to base salaries, Mr. Weiler and Ms. Wilson are eligible to participate in the KLDiscovery Inc. Corporate Annual Bonus Plan (the Annual Bonus Plan ). The Annual Bonus Plan is designed to motivate our employees to achieve corporate goals and to reward our employees for their contributions towards achievement of these goals. Our Board of Directors annually approves the Company s annual budget, which includes a discretionary bonus pool for granting awards under the Annual Bonus Plan. The extent to which the bonus pool is funded is based on the Company s achievement of certain adjusted EBITDA goals during the plan year, and bonuses are granted from the bonus pool to eligible employees based on each employee s role, seniority, and annual cash bonus target. 
 
 For 2022, the financial goals related generally to the achievement of adjusted EBITDA goals. Disclosure of how adjusted EBITDA is calculated from our audited financial statements is provided in the section of the Annual Report entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Components of our Results of Operations Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Mr. Weiler and Ms. Wilson s 2022 annual cash bonus targets, expressed as a percentage of base salary, were 75 and 60 , respectively. The annual cash bonuses for Mr. Weiler and Ms. Wilson under the Annual Bonus Plan for 2022 have not been determined, as noted in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table above. 
 
 Sales Commission Plan 
 Ms. Jones is eligible to earn sales commissions pursuant to the 2021 Commission Plan (together with the addendums thereunder). Under the 2021 Commission Plan, Ms. Jones is eligible to earn an annual irrevocable draw of 150,000, payable in equal monthly installments as well as additional monthly commission that is based on invoiced revenue multiplied by specified commission rates, payable in arrears to the extent that they exceed her monthly draw. 
 
 Equity Compensation 
 We have granted equity awards pursuant to the KLDiscovery Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan (the 2019 Plan to our eligible employees, including our NEOs, and we have historically offered stock options and RSUs as the long-term incentive component of our compensation program. The Company s stock options generally allow employees, including our NEOs, to purchase shares of our common stock at a price equal to the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Board of Directors. The Company s RSUs represent a contractual right to receive one share of our Common Stock for each RSU upon the settlement date, subject to certain vesting conditions. 
 
 94 

Generally, stock options and RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan have vesting schedules that are designed to encourage continued employment. Stock options granted to our NEOs generally vest over a three-year period, subject to continued employment and generally expire ten years from the date of grant. In the event of a change in control of the Company (a Change in Control ), the option tranche that was scheduled on the applicable vesting date immediately following the Change in Control will immediately vest and the remainder of the option will vest in each of the subsequent anniversaries of the Change in Control. We refer to this option vesting schedule herein as the Standard Option Vesting Schedule. 
 
 RSUs granted to our NEOs generally vest according to the following vesting schedule (subject to continued employment), which we refer to herein as the Standard RSU Vesting Schedule. 
 If a Change in Control occurs prior to the listing of our Common Stock on a nationally recognized stock exchange (an IPO ), a portion of the RSUs will vest upon the Change in Control and the remainder will vest in up to three annual installments thereafter unless the Change in Control occurs after the third anniversary of a specified vesting commencement date, in which case the RSUs will become fully vested upon the Change in Control; and 

If an IPO occurs before a Change in Control, a portion of the RSUs will vest upon the IPO (unless the IPO occurs before the first anniversary of a specified vesting commencement date), with the remainder vesting in three annual installments on the first three anniversaries of the specified vesting commencement date, and with additional accelerated vesting upon a subsequent Change in Control of the excess, if any, of 50 of the total number of RSUs over the amount of RSUs then vested. 

During 2022, the Company granted performance based RSUs to certain employees, including our NEOs, 50 of which vest based on the achievement of annual consolidated revenue targets and 50 of which vest based on the achievement of certain annual Nebula revenue targets. These units will vest over three annual installments based on the achievement of the annual consolidated revenue and Nebula revenue performance conditions and are not subject to any liquidity event vesting condition. If the performance conditions are not met in the first or second year, all units granted will vest in the third year if the cumulative performance conditions are met at that time. The grant of awards with performance conditions supports the Company s goal of aligning executive incentives with long-term stockholder value and ensuring that executive officers have a continuing stake in the long-term success of the Company. 
 
 From time to time, our Board of Directors may also construct alternate vesting schedules as it determines are appropriate to motivate particular employees. 
 
 In 2021 and 2022, Mr. Weiler received awards of 200,000 and 100,000 stock options, respectively. In addition, in 2021 and 2022, Mr. Weiler received awards of 85,000 RSUs and 42,500 performance based RSUs, respectively. The outstanding stock options, RSUs and performance based RSUs vest based on the Company s Standard Option Vesting Schedule, Standard RSU Vesting Schedule and performance based RSU vesting criteria described above. 
 
 In each of 2021 and 2022, Ms. Wilson received an award of 100,000 stock options. In addition, in 2021 and 2022, Ms. Wilson received awards of 40,000 RSUs and 40,000 performance based RSUs, respectively. The outstanding stock options, RSUs and performance based RSUs vest based on the Company s Standard Option Vesting Schedule, Standard RSU Vesting Schedule and performance based RSU vesting criteria described above. 
 
 In 2021 and 2022, Ms. Jones received awards of 19,000 and 18,000 stock options respectively. In addition, in 2021 and 2022, Ms. Jones received awards of 4,900 RSUs and 10,000 performance based RSUs, respectively. The outstanding stock options, RSUs and performance based RSUs vest based on the Company s Standard Option Vesting Schedule, Standard RSU Vesting Schedule and performance based RSU vesting criteria described above. 
 
 On February 19, 2021 Mr. Weiler agreed to voluntarily forfeit 40,000 RSUs, which were valued at approximately 179,000 and 100,000 stock options that, at the time of forfeiture, had an exercise price greater than the fair market value of the underlying shares. 
 
 95 

Executive Employment and Severance Arrangements 
 The Company has entered into employment and severance arrangements with each of the NEOs. The material terms and conditions of these arrangements are described below. 
 
 Christopher J. Weiler 
 Mr. Weiler is party to an employment agreement, dated September 30, 2011, and which has been subsequently amended, pursuant to which he serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The current term of the employment agreement will expire on September 30, 2023, subject to automatic one-year renewals unless either party gives written notice of non-renewal at least ninety days prior to the then-scheduled expiration of the term. Pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Weiler is entitled to an annual base salary, and is eligible to participate in an incentive program established by the Board under which Mr. Weiler may earn a bonus based on achievement of performance metrics as determined by the Board. 
 
 Mr. Weiler has also agreed to refrain from disclosing our confidential information during or at any time following his employment with us and from competing with us or soliciting our employees or customers during his employment and for one year following termination of his employment. 
 
 Mr. Weiler is also party to an executive severance agreement with the Company, dated as of September 30, 2020 and subsequently amended on December 12, 2022. In the event that Mr. Weiler s employment is terminated either by the Company without cause (as defined in his employment agreement) or by Mr. Weiler for good reason (as defined in his employment agreement), subject to his execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims and continued compliance with his restrictive covenant obligations, as described above, Mr. Weiler would be entitled to receive (i) an amount in cash equal to the sum of (A) his base salary and (B) a pro-rated bonus for the year in which his termination occurs and (ii) direct payment of or reimbursement for continued medical, dental or vision coverage pursuant to COBRA for up to 12 months. In the event that Mr. Weiler s employment is terminated either by the Company without cause or by Mr. Weiler for good reason, in either case, within three months prior to or twelve months following a change in control, then in lieu of the severance benefits described above, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims and continued compliance with his restrictive covenant obligations, as described above, Mr. Weiler would be entitled to receive (i) an amount in cash equal to 1.5 times the sum of (A) his base salary plus (B) his target annual bonus for the year of termination, (ii) direct payment of or reimbursement for continued medical, dental or vision coverage pursuant to COBRA for up to 18 months and (iii) accelerated vesting of all unvested equity or equity-based awards held by him that vest solely based on the passage of time, with any such awards that vest based on the attainment of performance-vesting conditions being governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement. 
 
 Dawn M. Wilson and Krystina L. Jones 
 The Company entered into an offer letter agreement with Ms. Wilson pursuant to which she serves as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Pursuant to her offer letter, Ms. Wilson is entitled to an annual base salary and is eligible to earn a discretionary bonus currently targeted at 60 of her annual base salary based on the achievement of key performance objectives and company performance. 
 
 Ms. Jones is party to an offer letter agreement pursuant to which Ms. Jones has been employed by the Company. Pursuant to her offer letter, Ms. Jones is entitled to an annual base salary and an irrevocable draw of 150,000, and is eligible to receive monthly commissions under the Company s current commission plan. 
 
 The Company has entered into restrictive covenant agreements with each of Mses. Wilson and Jones pursuant to which they agree to refrain from disclosing our confidential information during or at any time following their employment with us and from competing with us or soliciting our employees or customers during their employment and for one year following termination of their employment. 
 
 The Company also entered into executive severance agreements with each of Mses. Wilson and Jones. Under these severance agreements, which became effective on June 17, 2020 and were subsequently amended on December 12, 2022, in the event that Ms. Wilson or Ms. Jones s employment is terminated by the Company without cause (as defined in the severance agreements) or by Ms. Wilson or Ms. Jones for good reason (as defined in the severance 
 96 

agreements), subject to her execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims, Ms. Wilson or Ms. Jones, as applicable, would be entitled to receive (i) an amount in cash equal to the sum of (A) twelve months of her base salary, (B) a pro-rated bonus for the year in which her termination occurs, and (C) for Ms. Jones, an amount equal to six months of her average monthly sales commissions over the prior three year period and (ii) direct payment of or reimbursement for continued medical, dental or vision coverage pursuant to COBRA for up to twelve (12) months. In the event that Ms. Wilson s or Ms. Jones s employment is terminated either by the Company without cause or by Ms. Wilson or Ms. Jones, as applicable, for good reason, in either case, within three months prior to or twelve months following a change in control, then in lieu of the severance benefits described above, subject to her execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims and continued compliance with her restrictive covenant obligations, as described above, Ms. Wilson or Ms. Jones, as applicable, would be entitled to receive (i) an amount in cash equal to the sum of (A) her base salary plus (B) her target annual bonus for the year of termination and (C) for Ms. Jones, an amount equal to twelve months of her average monthly sales commissions over the prior three year period, (ii) direct payment of or reimbursement for continued medical, dental or vision coverage pursuant to COBRA for up to 12 months and (iii) accelerated vesting of all unvested equity or equity-based awards held by her that vest solely based on the passage of time, with any such awards that vest based on the attainment of performance-vesting conditions being governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement. 
 
 Other Elements of Compensation 
 
 Retirement, Health, Welfare and Additional Benefits 
 Our NEOs are eligible to participate in our employee benefit plans and programs, including medical, dental and vision benefits and life insurance, to the same extent as other full-time employees, subject to the terms and eligibility requirements of those plans. We also sponsor a 401(k) defined contribution plan in which our NEOs may participate, subject to limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to the same extent as all of our other full-time employees. The plan allows us to make discretionary employer matching contributions equal to 100 of the first 3 and 50 of the next 2 of a participant s deferral. Matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on which the contribution is made. We believe that providing a vehicle for tax-deferred retirement savings through our 401(k) plan adds to the overall desirability of our executive compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including our NEOs, in accordance with our compensation policies. We do not provide our NEOs with perquisites or other personal benefits, other than the retirement and health and welfare benefits that apply uniformly to all of our eligible employees. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 Members of our Board of Directors who are not our employees are generally eligible to participate in a compensation program, which we refer to as the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, under which a director is eligible to receive the following amounts as compensation for his or her services on our Board of Directors and its committees: 
 upon the director s initial election or appointment to the Board of Directors that occurred after the Company s business combination with Pivotal Acquisition Corp.'s Pivotal (the Business Combination ), a number of restricted stock units determined by dividing (A) 350,000 by (B) the closing price per share of common stock on the date of grant, rounded down to the nearest whole share; 

on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, if the director has served on our Board of Directors for at least six months as of the date of an annual meeting of stockholders and will continue serving as a non-employee director immediately after the Company s annual meeting of stockholders, a number of restricted stock units determined by dividing (A) 175,000 by (B) the closing price per share of Common Stock on the date of grant, rounded down to the nearest whole share; 

for the chair of our Board of Directors, an annual retainer fee of 75,000; 

for other members of the Board of Directors, an annual retainer fee of 30,000; and 

o if the director serves on a committee of our Board of Directors, an additional annual retainer fee as follows: 

o chair of the Audit Committee, 20,000; 

o Audit Committee member other than the chair, 10,000; 

97 

o chair of the Compensation Committee, 14,000; 

o Compensation Committee member other than the chair, 7,000; 

o chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, 7,500; and 

o Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee member other than the chair, 4,000. 

For fiscal year 2022, Ian Fujiyama, Arjun Shah, Lauren Tanenbaum and Richard Williams elected to not participate in the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program. In addition, Evan Morgan did not elect to receive an annual retainer fee under the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program but did elect to receive equity-based compensation under the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program. 
 
 One-third of the restricted stock units granted upon a director s initial election or appointment will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, such that the award will be fully vested on the third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued service. The restricted stock units granted annually to directors will vest in a single installment on the day before the next annual meeting, subject to continued service. In addition, all unvested restricted stock units will vest in full upon the occurrence of a change in control of our Company (as defined under the KLDiscovery Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan), subject to continued service through the date of the change of control. 
 
 Director retainer fees under the program will be payable in cash in arrears in four equal quarterly installments not later than the fifteenth day following the final day of each calendar quarter, provided that the amount of each payment will be prorated for any portion of a quarter that a director is not serving on our Board of Directors (or not serving in the applicable committee role). 
 
 Each member of our Board of Directors is entitled to be reimbursed for reasonable travel and other expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee of the Board of Directors on which he or she serves. 
 
 2022 Director Compensation Table 
 The table below shows all compensation to our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 

Stock Awards ) (1) 

All Other Compensation 

Total ) 

Kevin Griffin 

40,000 

175,000 

- 

215,000 

Donna Morea 

89,000 

175,000 

- 

264,000 

Richard Williams 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Evan Morgan 

- 

175,000 

- 

175,000 

Lawrence Prior III 

54,000 

175,000 

- 

229,000 

Ian Fujiyama 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Arjun Shah 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Lauren Tanenbaum 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1) Amounts reflect the full grant-date fair value of stock awards granted during 2022 computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. For a description of the assumptions used in valuing these awards, see Note 9 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fiscal 2022 (the Annual Report ). The table below shows the number of stock awards held as of December 31, 2022 by each of our current non-employee directors. None of our directors held outstanding option awards as of such date. 

Name 
 
 Stock Awards Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Kevin Griffin 

25,000 

Donna Morea 

25,000 

Evan Morgan 

25,000 

Lawrence Prior III 

41,666 

98 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 None of the members of the Compensation Committee is currently, or has been at any time, one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 16, 2023 by: 
 each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock (based on our review of filings with the SEC); 

each of our NEOs and directors; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined under SEC rules and regulations and generally includes securities over which a person has voting or investment power as well as certain securities a person has the right to acquire within 60 days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or right or upon the conversion of another security. As a result, unless otherwise noted, the number of shares beneficially owned by each individual or entity in the table below includes (i) shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants, (ii) shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Debentures and (iii)shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options or RSUs that have vested or will vest within 60 days of the Record Date. However, shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to certain of our stockholders if the reported closing sale price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 13.50 per share for any 20 consecutive trading days before December 19, 2024, the five-year period following the Closing Date (the Contingent Shares ), are not treated as shares beneficially owned by such persons because satisfaction of the conditions to the person s right to acquire the securities is not within such person s control. For purposes of calculating a person s beneficial ownership percentage, any shares a person has the right to acquire as outlined above are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the beneficial ownership percentage of any other person. The percentage of shares beneficially owned by each person is based o n 42,920,136 sh ares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 16, 2023. 
 
 99 

Except in cases where community property laws apply or as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares 

Directors and Executive Officers (1) 

Kevin Griffin (2)(3)(4) 

12,160,734 

23.1 

Evan Morgan (5) 

107,156 

Richard J. Williams (6) 

1,512,223 

3.5 

Donna Morea (7) 

121,808 

Christopher J. Weiler (8) 

1,721,756 

4.0 

Dawn Wilson (9) 

407,784 

Krystina Jones (10) 

265,720 

Arjun Shah 

Lawrence Prior III 

97,581 

Ian Fujiyama 

Lauren Tanenbaum 

All executive officers and directors as a group (11 individuals) 

16,394,762 

30.7 

Five Percent Holders 

Pivotal Acquisition Holdings LLC (2) 

5,041,192 

11.1 

The Carlyle Group Inc. (11) 

19,996,804 

46.6 

OTPP (12) 

8,330,331 

16.7 

MGG (3) 

7,094,542 

14.3 

Jonathan J. Ledecky (13) 

4,636,436 

10.3 

Revolution (14) 

4,098,642 

9.5 

Linden Capital L.P. (15) 

3,092,501 

6.7 

Denotes less than 1 . 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o KLDiscovery Inc., 9023 Columbine Road, Eden Prairie, MN 55347. 

(2) Includes (i) 2,395,608 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 2,645,584 shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of Private Warrants held of record by Pivotal Spac Funding LLC, an affiliate of Mr. Griffin. Pivotal Spac Funding LLC is controlled by certain investment funds and/or accounts for which MGG is the investment advisor. MGG is controlled by Mr. Griffin, its Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Gregory Racz, its President and Chief Legal Officer. Each of Mr. Griffin and Mr. Racz disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by the investment funds affiliated with MGG. The business address of MGG is One Penn Plaza, New York, New York 10119. 

(3) Includes (i) 250,000 shares of Common Stock held of record and (ii) 6,800,222 shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon conversion of Debentures held of record by certain investment funds and/or accounts for which MGG is the investment advisor. MGG is controlled by Mr. Griffin, its Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Gregory Racz, its President and Chief Legal Officer. Each of Mr. Griffin and Mr. Racz disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by the investment funds affiliated with MGG. The business address of MGG is One Penn Plaza, New York, New York 10119. 

(4) Includes 44,320 RSUs originally awarded to Mr. Griffin that were transferred to the investment funds for which MGG is the investment advisor. 

(5) Includes (i) 4,984 shares of common stock held by Conifer Partners and (ii) 32,852 shares of common stock held by Radcliff Principal Holdings LLC. Does not include (i) 315 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to Conifer Partners and (ii) 2,077 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to Radcliff Principal Holdings LLC. Mr. Morgan has, or, in the case of the Contingent Shares, will have, voting and dispositive control over such shares of Common Stock and Contingent Shares. 

(6) Includes 1,512,223 shares of common stock held by WestView; does not include 95,600 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to WestView. Mr. Williams is a co-managing partner of this entity and has, or, in the case of the Contingent Shares, will have, voting and dispositive control over such shares of common stock and Contingent Shares. 

100 

(7) Includes 52,488 shares of Common Stock held by Ms. Morea. This does not include 3,318 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to Ms. Morea. 

(8) Includes 1,655,090 shares of common stock held by Mr. Weiler; also includes 66,666 vested options that may be exercised by Mr. Weiler; does not include 133,713 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to Mr. Weiler. Does not include 45,000 RSUs for which the time-based vesting requirements have been satisfied, but which remain subject to the condition that a change in control or the listing of the Common Stock on a nationally recognized stock exchange Listing Event occur before these RSUs fully vest. See Company Named Executive Officers and Director Compensation Equity Compensation in Item 11, Executive Compensation. 

(9) Includes 407,784 vested options that may be exercised by Ms. Wilson. Does not include 159,989 RSUs for which the time-based vesting requirements have been satisfied, but which remain subject to the condition that a change in control or Listing Event occur before these RSUs fully vest. See Company Named Executive Officers and Director Compensation Equity Compensation in Item 11, Executive Compensation. 

(10) Includes 140,282 shares of common stock held by Ms. Jones and 125,438 vested options that may be exercised by Ms. Jones; does not include 8,025 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to Ms. Jones. Does not include 5,111 RSUs for which the time-based vesting requirements have been satisfied, but which remain subject to the condition that a change in control or Listing Event occur before these RSUs fully vest. See Company Named Executive Officers and Director Compensation Equity Compensation in Item 11, Executive Compensation. 

(11) Includes (i) 18,261,123 shares of common stock held of record by CEOF II DE I AIV, L.P., (ii) 1,658,789 shares of common stock held of record by CEOF II Coinvestment (DE), L.P. and (iii) 76,892 shares of common stock held of record by CEOF II Coinvestment B (DE), L.P.; does not include (i) 1,154,439 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to CEOF II DE I AIV, L.P., (ii) 104,866 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to CEOF II Coinvestment (DE), L.P. and (iii) 4,861 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to CEOF II Coinvestment B (DE), L.P. Carlyle Group Management L.L.C. is the general partner of The Carlyle Group Inc., which is a publicly traded entity listed on NASDAQ. The Carlyle Group Inc. is the sole shareholder of Carlyle Holdings I GP Inc., which is the sole member of Carlyle Holdings I GP Sub L.L.C., which is the general partner of Carlyle Holdings I L.P., which is the sole member of TC Group, L.L.C., which is the general partner of TC Group Sub L.P., which is the sole member of CEOF II DE GP AIV, L.L.C., which is the general partner CEOF II DE AIV GP, L.P., which is the general partner of each of the three identified funds that is a record holder of our common stock. Accordingly, each of the foregoing entities may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by, or that may be issuable to, the record holder funds. The address of each of the persons or entities named in this footnote is c/o The Carlyle Group, 1001 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Suite 220 South, Washington, D.C. 20004-2505. 

(12) According to a Schedule 13D filed jointly by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board, or OTPP, and 1397225 Ontario Limited with the SEC on April 7, 2022, each reporting person has shared voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 8,132,887 shares of Common Stock and sole voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 0 shares of Common Stock. Includes (i) 1,478,379 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 1,411,775 shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of Debenture Holder Warrants, and (iii) 5,440,177 shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon conversion of Debentures. The President and Chief Executive Officer of OTPP has delegated to each of Mr. Christopher Witkowski and Mr. Michael Merkoulovitch the authority to implement disposition decisions with respect to the shares of common stock that are held by or may be acquired by 1397225; however, approval of such decisions is made by senior personnel within the capital markets group of OTPP in accordance with internal portfolio guidelines. Voting decisions are made by personnel within the public equities group of OTPP in accordance with internal proxy voting guidelines. As such, each of Messrs. Witkowski and Merkoulovitch expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock that are held by or may be acquired by 1397225. The business address of the reporting persons is 5650 Yonge Street, Toronto, Ontario M2M 4H5. 

(13) Includes (i) 2,675,000 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Jonathan Ledecky and (ii) 1,939,697 shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of Private Warrants. The business address of the reporting person is c/o Graubard Miller, 405 Lexington Avenue, 11th Floor, NY, NY 10174. 

(14) According to a Schedule 13G filed jointly by Revolution Growth III, LP, Revolution Growth GP III, LP, Revolution Growth UGP III, LLC and Steven J. Murray with the SEC on February 3, 2020, each reporting person has shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 4,098,642 shares of Common Stock and sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 0 shares of Common Stock. The amount does not include 259,110 Contingent Shares that may be issuable to Revolution Growth III. Steven J. Murray is the operating manager of Revolution Growth UGP III, LLC, the general partner of Revolution Growth GP III, LP, which is the general partner of Revolution Growth III, LP. Revolution Growth UGP III, LLC, Revolution Growth GP III, LP and Mr. Murray may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares of Common Stock. The business address of the reporting persons is 1717 Rhode Island Avenue, NW, 10th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20036. 

101 

(15) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by Linden Capital L.P., Linden GP LLC, Linden Advisors LP and Siu Min Wong with the SEC on January 31, 2022, (i) Linden Capital and Linden GP each have shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 2,823,924 shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of Public Warrants and sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 0 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) Linden Advisors and Mr. Wong each have shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 3,092,501 shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of Public Warrants and sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 0 shares of Common Stock. Linden GP is the general partner of Linden Capital. Linden Advisers is the investment manager of Linden Capital and trading advisor or investment advisors of certain managed accounts. Mr. Wong is the principal owner and controlling person of Linden Advisors and Linden GP. In such capacities, Linden GP may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held of record by Linden Capital, and each of Linden Advisors and Mr. Wong may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held of record of each of Linden Capital and the managed accounts. The business address for Linden Capital is Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda. The business address for each of Linden Advisors, Linden GP and Mr. Wong is 590 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides certain information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to our equity compensation plans under which common stock is authorized for issuance: 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in First Column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

7,634,448 
 
 (2) 

7.92 
 
 (3) 

3,395,118 
 
 (4) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

(1) Consists of the 2019 Incentive Award Plan 2019 Plan and the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). 

(2) Includes 5,757,779 outstanding options to purchase stock under the 2019 Plan and 1,876,448 restricted stock units that were outstanding under the 2019 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) Represents the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options under the 2019 Plan. 

(4) As of December 31, 2022, a total of 3,395,118 shares of Common Stock were available for issuance, consisting of 2,145,118 shares under the 2019 Plan and 1,250,000 shares under the ESPP. Pursuant to the 2019 Plan, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan automatically increases on each January 1 until and including January 1, 2029, by an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) 5 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee of the Board approved an increase to the share reserve as set out in the 2019 Plan in February 2022 in the amount of 2,134,227 shares. Pursuant to the terms of the ESPP, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the ESPP automatically increases on each January 1 until and including January 1, 2029, by an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 1 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors determined that the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP would not increase on January 1, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Independence of Directors 
 The Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheet Market and we adhere to its rules in determining whether a director is independent. The OTC Pink Sheet Market listing standards generally define an independent director as a person, other than an executive officer or employee of the issuer, or any other individual having a relationship 
 102 

which, in the opinion of the issuer s Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has reviewed its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of each director. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his/her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our Board of Directors has determined that each of Donna Morea, Ian Fujiyama, Kevin Griffin, Evan Morgan, Lawrence Prior III, Arjun Shah, Lauren Tanenbaum, Richard Williams and Lloyd Howell Jr. does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is an independent director. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 
 Related Person Transaction Policy and Procedures 
 The Board of Directors has adopted a written policy and procedures for the review of all related party transactions. Further, our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the Board of Directors (or the Audit Committee). Related party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our Common Stock, or (c) immediate family member of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b) has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 5 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict-of-interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 
 
 Our Audit Committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The Audit Committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he or she is a related party, but that director is required to provide the Audit Committee with all material information concerning the transaction. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete an annual directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 
 
 These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 
 
 Set forth below is a description of certain relationships and transactions with related parties since January 1, 2021, involving our directors, executive officers, beneficial holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or persons or entities affiliated with them. 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 On December 16, 2019, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, which was subsequently amended on November 19, 2021 (the Purchase Agreement with Ontario Teachers Pension Plan, another large global financial institution and affiliates of MGG Investment Group LP, an affiliate of Kevin Griffin, a member of our Board of Directors MGG ), each of which is a greater than 5 beneficial owner of Common Stock (the Purchasers ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, on the Closing Date, we sold an aggregate principal amount of 200 million of the Debentures in a private placement to the Purchasers. The Debentures have a term of five years and are repayable at any time prior to maturity without any prepayment penalty. However, in the event we elect to pre-pay the Debentures, the holders will have a right to purchase Common Stock from us in an amount commensurate in value to the pre-payment at a price of 18 per share, subject to adjustment. Additionally, the holders may convert the Debentures into shares of our Common Stock at the same conversion price at any time. The 
 103 

Debentures, which mature on December 19, 2024, are described in greater detail in Note 7 Long-term debt, business and summary of significant accounting policies to our audited consolidated financial statements . As of December 31, 2022, 12.4 million, including payment in kind interest, of our Debentures are held by affiliates of MGG. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 4.7 million in interest expense related to the Debentures held by affiliates of MGG. 
 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, we entered into a Stockholders Agreement (as amended on March 25, 2020 and further amended on February 2, 2021) Stockholders Agreement with affiliates of The Carlyle Group TCG and Revolution Growth, each of which is a greater than 5 beneficial owner of Common Stock and Mses. Morea and Tanenbaum and Messrs. Fujiyama, Prior and Shah, each a Director, are affiliates of TCG, and Mr. Morgan, a Director, is an affiliate of Revolution. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, (i) the holders of a majority of the shares of our Common Stock held by such TCG entities and Revolution Growth have the right to designate candidates to be appointed or nominated for election to our Board of Directors, with the number of nominees to be determined based on their aggregate ownership of common stock. For so long as these parties to the Stockholders Agreement maintain collective ownership of at least 65 or more of the total number of shares of Common Stock they owned as of the Closing Date, they will have the right to designate up to six persons to be appointed or nominated for election to our Board of Directors; to the extent the aggregate ownership drops below 65 of such number but is greater than or equal to 35 thereof, these parties will have the right to designate up to three persons to be appointed or nominated for election to our Board of Directors; and to the extent the aggregate ownership drops below 35 of such number but is greater than or equal to 10 thereof, these parties will have the right to designate one person to be appointed or nominated for election to our Board of Directors. For so long as these parties have the right to designate one more nominees and have not exercised their right, or none of their nominees have been elected or appointed to the board, these parties may designate a board observer to attend and participate in all meetings of our Board of Directors or any committees thereof in a non-voting capacity. The stockholders agreement will terminate automatically if these parties cease to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock (on a non-fully diluted basis), provided, that certain provisions of the stockholders agreement survive termination, including with respect to certain expense reimbursement, indemnification and insurance matters. 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with certain affiliates of TCG, Revolution Growth and the other pre-Business Combination stockholders (the LD Topco Stockholders of LD Topco Inc. LD Topco ), Pivotal, and the other holders of our Class B common stock that were issued prior to our IPO (which were converted upon consummation of the Business Combination into our single class of Common Stock on a one-for-one basis). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, these stockholders were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights with respect to the resale of our securities they hold, subject to certain conditions set forth therein. Specifically, the affiliates of TCG were granted demand registration rights and, subject to certain limitations, all parties to the agreement were granted piggyback registration rights to participate in registrations of our securities, including Company-initiated registrations and demand registrations initiated by other security holders with such rights. 
 
 Other Matters 
 Matt Weiler and Nick Weiler, the sons of Christopher Weiler, our Chief Executive Officer, have been employed with KLDiscovery since 2015 and 2017, respectively. Matt Weiler currently serves as a Senior Director, Client Shared Services in our Client Shared Services division and Nick Weiler currently serves as a Managing Director, Business Development in our Global Sales and Marketing division. In 2022, each of Matt Weiler and Nick Weiler received total annual salaries and cash incentives of less than 225,000 and annual equity compensation, including stock options and restricted stock units, of less than 50,000. Matt Weiler and Nick Weiler s equity compensation vests in accordance with the Company s standard vesting schedules, as described in 2022 Executive Compensation Equity Compensation. 
 
 We have entered into an indemnification agreement with each of our directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements, together with our amended and restated bylaws, provide that we will jointly and 
 104 

severally indemnify each indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law from and against all loss and liability suffered and expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of the indemnitee in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding that arises by reason of the indemnitee s status or service as an executive officer or director. Additionally, we agree to provide an advance to the indemnitee of all out-of-pocket costs of any type incurred in connection therewith. 
 
 From time to time, we may make sales to and purchases from companies that are affiliated with TCG. Such transactions have been entered into in the ordinary course of business and are not considered material or related party transactions. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee maintains policies and procedures for the pre-approval of work performed by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm and, pursuant to the Audit Committee charter, all auditor engagements must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee. All of the services provided to the Company by Ernst Young LLP EY ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, during fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees and expenses billed to us by our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal years 2021 and 2022: 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Audit Fees (1) 

1,442,000 

1,293,500 

Tax Fees (2) 

200,791 

246,620 

All Other Fees (3) 

131,575 

56,029 

Total 

1,774,366 

1,596,149 

(1) Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for tax consultation services for the Business Combination and professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. 

(3) Other Fees. Other fees consist of fees associated with the Company s filing on Form S-1 dated November 23, 2021 and fees billed for advisory services. 

105 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financi al Statement Schedules. 
 1. Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth under Item 8 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules None. 

3. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 20, 2019, by and among Pivotal Acquisition Corp., Pivotal Merger Sub Corp., LD Topco, Inc., and Carlyle Equity Opportunity GP, LP (solely as representative of the stockholders of LD Topco, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2019) 

2.2 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 30, 2019, by and among Pivotal Acquisition Corp., Pivotal Merger Sub Corp., LD Topco, Inc., and Carlyle Equity Opportunity GP, LP (solely as representative of the stockholders of LD Topco, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2019) 

2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of October 30, 2019, as amended on October 30, 2019, by and among Pivotal Acquisition Corp., Pivotal Merger Sub Corp., LD Topco, Inc. and Carlyle Equity Opportunity GP, L.P. (solely as representative of the stockholders of LD Topco, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2019) 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of KLDiscovery Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of KLDiscovery Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of KLDiscovery Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate of KLDiscovery Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Pivotal Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 1, 2019) 

4.4 
 
 Form of 8.00 Convertible Debenture due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

4.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2019, by and among Pivotal Acquisition Corp. and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2019) 

4.6 
 
 First Amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2021 by and among KLDiscovery Inc. (formerly known as Pivotal Acquisition Corp.) and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2022) 

4.7 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 19, 2019, by and among Pivotal Acquisition Corp., affiliates of Carlyle Equity Opportunity GP, L.P. and Revolution Growth III, LP and certain other signatories thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

4.8 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 18, 2021) 

10.1 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

106 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2011, between LDiscovery, LLC and Christopher Weiler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed June 21, 2019) 

10.3 
 
 Offer Letter, dated as of September 30, 2006, between LegisDiscovery, LLC and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed June 21, 2019) 

10.4 
 
 Offer Letter, dated as of August 25, 2017, between KrolLDiscovery and Dawn Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed June 21, 2019) 

10.5 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed September 16, 2019) 

10.6 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed September 16, 2019) 

10.7 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

10.9 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated December 19, 2019, by and among Pivotal Acquisition Corp., affiliates of Carlyle Equity Opportunity GP, L.P. and Revolution Growth III, LP and certain other signatories thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 26, 2019) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment to Stockholders Agreement, dated March 23, 2020, by and among KLDiscovery Inc. (formerly known as Pivotal Acquisition Corp.) and CEOF II DE I AIV, LP, a partnership, and Revolution Growth III, LP, and certain other signatories thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 18, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Second Amendment to Stockholders Agreement, dated February 2, 2021, by and among KLDiscovery Inc. (formerly known as Pivotal Acquisition Corp.) and CEOF II DE I AIV, LP, a partnership, and Revolution Growth III, LP, and certain other signatories thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 18, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 KLDiscovery Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program (as amended and restated effective as of June 15, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 12, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Executive Severance and Novation Agreement dated June 17, 2020 by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Dawn Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 13, 2020) 

10.14 
 
 Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Dawn Wilson 

10.15 
 
 Executive Severance and Novation Agreement dated June 17, 2020 by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 13, 2020) 

10.16 
 
 Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Krystina Jones 

10.17 
 
 Executive Severance and Novation Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Christopher Weiler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 12, 2020) 

10.18 
 
 Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Christopher Weiler 

10.19 # 
 
 Kroll Discovery 2018 Legal Technology Sales Commission Plan, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 12, 2020) 

10.20 # 
 
 KLDiscovery (January-December 2018) Sales Commission Plan Sales Performance Addendum, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 12, 2020) 

107 

10.21 # 
 
 KLDiscovery 2020 Americas Legal Technology Sales Commission Plan, by and between KLDiscovery, Inc. and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 12, 2020) 

10.22 # 
 
 KLDiscovery 2020 Sales Commission Plan Sales Performance Addendum, by and between KLDiscovery, Inc. and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 12, 2020) 

10.23 # 
 
 KLDiscovery 2020 Sales Commission Plan Sales Performance Second Addendum dated as of October 25, 2021 by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2022) 

10.24 # 
 
 KLDiscovery 2023 Sales Commission Plan dated as of November 1, 2022 by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Krystina Jones 

10.25# 
 
 Software License Agreement dated as of December 24, 2020 by and between LDiscovery LLC and Relativity ODA LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 18, 2021) 

10.26# 
 
 First Amendment to the Software License Agreement dated as of July 21, 2021 by and between LDiscovery LLC and Relativity ODA LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2022) 

10.27# 
 
 Second Amendment to the Software License Agreement dated as of October 22, 2021 by and between KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (successor-in-interest to LDiscovery LLC) and Relativity ODA LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2022) 

10.28# 
 
 Third Amendment to the Software License Agreement dated as of January 1, 2022 by and between KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (successor-in-interest to LDiscovery LLC) and Relativity ODA LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2022) 

10.29 # 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the Software License Agreement dated as of June 10, 2022 by and between KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (successor-in-interest to LDiscovery LLC) and Relativity ODA LLC 

10.30 # 
 
 Fifth Amendment to the Software License Agreement dated as of January 1, 2023 by and between KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (successor-in-interest to LDiscovery LLC) and Relativity ODA LLC 

10.31 # 
 
 Sixth Amendment to the Software License Agreement dated as of January 5, 2023 by and between KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (successor-in-interest to LDiscovery LLC) and Relativity ODA LLC 

10.32 # 
 
 Seventh Amendment to the Software License Agreement dated as of February 28, 2023 by and between KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (successor-in-interest to LDiscovery LLC) and Relativity ODA LLC 

10.33 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2021, by and among LD Lower Holdings Inc., LD Topco Inc, and other guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, each L/C Issuer party thereto and Wilmington Trust National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2021) 

10.34 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2023, by and among KLDiscovery Holdings, Inc (f/k/a LD Lower Holdings Inc.), LD Topco Inc, and other guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Ally Bank as a lender and L/C Issuer, and Wilmington Trust National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent 

10.35 
 
 Pay Change Letter, dated June 15, 2021, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Christopher Weiler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 12, 2021) 

10.36 
 
 Pay Change Letter, dated June 15 2021, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Dawn Wilson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 12, 2021) 

10.37 
 
 Pay Change Letter, dated June 15, 2021, by and between KLDiscovery Inc. and Krystina Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 12, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

108 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Submitted electronically herewith. 
 # Certain information contained in this agreement has been omitted in reliance on Item 601(b)(10)(iv) because the omitted material is both (1) private or confidential and (2) not material. 
 Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None . 
 109 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 16 th day of March, 2023 . 

KLDiscovery Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Christopher J. Weiler 

Christopher J. Weiler 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Christopher J. Weiler 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Christopher J. Weiler 

/s/ Dawn Wilson 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Dawn Wilson 

/s/ Lawrence Prior III 
 
 Chair of the Board 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Lawrence Prior III 

/s/ Ian Fujiyama 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Ian Fujiyama 

/s/ Kevin Griffin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Kevin Griffin 

/s/ Lloyd W. Howell Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Lloyd W. Howell Jr. 

/s/ Donna Morea 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Donna Morea 

/s/ Evan Morgan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Evan Morgan 

/s/ Arjun Shah 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Arjun Shah 

/s/ Lauren Tanenbaum 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Lauren Tanenbaum 

/s/ Richard Williams 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 

Richard Williams 

110 

<EX-10>
 2
 kld-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 
 AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment (this Amendment to the Executive Severance Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2020, by and among (i) KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC., KLDiscovery ); and (ii) Dawn Wilson Executive (the Agreement ), is made and entered into as of December 22, 2022 (the Amendment Date ). All capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Agreement, a copy of which is set out at Exhibit 1, set out certain severance benefits to be provided to the Executive upon a qualifying termination event; 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of KLDiscovery Inc authorized on December 15, 2022 an amendment to the severance benefits in the Agreement for the Executive; 
 WHEREAS , KLDiscovery and Executive agree that the terms of the Agreement shall be amended on the terms of this Amendment from the Amendment Date upon a qualifying termination event (as such is set out in the Agreement). 
 AMENDMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows from the Amendment Date: 
 1. Section 2(b)(i) of the Agreement shall be deleted and be replaced by new Section 2(b)(i): 

(i) an amount in cash equal to 12 (twelve) months of Executive s Base Salary, whereas it is acknowledged and accepted by all Parties to this Agreement that the Voluntary Reduction shall have no effect in determining the applicable payments set out in this agreement, even if the Voluntary Reduction is agreed to continue beyond its intended phase; payable in the form of salary continuation in regular installments over the 12 month period following the date of Executive s Separation from Service (the Severance Period in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices . 
 2. Section 2(c)(iii) of the Agreement shall be deleted and be replaced by new Section 2(c)(iii): 

(iii) all unvested equity or equity-based awards held by Executive under any equity compensation plans of KLDiscovery Inc that vest solely based on the passage of time shall immediately become 100 vested on the later of Executive s Date of Termination or the date of consummation of the Change in Control (for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any such awards that vest in whole or in part based on the attainment of performance-vesting conditions, the attainment of the service component portion of the vesting criteria of such awards shall be deemed satisfied, and the attainment of the performance component portion of the vesting and/or payment criteria of such awards shall be governed by the terms of the applicable plan and award agreement) and, in order to effectuate the foregoing, (A) such unvested equity awards will not be forfeited solely as a result of Executive s CIC Qualifying Termination between the date of Executive s CIC Qualifying Termination and the date on which they would vest under the foregoing provisions of this 

Exhibit 10.14 
 paragraph, and (B) the post-termination exercise period of any unvested stock options that vest under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph will be extended until the 90th day after they vest (or, if earlier, until the latest date on which such stock options could have expired by their original terms under any circumstances or the 10th anniversary of the grant date of such stock options); but all such awards shall remain subject to all of the other terms and conditions of their governing plan and award agreement (including any requirement to comply with restrictive covenants and the associated forfeiture penalties for breach of covenants) . 
 3. Affirmation. This Amendment is to be read and construed with the Agreement as constituting one and the same agreement. Except as specifically modified by this Amendment, all remaining provisions, terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

4. Defined Terms. All terms not herein defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

5. This Amendment constitutes a written modification of the Agreement pursuant to Section 7(g) of the Agreement and is duly authorized by an officer of KLDiscovery and the Employee. 

6. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

Exhibit 10.14 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the parties hereto has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 

By: ____/s/ Chris Weiler______________ 
 	Name: 	Chris Weiler 
 	Title:	CEO 

___/s/ Dawn Wilson_________________ 
 Dawn Wilson 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 kld-ex10_16.htm
 EX-10.16

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.16 
 
 AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment (this Amendment to the Executive Severance Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2020, by and among (i) KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC., KLDiscovery and (ii) Krystina Jones Executive (the Agreement ), is made and entered into as of December 22, 2022 (the Amendment Date ). All capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Agreement, a copy of which is set out at Exhibit 1, set out certain severance benefits to be provided to the Executive upon a qualifying termination event; 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of KLDiscovery Inc authorized on December 15, 2022 an amendment to the severance benefits in the Agreement for the Executive; 
 WHEREAS , KLDiscovery and Executive agree that the terms of the Agreement shall be amended on the terms of this Amendment from the Amendment Date upon a qualifying termination event (as such is set out in the Agreement). 
 AMENDMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows from the Amendment Date: 
 1. Section 2(b)(i) of the Agreement shall be deleted and be replaced by new Section 2(b)(i): 

(i) an amount in cash equal to: (a) twelve (12) months of the Executive s Base Salary, payable in the form of salary continuation in regular installments over the twelve (12) month period following the Executive s Date of Termination (the Severance Period in accordance with KLDiscovery s normal payroll practices, plus (b) a total equal to six (6) months of Executive s average monthly Sales Commission over the three (3) year period including any incentive bonus payments prior to the Date of Termination, payable in regular instalments over the six (6) month period on the standard payment cycle for Sales Commissions . 
 
 2. Section 2(c)(iii) of the Agreement shall be deleted and be replaced by new Section 2(c)(iii): 

(iii) all unvested equity or equity-based awards held by Executive under any equity compensation plans of KLDiscovery Inc that vest solely based on the passage of time shall immediately become 100 vested on the later of Executive s Date of Termination or the date of consummation of the Change in Control (for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any such awards that vest in whole or in part based on the attainment of performance-vesting conditions, the attainment of the service component portion of the vesting criteria of such awards shall be deemed satisfied, and the attainment of the performance component portion of the vesting and/or payment criteria of such awards shall be governed by the terms of the applicable plan and award agreement) and, in order to effectuate the foregoing, (A) such unvested equity awards will not be forfeited solely as a result of Executive s CIC Qualifying Termination between the date of Executive s CIC Qualifying 

Exhibit 10.16 
 
 Termination and the date on which they would vest under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, and (B) the post-termination exercise period of any unvested stock options that vest under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph will be extended until the 90th day after they vest (or, if earlier, until the latest date on which such stock options could have expired by their original terms under any circumstances or the 10th anniversary of the grant date of such stock options); but all such awards shall remain subject to all of the other terms and conditions of their governing plan and award agreement (including any requirement to comply with restrictive covenants and the associated forfeiture penalties for breach of covenants) . 
 3. Affirmation. This Amendment is to be read and construed with the Agreement as constituting one and the same agreement. Except as specifically modified by this Amendment, all remaining provisions, terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

4. Defined Terms. All terms not herein defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

5. This Amendment constitutes a written modification of the Agreement pursuant to Section 7(g) of the Agreement and is duly authorized by an officer of KLDiscovery and the Employee. 

6. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

Exhibit 10.16 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the parties hereto has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 

By: ___/s/ Chris Weiler__________________ 
 	Name:	Chris Weiler 
 	Title:	CEO 

__/s/ Krystina Jones____________________ 
 Krystina Jones 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 kld-ex10_18.htm
 EX-10.18

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.18 
 AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment (this Amendment to the Executive Severance Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among (i) KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC., KLDiscovery ); and (ii) Christopher Weiler Executive (the Agreement ), is made and entered into as of December 22, 2022 (the Amendment Date ). All capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Agreement, a copy of which is set out at Exhibit 1, set out certain severance benefits to be provided to the Executive upon a qualifying termination event; 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of KLDiscovery Inc authorized on December 15, 2022 an amendment to the severance benefits in the Agreement for the Executive solely relating to the treatment of equity awards granted to Executive; 
 WHEREAS , KLDiscovery and Executive agree that the terms of the Agreement shall be amended on the terms of this Amendment from the Amendment Date upon a qualifying termination event (as such is set out in the Agreement). 
 AMENDMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows from the Amendment Date: 
 1. Section 3(e)(iii) of the Agreement shall be deleted and be replaced by new Section 3(e)(iii): 

(iii) all unvested equity or equity-based awards held by Executive under any equity compensation plans of KLDiscovery Inc that vest solely based on the passage of time shall immediately become 100 vested on the later of Executive s Date of Termination or the date of consummation of the Change in Control (for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any such awards that vest in whole or in part based on the attainment of performance-vesting conditions, the attainment of the service component portion of the vesting criteria of such awards shall be deemed satisfied, and the attainment of the performance component portion of the vesting and/or payment criteria of such awards shall be governed by the terms of the applicable plan and award agreement) and, in order to effectuate the foregoing, (A) such unvested equity awards will not be forfeited solely as a result of Executive s CIC Qualifying Termination between the date of Executive s CIC Qualifying Termination and the date on which they would vest under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, and (B) the post-termination exercise period of any unvested stock options that vest under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph will be extended until the 90th day after they vest (or, if earlier, until the latest date on which such stock options could have expired by their original terms under any circumstances or the 10th anniversary of the grant date of such stock options); but all such awards shall remain subject to all of the other terms and conditions of their governing plan and award agreement (including any requirement to comply with restrictive covenants and the associated forfeiture penalties for breach of covenants) . 

Exhibit 10.18 
 2. Affirmation. This Amendment is to be read and construed with the Agreement as constituting one and the same agreement. Except as specifically modified by this Amendment, all remaining provisions, terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

3. Defined Terms. All terms not herein defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

4. This Amendment constitutes a written modification of the Employment Agreement between Executive and KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (as successor to LDiscovery, LLC dated September 30, 2011) pursuant to Section 10(f) of the Employment Agreement and is duly authorized by an officer of KLDiscovery and the Executive. The provisions of Section 10(a) and 10(i) of the Employment Agreement shall govern this Amendment, to the fullest extent applicable, and are hereby incorporated into this Amendment. 

5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

Exhibit 10.18 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the parties hereto has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 

By: __/s/ Andrew Southam___________ 
 	Name: 	Andrew Southam 
 	Title: 	General Counsel 

__/s/ Chris Weiler__________________ 
 Christopher Weiler 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 kld-ex10_24.htm
 EX-10.24

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 KLDiscovery 
 2023 Americas Legal Technology Sales Commission Plan 
 Effective November 1, 2022 
 
 1. 	 Plan Purpose 
 1.1	This document outlines the terms and conditions of the Sales Commission Plan commencing from November 1, 2022 through December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Commission Plan for KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC (the Company ). The 2023 Commission Plan is designed to compensate, reward and provide incentive to each Legal Technology sales employee Employee to achieve superior sales performance, whilst at the same time encouraging the highest level of client satisfaction in an ethical and responsible manner. 
 1.2	The definitions that apply to certain terms of the 2023 Commission Plan are set out in Appendix 1. 
 2.	 Legacy Plans 
 2.1	All previous Sales Commission Plans including, but not limited to, the 2020 Sales Commission Plan, together with any Addendums issued pursuant to the 2020 Sales Commission Plan shall, from the effective date of this 2023 Commission Plan, be superseded by the terms of this 2023 Sales Commission Plan. 
 3. 	 Summary of Employee Compensation 
 3.1	Each Employee will be remunerated through two types of compensation: (i) Monthly Draw; and (ii) Commission pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Commission Plan (as described in section 5 below) 
 4. 	 Monthly Draw 
 4.1	An Employee s monthly draw equals their base salary divided by twelve (12) months to establish a base monthly amount Monthly Draw ). Irrespective of any Commission payable pursuant to the 2023 Commission Plan, an Employee will always receive their Monthly Draw. The Monthly Draw amount is important as it regulates the Commission payments due to the Employee under the 2023 Commission Plan. Note that the Monthly Draw amount applies to the Calculation Period regardless of the Payment Period and regardless of the Employee s employment status with the Company (such as termination). 
 5. 	 Description of 2023 Commission Plan 	 
 5.1	Commission is based upon Revenue multiplied by the appropriate commission rate relating to the applicable service as set out in the commission table below Commission ). 
 	 Standard Revenue 
 5.2	An Employee will receive Commission for all Revenue other than [ ]. Commission rates vary depending on type of services and timing of the FID for a matter or subscription. Subscription renewals will be paid out using the initial subscriptions FID as the base for determining the Commission rate, unless otherwise approved in writing by the EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. 
 The following definitions apply: 
 [ ] = [ ]; 
 [ ] = [ ]; and 
 [ ] = [ ]. 

Exhibit 10.24 

[ ] 
 [ ] 

[ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

[ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

[ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

[ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

[ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

[ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

Net New shall mean new [ ] matters which have not previously been invoiced and shall not apply to existing [ ] matters, subscriptions or renewals. 
 Notes: 
 1. 	 [ ] rate for [ ] if pricing does not exceed minimum pricing thresholds for established services. In addition, projects where outside contractors are used to perform the services will be paid Commission only on the gross margin dollars of the project for the Company versus the full Revenue. 
 2. 	 Including but not limited to [ ], travel expenses, supplies, freight, delivery media, etc. These are all items where the Company makes zero to small profit margins. 
 3. 	 Net New [ ] matters with a FID between November 1, 2021 to October 31, 2022 shall have a Commission of [ ] for the life of the matter. 
 
 	 Professional Services Revenue 
 5.3 	Professional Services includes all Revenue relating to [ ] services. 
 General Principles relating to Commission 
 5.4	It is at Company s discretion to modify the Commission rates at any time and for any reason. This may include modifying the Commission rates generally or for any specified large client accounts. 
 5.5	Revenue is calculated after taking into consideration: (i) any sales credits issued against the invoice or estimated sales reserves; and (ii) any service credits issued against the invoice (e.g. for poor or defective work performance or other disputes with clients). Fully executed customer contracts, including ancillary documents such as data processing agreements or business associate agreements, are required for all commissionable Revenue with the exception of [ ] services. Commissions will not be earned or paid unless an executed customer contract is available by the end of the Calculation Period. 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 5.6	For the sake of clarity, unless specifically approved by the SVP, Global Sales Marketing, any and all customer credits, debits, voids, returns or other adjustments to a customer s invoice will be deducted from the Employee s Revenue calculation and individual Quota attainment used in determining Commissions. 
 5.7	Commissions will only be paid to an Employee in the applicable Payment Period to the extent that the total Commissions in the Calculation Period exceeds the Employee s Monthly Draw. For example, in the event that the Employee s Monthly Draw is [ ] a month and their monthly Commission total was [ ], the Employee would only receive the Monthly Draw for that month. If the Commission total was [ ], the Employee would receive an additional [ ] in Commission, which is the amount by which the Commission exceeds the Monthly Draw. 
 5.8	A worked example of how Commission and Monthly Draw may operate is set out in Appendix 2. 
 6. 	 Claw Back Adjustments 
 6.1	If customer payment is not received within [ ] days from the invoice date, any Commission previously paid to the Employee will be deducted from any Commission payment due to the Employee in the Calculation Period in which the [ ] day limit is reached Claw Back ). Commissions subject to Claw Back adjustment will subsequently be re-evaluated during the regular Commission calculations to determine if customer payment has been received in full prior to the end of any subsequent Calculation Period for which Commission is being calculated. In such an event, the Commission will be paid to the Employee at the next possible payment date and will not be subject to the Monthly Draw. Should the Employee not exceed the Monthly Draw in the period when a Claw Back is due, the Claw Back will carry forward until such time that either the invoice is paid or an amount is earned above the Monthly Draw in subsequent months to cover the Claw Back amount. Any Commissions subject to Claw Back that remain without customer payment in excess of [ ] months from the invoice date will be subject to permanent Claw Back unless specifically approved otherwise by the EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. Partial payments will not qualify for return of a portion of the Claw Back adjustments. For the sake of clarity, in which this list is not exhaustive, any invoices or portion of invoices which are written off as bad debts, remain unpaid as of [ ] days from the invoice date, subject to customer credits for poor performance, subject to credits for downtime or complimentary credits for maintaining good business relationships are considered permanent Claw Backs. In the event of a negative balance to any Employee, the Claw Back amount will be rolled over into subsequent months until the Claw Back balance is cleared. 
 7. 	 Data Recovery Commissions 
 7.1	Data Recovery will be compensated based on selling strategy: 
 i) Signed Master Service Agreement for a legitimate opportunity within an [ ] will be compensated with a [ ] bonus. This is not subject to the Monthly Draw; and 
 ii) Data recovery invoices greater than [ ] will be compensated at [ ] of the Revenue. Data recovery Commissions in this 7.1(ii) are subject to the Monthly Draw. 
 8. 	 Additional Calendar Year 2022 and 2023 Accelerators and Incentives 
 
 	For the purposes of this Section 8, an Accelerator is a specific incremental of additional Commission payable to the Employee for achieving specific Revenue targets set out in Section 8. 	 
 8.1 	Accelerator for [ ] Projects 
 [ ] matters with a FID from November 1, 2020 or after and invoiced at greater than [ ] per gigabyte will be paid an incremental [ ] on the invoiced amount for all commissionable Revenue except [ ] until December 31, 2022. [ ] matters priced below [ ] per gigabyte may be subject to reduced 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 Commission rates at the discretion of the EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. Subscription renewals do not qualify for this Accelerator. Final decisions of whether a [ ] client qualifies for this incentive will be determined solely by the EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. Any Accelerator earned for the Calculation Period will be combined with any other Commissions in the Calculation Period and shall be expressly subject to the Monthly Draw. From January 1, 2023, no Accelerator on [ ] matters will apply. 
 8.2 	Accelerator for Net New [ ] clients 
 Net new [ ] clients will be paid an incremental [ ] on the invoiced amount for all commissionable Revenue except [ ] until December 31, 2022. This incentive applies to all [ ] matters with a FID from November 1, 2022 or after for qualifying clients. Subscription renewals do not qualify as net new . New buyers or new offices for existing clients do not qualify as net new . Final decisions of whether an [ ] client is considered net new for this incentive will be determined solely by the EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. Any Accelerator earned for the Calculation Period will be combined with any other Commissions in the Calculation Period and shall be expressly subject to the Monthly Draw. From January 1, 2023, no Accelerator on Net New [ ] clients will apply. 
 8.3 	Bonus for selling [ ] 
 A one-time per annum bonus of [ ] will be paid to any sales employee who sells [ ]M or more in [ ] Revenue during the calendar year 2023. For the remaining two months of calendar year 2022, the bonus shall be paid to any Employee who achieves [ ] revenue in calendar year 2022 of [ ]m or more, such total to include any [ ] Revenue in the first 10 (ten) months of 2022. Revenue from projects that are outsourced or below floor pricing will be excluded from the cumulative Revenue used for this calculation. Final decisions of whether a project is considered outsourced or below floor pricing for this incentive will be determined by the SVP, Global Sales and Marketing and EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. 
 9.	 Employee Quota 
 9.1	Each Employee will be given a yearly quota which will be the yearly expected sales Revenue expected by that individual Employee Quota ). Each Quota is based on a full calendar year. Individual 2023 Quotas are determined based on growth factors applied to 2022 individual Employees sales results, business needs and potential for clients. The Quota is based off all Revenue credited to the Employee regardless whether a particular subset of the Revenue is non-commissionable (for example [ ]). Likewise, achievement of Quota is based on the same. The final 2023 Quota for each Employee is communicated to each Employee in the first quarter of 2023. The yearly Quota value may be adjusted during the year at the discretion of the SVP, Global Sales Marketing. These adjustments to Quota may be made for factors not present when the Quota was established and can include but shall not be limited to: a) customer accounts reassigned from a former Employee to the current Employee; b) windfall new accounts where the Employee did not participate in a significant way to acquire the business; and/or c) other unforeseen changes not considered when the Employee s Quota was created. Any adjusted yearly Quota shall be communicated to Employee prior to implementation of the adjusted Quota. 
 9.2 	Accelerator Upon Quota Achievement 
 The 2023 Commission Plan will incentivize individual Employee s with an Accelerator based on the achievement of Revenue over their Quota. The Accelerator will be earned on every dollar over the Employee s Quota as long as the Employee s mix of [ ] to other sales has not increased greater than [ ] year over year. In the event the mix shifts toward [ ] by more than [ ] , any excess [ ] will not apply toward Quota attainment. The Accelerator is different based on the applicable Quota. For the period prior to December 31, 2022, the Accelerator for achievement of Revenue over the 2022 Quota is [ ] . For the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, the Accelerator for achievement of Revenue over the Quota is [ ] . The Accelerator will start to be paid in the next Commission 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 payment cycle following the month the Employee exceeds their Quota. Once triggered, it will continue to be paid out on all subsequently invoiced Revenue. Note that the Accelerator will only be paid on the commissionable Revenue subset of any Revenue in excess of the Employee s Quota. For the avoidance of all doubt, at the commencement of the calendar year 2023, the Accelerator for 2022 no longer applies and the Employee will need to achieve their Quota for 2023 to restart any Accelerator payments. 
 10.	 At what point Commissions are deemed Earned 
 10.1	Commissions are considered fully earned for the Calculation Period only following payment by the customer and only to the extent they exceed the Employee s Monthly Draw. Any payments made prior to customer payment are expressly subject to the terms of the 2023 Commission Plan, including all its conditions, including but not limited to any amounts subject to Claw Back. 
 11.	 Other Conditions 
 11.1	 Exception Approval Process 
 Any exceptions to the 2023 Commission Plan must be documented and approved in Salesforce at the time of the sale by the EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. Commission rates are subject to modification at any time in whole or for a specific project/subscription at the discretion of the Company. The Company may consider, without limitation, the following factors in determining Commission rates: (i) changes in Company policy; (ii) pricing services at discounted rates; (iii) the size and scope of the client matter; (iv) deals deemed as windfalls and (v) actual or anticipated profit margins for a specific client matter, customer, type of service or the Company generally. 
 11.2	 Commission Allocation 
 The Company may allocate credit for Revenue, and so divide Commissions, between more than one Employee as it deems appropriate and to the extent they are actively involved in the sales process and materially contributed to the sale. Employees can also agree to split Commission, but any proposed split is subject to approval by the SVP, Global Sales Marketing prior to the Commission being allocated. Any allocation must be documented and approved in Salesforce at the time of the sale. Subsequent changes in splits must be approved and communicated prior to the end of the Calculation Period and updated in Salesforce as soon as possible. 
 11.3 	 Employees will only receive Commissions on future projects or subscriptions from accounts which have been re-assigned from House Account status or a prior Employee. No Commissions will be earned or paid to a new Employee on existing projects, subscriptions, or new projects related to an existing client matter. These matters will be considered House Accounts unless otherwise approved by the EVP, Global Sales Marketing or SVP, Global Sales Marketing. 
 11.4	 Continuation of 2023 Commission Plan beyond December 31, 2023 
 	Notwithstanding that the 2023 Commission Plan is scheduled to expire at the end of the calendar year 2023, the terms of the 2023 Commission Plan shall apply into 2024 until such time as the 2024 commission plan 2024 Commission Plan is finalised. However, only [ ] (set out in section 5.2 above) for the purposes of Commission shall apply during the period from December 31, 2023 until the 2024 Commission Plan is finalised. Any Accelerators set out in this 2023 Commission Plan (set out in sections 8 and 9 above) which continue through calendar year 2023 shall cease on December 31, 2023. For the avoidance of doubt, Commission will still be subject to the terms of this 2023 Commission Plan including but not limited to Claw Back adjustment, Monthly Draw and the Employee s 2023 Quota. Once the 2024 Commission Plan is finalised, any adjustments to Commission already earned shall be made to each individual Employee overall compensation. 
 11.5	 Global Sales Commission Allocation 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 Employees will have assigned regional territories for global crediting purposes. The current regions are the Americas, EMEA and APAC and will be deemed to be an Employee s home territory . Any time an Employee pursues an opportunity outside their home territory, they must engage sales management and determine the sales approach and related crediting for Commissions. Global crediting guidelines to address the various sales crediting scenarios will be determined by the SVP, Global Sales Marketing for determination of such crediting scenarios. Management reserves the right to modify sales crediting based on influence and effort. 
 11.6	 Taxation 
 Compensation in the form of both cash and non-cash incentives is included as income and FICA taxable wages. As a result, all incentives will be recorded and reported according to applicable state and federal tax regulations. All payments are subject to all applicable withholdings, including without limitations, 401(k) contributions, state, federal and FICA withholdings. Employees expressly authorize the Company to recover/Claw Back any outstanding overpayment from future Commission payments, unless prohibited by law. 
 11.6	 Termination 
 The Employee must be actively employed by the Company through to the end of the month in order to qualify for the Commission in that Calculation Period. In the event an Employee resigns, or their employment is terminated by the Company for cause, prior to the end of any month, for Commission purposes, they shall not be eligible for any Commission in that partial month. Where the Employee s employment is terminated without cause, the Employee will be eligible for Commission on a pro-rated basis for the month in which termination took place. In addition, if the Employee has ongoing substantial job duties to the customer after the sale closing, the Employee must be actively working and performing such additional duties in order to earn any Commission. Employee shall be paid any Monthly Draw for the pro rata period in the month of termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Commission payments following termination remain subject to the Monthly Draw applicable to the Employee prior to termination. 
 11.8	 Problem Resolution 
 The Employee must report any errors or discrepancies to their line manager in writing within 14 days from receipt of the applicable Commission statement. Any claim for additional Commissions, not submitted in writing within this time period, will not be considered and will be treated as conclusively resolved, unless otherwise determined by the Company. Corrections to Commission will be paid in the payroll for the next pay period after the correction is approved. It is understood that there will be situations requiring the Company to exercise discretion and judgment to address conflicts. Where intervention is deemed necessary, the Company s decision in resolving such conflicts shall be final, binding and conclusive on all concerned. Final decision will be made by SVP, Global Sales Marketing on behalf of the Company. 
 11.9	 2023 Commission Plan Administration 
 This 2023 Commission Plan constitutes highly confidential and proprietary information of the Company. Disclosure of the contents of this 2023 Commission Plan to any third party without the Company s prior written consent is expressly prohibited. 
 11.10	All Employees are expected to fully abide by the Company s practices regarding proper conduct in business dealings. Such practices include, but are not limited to, not creating or participating in situations where the Employee has a conflict of interest, not engaging in antitrust activities or reciprocal business dealings, and not providing or accepting third party gratuities. Violation of these policies may be cause for disciplinary action which may lead to termination. If any Employee has suspicions of unethical behaviour in the application of Commissions, they should report concerns to the Company 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 using the Whistleblowing Hotline or such other method as set out in the Company s Whistleblower Policy. 
 11.11	This 2023 Commission Plan is not intended and shall not be construed to create or imply a guarantee of employment for any specific period of time. Nothing in this 2023 Commission Plan shall modify, limit or restrict the standard terms and conditions governing the employment relationship between the Company and the Employee. Unless a specific employment agreement is in place, Company continues to employ individuals at will , subject to applicable law. 
 11.12	Employees subject to the 2023 Commission Plan will be asked to sign an individual 2023 Commission Plan document acknowledging acceptance of the terms of the 2023 Commission Plan. It is a condition of eligibility to earn Commission under the 2023 Commission Plan that the Employee timely signs and returns the Employee s 2023 Commission Plan document. For the avoidance of all doubt, unless and until the Employee has executed the 2023 Commission Plan, the Employee will not receive any Commission that may be due pursuant to the 2023 Commission Plan. 
 11.13	The Company will have the right to administer, interpret and construe the terms of this 2023 Commission Plan and resolve all issues and disputes all in its sole and absolute discretion. In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the provisions of any separate communications, including the 2020 Commission Plan and its addendums, the terms outlined in this 2023 Commission Plan shall prevail. Specifically, the 2023 Commission Plan and/or its application to a given Employee may be modified or terminated at any time in the Company s discretion, with or without advance notice. Such modification may apply retrospectively. Employees shall not have the right to assign, pledge, or otherwise transfer any payments to which they may be eligible under the 2023 Commission Plan. 
 11.14	The Company reserves the right to deduct any monies owed to the Company by an Employee from any payment under this 2023 Commission Plan, unless otherwise required by federal, state, or local laws. If any term or condition of this 2023 Commission Plan is found not to conform with a given state or federal law, that term or condition will not be enforced in the jurisdiction in which it does not conform, but this will not negate other terms and conditions of the 2023 Commission Plan. 
 11.15	If any provision of this 2023 Commission Plan is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted, if possible, rather than voided in order to preserve the original intent of this 2023 Commission Plan. In any event, all other provisions of this 2023 Commission Plan will be deemed valid and enforceable. Any such determination will be final, conclusive and binding, unless otherwise specifically determined in writing by the Company, in its discretion. 
 
 Employee: 
 
 /s/ Krystina Jones								December 19, 2022 
 Signature:								Date: 
 
 Company Authorised Representative 
 Name: 
 
 /s/ Andrew Southam							December 19, 2022 
 Signature:								Date: 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 Appendix 1 Definitions 
 In this 2023 Commission Plan, when the following capitalized terms are used, they shall refer to the description below: 
 Accelerator : as defined in section 8; 
 Calculation Period : means the calendar month for which the Commission is being calculated; 
 Commission : as defined in section 5.1; 
 Claw Back : means the Company s right to reclaim commission advances previously paid to the Employee as defined in section 6.1; 
 Employee : as defined in section 1.1; 
 FID : means first invoice date and refers to the date a matter/SO number is first invoiced by the Company. The FID governs commission rates for the ongoing matter/SO number; 
 House Account : means customer sales brought in by a non-Sales representative and are not eligible for commission payment. When an Employee eligible for Commission payments contract of employment is terminated, their customer accounts and matters default to House Accounts for future Calculation Periods unless specifically approved otherwise by the EVP, Global LT Sales; 
 [ ]: as defined in section 10.2; 
 Monthly Draw : as defined in section 4; 
 Payment Period : means the month in which the Commission is paid to the Employee. Commissions are paid two months in arrears on the bi-weekly payroll scheduled during the second half of each month. By way of example, Commissions for revenue invoiced in the month of May (i.e. the Calculation Period would be paid during the second half of July (i.e. the Payment Period ); 
 Revenue: means all fees for services, software and other items invoiced by KLDiscovery to the applicable client less any sales or goods taxes applied on such fees; 
 Quota : as defined in section 9.1; 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 Appendix 2 Worked Example 
 Worked Examples of Commissions and Monthly Draw 
 Employee has an annual salary of [ ] (equally a Monthly Draw of [ ]) and for the month of January 2023, Employee has 6 customer invoices: 
 1. An [ ] matter invoiced for [ ] with a FID of December 2022 will earn Commission at the [ ] rate for Year 1 or [ ] . 

2. A [ ] matter invoiced for [ ] with a FID of May 2022 will earn commission at the [ ] rate for [ ] or [ ] of gross Commission. 

3. A matter with a FID of January 2020 invoiced for [ ] consisting of: (a) [ ] of [ ] will earn Commission at [ ] or [ ]; (b) [ ] of [ ] will earn at [ ] or [ ]; and (c) [ ] of [ ] will earn Commission at [ ] or [ ]. This matter is split 50 /50 with another sales employee, so Employee s gross Commission share is [ ] (i.e. half of the total Commission of [ ]). 

4. A [ ] matter with a FID of November 2021 invoiced for [ ] in December of 2022 will earn Commission at the [ ] rate for the life of the matter or [ ] of gross Commission. 

5. A [ ] matter with a FID of December 2022 invoiced for [ ] consisting of: (a) [ ] of [ ] will earn Commission at the [ ] rate for Year 1 or [ ] ; and (b) [ ] of [ ] will earn Commission at the [ ] rate for Year 1 or [ ] . Total commission would be [ ]. 

6. A Professional Services invoice for [ ] with a FID of March 2020 ([ ]) will earn Commission at [ ] or [ ]. 

7. Employee s gross Commission would be [ ] [ ] + [ ] + [ ] + [ ] + [ ] + [ ]). Employee s draw of [ ] per month will be subtracted from the gross Commission to arrive at a net commission of [ ]. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 kld-ex10_29.htm
 EX-10.29

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.29 

Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO 
 
 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT TO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT Amendment is made and 
 entered into on June 10, 2022, for reference purposes Reference Date ), but shall become effective retroactively as of January 1, 2022 Effective Date ), by and between RELATIVITY ODA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Relativity ), and KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Client ). 
 
 A. Relativity and Client entered into a Software License Agreement dated January 1, 2021 Origina l Agreement ), as amended from time to time (collectively, and as amended herein, the Agreement ), including by a Third Amendment to Software License Agreement dated January 1, 2022 Third Amendment ). 

B. In the Third Amendment, Relativity granted Client a one (1) year Relativity Analytics Volume Based Subscription with a Data Threshold of [ ] GB Analytics Volume Based Subscription ); and 

C. Client desires to increase the Data Threshold of the existing Analytics Volume Based Subscription to [ ] GB, and as a special business consideration to Client, Relativity desires to grant such an increase, all on the terms below. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Analytics Volume Based Subscription Increase. 

a. Commencing as of the Effective Date of this Amendment, the Analytics Volume Based Subscription granted to Client in the Third Amendment shall be modified by increasing the Data Threshold to [ ] GB (an increase of [ ] GB). For the sake of clarity, the term of the Analytics Volume Based Subscription shall still be a one (1) year period from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022 Analytics Subscription Term ). 

b. Upon execution of this Amendment, Client shall pay Relativity [ ] for the increased portion of the Analytics Annual Subscription Fee for the additional [ ] GB licensed above. 

c. To the extent that usage of Relativity Analytics exceeds the [ ] GB level during the Analytics Subscription Term, Client shall thereafter pay the Pay-As-You-Go [ ] / GB burst rate. At the end of the Analytics Subscription Term, Client may elect to renew the subscription at the same level or at another level per Exhibit B to the Original Agreement or Client may elect to pay on the Pay-As-You-Go basis under Exhibit B . If Client does not use the full [ ] GB subscription during the Analytics Subscription Term, Client will receive no refund or credit, and will have no right to carry over unused GBs. 

2. Miscellaneous. As amended herein, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in effect. However, in case of any inconsistency between this Amendment and other prior portions of the Agreement, this Amendment shall govern. This Amendment sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein. This Amendment shall not be binding unless and until fully signed and delivered by both parties. Unless provided to the contrary herein: (a) any terms defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed herein when used as capitalized terms in other provisions hereof; and (b) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. The parties may sign and deliver this Amendment as pdfs via email. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 

RELATIVITY ODA LLC 
 KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Sailesh Munagala 
 By: 
 /s/ Danny Zambito 

Name: 
 Sailesh Munagala 
 Name: 
 Danny Zambito 

Title: 
 CFO 
 Title: 
 EVP, Global Legal Technologies 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 kld-ex10_30.htm
 EX-10.30

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.30 

Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 
 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT Amendment is made as 
 of January 1, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between RELATIVITY ODA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Relativity ), and KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Client ). 
 
 A. Relativity and Client entered into a Software License Agreement dated January 1, 2021 Original Agreement ), as amended from time to time (collectively, and as amended herein, the Agreement ). 

B. The parties mutually desire to enter into this Amendment on the terms herein. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Relativity Analytics Volume Based Subscription 

a. Commencing as of the Effective Date of this Amendment, Client shall have an Analytics Volume Based Subscription for one (1) year or until any earlier termination of the Agreement, with a Data Threshold of [ ], and otherwise on the terms herein and in Exhibit B to the Original Agreement. The Analytics Annual Subscription Fee for the Analytics Volume Based Subscription granted herein is [ ] , which is due when Client executes this Amendment. 

b. To the extent that usage of Relativity Analytics exceeds the [ ] Data Threshold during the one (1) year subscription, Client shall thereafter pay for Relativity Analytics usage at the [ ] GB Analytics Burst Fee rate. At the end of the one (1) year subscription, Client may elect to renew the Analytics Volume Based Subscription at the same level or at another level per Exhibit B to the Original Agreement, or Client may elect to pay on the Pay-As-You-Go basis, as further described in Exhibit B . If Client does not use the full [ ] GB Data Threshold during the one (1) year subscription, Client will receive no refund or credit, and will have no right to carry over unused GBs. 

2. Miscellaneous. As amended herein, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in effect. However, in case of any inconsistency between this Amendment and other prior portions of the Agreement, this Amendment shall govern. This Amendment sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein. This Amendment shall not be binding unless and until fully signed and delivered by both parties. Unless provided to the contrary herein: (a) any terms defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed herein when used as capitalized terms in other provisions hereof; and (b) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. The parties may sign and deliver this Amendment as pdfs via email. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date above set forth above. 

RELATIVITY ODA LLC 
 KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Sailesh Munagala 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Southam 

Name: 
 Sailesh Munagala 
 Name: 
 Andrew Southam 

Title: 
 CFO 
 Title: 
 General Counsel 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 8
 kld-ex10_31.htm
 EX-10.31

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.31 

Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO 
 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT Amendment is made as 
 of January 5, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between RELATIVITY ODA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Relativity ), and KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Client ). 
 
 A. Relativity and Client entered into a Software License Agreement dated January 1, 2021 Original Agreement ), as amended from time to time (collectively, and as amended herein, the Agreement ). 

B. The Agreement grants Client a license Existing License to deploy and use [ ] Production Instances of the Software Existing Instances ); and the parties mutually desire to amend the Agreement on the terms below. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Temporary Instance License. Relativity hereby grants Client a temporary license Temporary License to deploy [ ] additional Production Instance Temporary Instance of the Software for a period Temporary Period ): (a) commencing on the Effective Date of this Amendment and continuing for the remainder of the same calendar month in which the Effective Date occurs and then continuing through the last day of the next full calendar month Initial Period ); and (b) thereafter continuing until terminated as provided in Sections 2 and 3 below. The Temporary License and Temporary Instance shall be on and subject to all provisions of the Agreement and Existing License, including terms for Relativity Analytics, except as provided to the contrary herein. 

2. Month-to-Month License; Termination and Expiration. After the Initial Period described in Section 1, the Temporary License and Temporary Period will remain in effect on a calendar month-to- month basis until the earlier to occur of: (a) termination of the Agreement; (b) the last day of any calendar month in which Client delivers notice to Relativity (no later than the last day of such month) electing to terminate the Temporary License on such last day and certifying that Client has permanently de-installed, destroyed and discontinued the Temporary Instance as further described below; or (c) the last day Final Expiration Date of the sixth (6 th full calendar month following the month in which the Effective Date of this Amendment occurs, subject to Section 3 below. 

3. Additional License Extensions; Termination and Expiration. During the sixth (6 th full calendar month of the Temporary Period: (a) Client s system administrators who log into the Temporary Instance Software will see an alert advising that a new license key is required to keep using the Temporary Instance; (b) if Client does not request and apply the new license key, the Temporary Period will terminate on the Final Expiration Date described above; (c) if Client requests and applies the new license key, the Temporary Period will be extended on a month-to-month basis for up to an additional six (6) full calendar months, subject to earlier termination as described in Section 2 above, and subject to further extensions as described in this Section 3 for successive six (6) month periods. 

4. Temporary Instance License Fees. 

a. Client s use of the Temporary Instance is not capped at any particular number of Server Users, and the number of Server Users of the Temporary Instance will not be counted towards the total number of capped Server Users under the Agreement. Client will enable Relativity to have access to billing and usage data through the Software in the Temporary Instance as provided in the Agreement respecting the Existing License. 

b. Client shall pay Relativity the following Relativity license fees for the Temporary License: (i) [ ], in advance , when Client signs this Amendment (which covers the Initial Period, i.e. 

any initial partial calendar month and the first full calendar month); plus (ii) [ ] per month for each additional calendar month of the Temporary Period, in advance on or before the first day of each calendar month; plus (iii) during the entire Temporary Period, an additional monthly amount equal to [ ] times the total number of Server Users in the Temporary Instance during each subject month, in arrears within thirty 
 (30) days after Relativity invoices such amount following the end of each calendar month. Relativity will not be required to de-duplicate Server Users for the Temporary Instance who are also Server Users for the Existing Instances or any other instance. 

Exhibit 10.31 

c. In addition, if Client has a Relativity Analytics subscription in effect under the Agreement and has not reached the Data Threshold, Relativity will aggregate the data usage in the Temporary Instance and Client s other Relativity Production Instance(s) until the aggregate data usage amount reaches the Data Threshold. If Client has a Relativity Analytics subscription in effect under the Agreement and has already reached the Data Threshold, or subsequently reaches the Data Threshold (e.g. with the aggregation of data usage in the Temporary Instance), Relativity will then charge for any further Relativity Analytics data usage on a monthly basis at the applicable per GB burst fee or Pay As You Go data usage rate under the Agreement. 

5. End of Temporary Period. When the Temporary Period, or any extension thereof, ends or is terminated: (a) the Temporary License shall expire and Client shall immediately discontinue using and accessing the Temporary Instance; and (b) within the next ten (10) days, Client shall certify to Relativity in writing that Client has completely and permanently uninstalled and permanently discontinued using and accessing the Temporary Instance, has not made any copies of the Software used therein, and has permanently destroyed the Software used therein so it cannot be reinstalled or re-used. 

6. Miscellaneous. As amended herein, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in effect. However, in case of any inconsistency between this Amendment and other prior portions of the Agreement, this Amendment shall govern. This Amendment sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein. This Amendment shall not be binding unless and until fully signed and delivered by both parties. Unless provided to the contrary herein: (a) any terms defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed herein when used as capitalized terms in other provisions hereof; and (b) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. The parties may sign and deliver this Amendment as pdfs via email. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first set forth 
 above. 

RELATIVITY ODA LLC 
 KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Sailesh Munagala 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Southam 

Name: 
 Sailesh Munagala 
 Name: 
 Andrew Southam 

Title: 
 CFO 
 Title: 
 General Counsel 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 9
 kld-ex10_32.htm
 EX-10.32

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.32 
 Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO 
 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT Amendment is made as of February 28, 2023 for reference purposes Reference Date but made effective as of January 1, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between RELATIVITY ODA LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, Relativity ), and KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Client ). 
 A. Relativity and Client entered into a Software License Agreement dated January 1, 2021 Original Agreement ), as amended from time to time (collectively, and as amended herein, the Agreement ). 
 B.	The parties mutually desire to modify the Agreement as provided herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Increase in Named Users and Related Changes. Commencing as of the Effective Date, Exhibit A attached to the Original Agreement shall be modified so that: 

a. The permitted number of Named Users in the Named User Cap shall be increased to [ ] Named Users (an increase of [ ] Named Users). 

b. The Relativity Review Annual Fee shall be increased to [ ] (an increase of [ ]). 

c. The total number of Processing Workers included with the Relativity Review Annual Fee shall be increased to [ ] Processing Workers (an increase of [ ] Processing Worker). 

2. License Payments. 

a. Upon Client s execution hereof, Client will pay Relativity [ ] as a prorated payment of the increased portion of the Relativity Review Annual Fee, or [ ], for the net increase in the number of Named Users above for the period from the Effective Date hereof to June 30, 2023. 

b. For the sake of clarity, the total Annual Fees for the remainder of the Term, as set forth in the Original Agreement shall be [ ]. 

c. The Installment Payment Schedule set forth in the Special Terms section of Exhibit A to the Original Agreement shall be amended for the Fourth Period as follows: 

INSTALLMENT PAYMENT SCHEDULE 

Period 
 Installment 
 Installment Amount Due Date 
 Installment Amount 
 Installment Premium Fee 
 Total Amount Due 

Fourth Period 
 1 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

2 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

4.	Miscellaneous. As amended herein, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in effect. However, in case of any inconsistency between this Amendment and other prior portions of the Agreement, this Amendment shall govern. This Amendment sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein. This Amendment shall not be binding unless and until fully signed and delivered by both parties. Unless provided to the contrary herein: (a) any terms defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed herein when used as capitalized terms in other provisions hereof; and (b) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. The parties may sign and deliver this Amendment as pdfs via email. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 
 1 
 
 Exhibit 10.32 
 RELATIVITY ODA LLC	 KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Sailesh Munagala 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Southam 

Name: 
 Sailesh Munagala 
 
 Name: 
 Andrew Southam 

Title: 
 CFO 
 
 Title: 
 General Counsel 

2 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 10
 kld-ex10_34.htm
 EX-10.34

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.34 
 
 Execution Version 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 3, 2023 (this Amendment ), among KLDiscovery Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a LD Lower Holdings, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), LD Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), the other Guarantors party hereto, the lenders party hereto (the Lenders ), Ally Bank, as a lender and an L/C Issuer Ally ), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (in such capacities, Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, extended, refinanced or otherwise modified prior to giving effect to this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement and, the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, Holdings, the Lenders party thereto, Administrative Agent and Ally; 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended to, among other things, revise the Benchmark from USD LIBOR to the Term SOFR Reference Rate; and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto are willing, on the terms and subject to the conditions stated below, to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 Section 1.	 Defined Terms; References . Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein which is defined in the Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. The rules of construction and other interpretive provisions specified in Sections 1.02, 1.03, 1.05, 1.06 and 1.12 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment, including terms defined in the preamble and recitals hereto. 
 Section 2.	 Amendments to Credit Agreement . 
 
 (a)	The Existing Credit Agreement is, subject to satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth in Section 3, amended in accordance with Exhibit A hereto by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and by inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double underlined text), in each case in the place where such text appears therein, such that immediately after giving effect to this Amendment the Existing Credit Agreement will read as set forth in Exhibit A . 
 (b)	Exhibits A-1 and J to the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto. Except as set forth in this clause (b), all other Exhibits to the Existing Credit Agreement shall not be amended, modified, supplemented or otherwise affected. 
 (c)	Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Credit Agreement to the contrary, any Eurocurrency Rate Loan (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding as of the First 

Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) (an Existing LIBOR Borrowing shall remain a Loan which pays interest with reference to the applicable Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement and without giving effect to the changes to the Credit Agreement made by this Amendment) until the end of the applicable Interest Period therefor. Each Existing LIBOR Borrowing shall automatically convert to a Loan that is a SOFR Loan in the amount of such Existing LIBOR Borrowing and with an Interest Period with the nearest length to such existing Interest Period on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Existing LIBOR Borrowing, unless, with respect to the length of such Interest Period, the Borrower elects otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement (provided, that in no event shall an Existing LIBOR Borrowing be permitted to be continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) after the termination or expiration of its applicable Interest Period). 
 Section 3.	 Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective upon satisfaction or waiver of all of the following conditions precedent (the First Amendment Effective Date : 
 (a)	the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received executed counterparts of this Amendment from the Loan Parties, each Lender party to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Administrative Agent; 
 (b)	no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the First Amendment Effective Date immediately before or after giving effect to this Amendment; 
 (c)	the representations and warranties contained in Section 4 hereof are true and correct as of the First Amendment Effective Date; 
 (d)	the Loan Parties shall have paid all fees and expenses due and owing as of the First Amendment Effective Date to (x) King Spalding LLP as counsel to Blackstone Credit, Holland Knight LLP as counsel to Ally and Arnold Porter Kaye Scholer LLP as counsel to the Administrative Agent, and (y) all other fees, costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (without duplication of subclause (x) of this clause (d)) under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, in each case to the extent such fees have been invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as the Borrower may reasonably agree); and 
 (e)	the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of an amendment fee by the Borrower in the amount of 5,000 in respect of this Amendment. 
 Section 4.	 Representations and Warranties of Loan Parties . Borrower and each other Loan Party represents and warrants as follow: 
 (a)	this Amendment has been duly authorized and executed by such Loan Party and each of the Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement or instrument of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; and 
 (b)	the representations and warranties of such Loan Party contained in the Credit Agreement, this Amendment and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects to the extent any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) as 
 2 

of the date of this Amendment, except to the extent such representations and warranties relate to an earlier date in which case such representation or warranty are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects to the extent any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date. 
 Section 5.	 Effect of Amendment; Etc . Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Blackstone Representative or the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement or under any other Loan Document and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Credit Agreement or of any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party is hereby confirmed and ratified and shall remain in full force and effect according to its respective terms (in the case of the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby). On and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, (i) this Amendment shall be a Loan Document and (ii) each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Amendment , hereof , hereunder , herein and hereby and each other similar reference, and each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereof , thereunder , therein or thereby or any other similar reference to the Credit Agreement shall refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 Section 6.	 Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE THEREIN) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 
 Section 7.	 Reaffirmation of the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party hereby confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, this Amendment or in any other Loan Document to which it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended by this Amendment. For greater certainty and without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby confirms that the existing security interests granted by such Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of, among others, the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents in the Collateral described therein shall continue to secure the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as and to the extent provided in the Loan Documents. 
 Section 8.	 Notices; Successors . All communications and notices hereunder shall be given as provided in the Credit Agreement. The terms of this Amendment shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 Section 9.	 Severability . Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 10.	 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken 
 3 

together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email, facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 11.	 Incorporation of Credit Agreement Miscellaneous Provisions . Each of the provisions provided in the following sections of the Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by this reference with the same effect as though set forth in its entirety herein, mutatis mutandis, and as if this Amendment in any such provision read this Amendment : Section 10.08 (Confidentiality), Section 10.11 (Counterparts), Section 10.15(b) (Submission to Jurisdiction), Section 10.15(c) (Waiver of Venue), Section 10.16 (Service of Process), Section 10.17 (Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury) and Section 10.18 (Binding Effect). 
 Section 12.	 Direction to the Administrative Agent . The Lenders party hereto, constituting all of the Lenders party to the Existing Agreement, hereby (i) authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver this Amendment and (ii) acknowledge and agree that (x) the direction in this Section 12 constitutes a direction from all Lenders under the provisions of Article IX of the Credit Agreement and (y) Article IX (including, without limitation, Section 9.07 thereof) of the Credit Agreement shall apply to any and all actions taken by the Administrative Agent in accordance with such direction. 
 
 [ Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank ] 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 KLDISCOVERY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By:	 /s/ Chris Weiler	 
 	Name: Christopher J. Weiler 
 	Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 LD TOPCO, INC. 
 By:	 /s/ Chris Weiler	 
 	Name: Christopher J. Weiler 
 	Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 KLDISCOVERY ONTRACK, LLC 
 By:	 /s/ Chris Weiler	 
 	Name: Christopher J. Weiler 
 	Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, 
 as a Lender 
 By: Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, as investment advisor 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BLACKSTONE SECURED LENDING FUND, 
 as a Lender 
 By: Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, as investment advisor 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BCRED BARD PEAK FUNDING LLC, 
 BCRED CASTLE PEAK FUNDING LLC, 
 BCRED GRANITE PEAK FUNDING LLC, 
 BCRED MONARCH PEAK FUNDING LLC, BCRED SUMMIT PEAK FUNDING LLC, 
 as Lenders 
 By: Blackstone Private Credit Fund, as sole member 
 By: Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, as investment advisor 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

BCRED MML CLO 2021-1 LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: Blackstone Liquid Credit Strategies LLC, its collateral manager 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BGSL BRECKENRIDGE FUNDING LLC, 
 BGSL JACKSON HOLE FUNDING LLC, 
 BGSL BIG SKY FUNDING LLC, 
 as Lenders 
 By: Blackstone Secured Lending Fund, as sole member 
 By: Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, as investment advisor 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 GSO BROOME STREET LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: GSO Orchid Fund LP, its member 
 By: GSO Orchid Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

EMERALD SPRING STREET LP, 
 as a Lender 
 By: Emerald GP Ltd., its general partner 
 By: Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, as administrator 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 EMERALD MURRAY STREET LP, 
 as a Lender 
 By: Emerald GP 2 Ltd., its general partner 
 By: Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, as administrator 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 EMERALD DIRECT LENDING 1 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, 
 as a Lender 
 By: Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, as administrator 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

GN LOAN FUND LP, 
 as a Lender 
 By: Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP, its Investment Manager 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BXC JADE SUB 1 LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 1 LP, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BXC JADE SUB 2 LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 2 LP, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

BXC JADE SUB 3 LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 3 LP, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BXC JADE SUB 4 LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 4 LP, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BXC JADE SUB 5-B LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Top Sub 5-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 5-B LP, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

BXC JADE SUB 6-B LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Top Sub 6-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 6-B LP, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BXC JADE SUB 7-B LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Top Sub 7-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 7-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BXC JADE SUB 8-B LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Top Sub 8-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 8-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

BXC JADE SUB 9-B LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Top Sub 9-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 9-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 BXC JADE SUB 10-B LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Top Sub 10-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Topco 10-B LLC, its sole member 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 GSO ORCHID FUND LP, 
 as a Lender 
 By: GSO Orchid Associates LLC, its general partner 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

QUAIL SUB-C LLC, 
 as a Lender 
 By: BXC Jade Associates LLC, as Manager 
 By: /s/ Marisa Beeney	 
 Name: Marisa Beeney 
 Title: Secretary and Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

QIA FIG GLASS FINCO 1 LIMITED, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Ahmed Abu Bakar Haq 
 Name: Ahmed Abu Bakar Haq 
 Title: Director 

QIA FIG GLASS FINCO 2 LIMITED, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s/ Ahmed Abu Bakar Haq			 
 Name: Ahmed Abu Bakar Haq 
 Title: Director 
 	 
 QIA FIG GLASS HOLDING LIMITED, 
 as a Lender 

By: /s/ Ahmed Abu Bakar Haq 
 
 Name: Ahmed Abu Bakar Haq 
 Title: Director 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 
 By: /s/ Teisha Wright 
 Name: Teisha Wright 
 Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

ALLY BANK , 
 as Ally Representative, a Lender and an L/C Issuer 
 
 By: /s/ Erica Ninesteel ________________ 
 Name: Erica Ninesteel 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment] 

Exhibit A 
 
 Amended Credit Agreement 

See attached 

First Amendment, dated March 3, 2023 
 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of February 8, 2021 
 among 
 LD LOWER HOLDINGS, INC. as Borrower, 
 LD TOPCO, INC. 
 as Holdings Topco, 
 WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, 
 and 
 The Lenders and L/C Issuers Party Hereto 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

ARTICLE I. Definitions and Accounting Terms 
 1 

Section 1.01. 
 Defined Terms 
 1 

Section 1.02. 
 Other Interpretive Provisions 
 89 

Section 1.03. 
 Accounting Term 
 92 

Section 1.04. 
 Rounding 
 93 

Section 1.05. 
 References to Agreements and Laws 
 93 

Section 1.06. 
 Times of Day 
 93 

Section 1.07. 
 Timing of Payment or Performance 
 93 

Section 1.08. 
 Rates 
 93 

Section 1.09. 
 [Reserved] 
 94 

Section 1.10. 
 Pro Forma Calculations 
 94 

Section 1.11. 
 Calculation of Baskets 
 94 

Section 1.12. 
 Administrative Matters 
 94 

ARTICLE II. The Commitments and Credit Extensions 
 94 

Section 2.01. 
 The Loans 
 94 

Section 2.02. 
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 
 95 

Section 2.03. 
 Letters of Credit 
 97 

Section 2.04. 
 [Reserved] 
 106 

Section 2.05. 
 Prepayments 
 106 

Section 2.06. 
 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 
 113 

Section 2.07. 
 Repayment of Loans 
 114 

Section 2.08. 
 Interest 
 115 

Section 2.09. 
 Fees 
 115 

Section 2.10. 
 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 
 116 

Section 2.11. 
 Evidence of Indebtedness 
 116 

Section 2.12. 
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback 
 117 

Section 2.13. 
 Sharing of Payments 
 118 

Section 2.14. 
 Incremental Facilities 
 119 

Section 2.15. 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt. 
 123 

i 

Section 2.16. 
 Cash Collateral 
 125 

Section 2.17. 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 126 

Section 2.18. 
 Specified Refinancing Debt 
 128 

ARTICLE III. Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 
 130 

Section 3.01. 
 Taxes 
 130 

Section 3.02. 
 [Reserved] 
 134 

Section 3.03. 
 Illegality 
 134 

Section 3.04. 
 Inability to Determine Rates 
 134 

Section 3.05. 
 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy and Liquidity Requirements 
 137 

Section 3.06. 
 Funding Losses 
 138 

Section 3.07. 
 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 
 138 

Section 3.08. 
 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 
 140 

ARTICLE IV. Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions 
 141 

Section 4.01. 
 Conditions to the Initial Credit Extension on the Closing Date 
 141 

Section 4.02. 
 Conditions to All Credit Extensions after the Closing Date 
 143 

ARTICLE V. Representations and Warranties 
 144 

Section 5.01. 
 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws 
 144 

Section 5.02. 
 Authorization; No Contravention 
 144 

Section 5.03. 
 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 
 144 

Section 5.04. 
 Binding Effect 
 145 

Section 5.05. 
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 
 145 

Section 5.06. 
 Litigation 
 146 

Section 5.07. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 146 

Section 5.08. 
 Ownership of Property; Liens 
 146 

Section 5.09. 
 Environmental Compliance 
 146 

Section 5.10. 
 Taxes 
 147 

Section 5.11. 
 Employee Benefits Plans 
 147 

Section 5.12. 
 Subsidiaries; Capital Stock 
 148 

Section 5.13. 
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 
 149 

Section 5.14. 
 Disclosure 
 149 

Section 5.15. 
 Compliance with Laws 
 149 

Section 5.16. 
 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 
 149 

ii 

Section 5.17. 
 Solvency 
 150 

Section 5.18. 
 Perfection, Etc. 
 150 

Section 5.19. 
 Sanctions; OFAC 
 150 

Section 5.20. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 150 

Section 5.21. 
 [Reserved] 
 151 

Section 5.22. 
 Holdings Activities 
 151 

Section 5.23. 
 Data Privacy and Security 
 151 

Section 5.24. 
 Insurance 
 151 

Section 5.25. 
 No Default 
 152 

ARTICLE VI. Affirmative Covenants 
 152 

Section 6.01. 
 Financial Statements 
 152 

Section 6.02. 
 Certificates; Other Information 
 154 

Section 6.03. 
 Notices 
 155 

Section 6.04. 
 Payment of Taxes 
 156 

Section 6.05. 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 156 

Section 6.06. 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 156 

Section 6.07. 
 Maintenance of Insurance 
 156 

Section 6.08. 
 Compliance with Laws 
 157 

Section 6.09. 
 Books and Records 
 157 

Section 6.10. 
 Inspection Rights 
 157 

Section 6.11. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 158 

Section 6.12. 
 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 
 158 

Section 6.13. 
 Compliance with Environmental Laws 
 159 

Section 6.14. 
 Further Assurances 
 160 

Section 6.15. 
 [Reserved]. 
 161 

Section 6.16. 
 Post-Closing Undertakings 
 161 

Section 6.17. 
 No Change in Line of Business 
 161 

Section 6.18. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 161 

Section 6.19. 
 Lender Conference Calls 
 165 

ARTICLE VII. 
 165 

Negative Covenants 
 165 

Section 7.01. 
 Indebtedness 
 165 

iii 

Section 7.02. 
 Limitations on Liens 
 172 

Section 7.03. 
 Fundamental Changes 
 173 

Section 7.04. 
 Asset Sales 
 174 

Section 7.05. 
 Restricted Payments 
 175 

Section 7.06. 
 Burdensome Agreements 
 183 

Section 7.07. 
 Accounting Changes 
 185 

Section 7.08. 
 Financial Covenant 
 185 

Section 7.09. 
 Holding Company 
 185 

Section 7.10. 
 Division of Loan Parties 
 186 

Section 7.11. 
 Intellectual Property 
 186 

ARTICLE VIII. Events of Default and Remedies 
 186 

Section 8.01. 
 Events of Default 
 186 

Section 8.02. 
 Remedies Upon Event of Default 
 189 

Section 8.03. 
 Right to Cure 
 189 

Section 8.04. 
 Application of Funds 
 190 

ARTICLE IX. Administrative Agent and Other Agents 
 192 

Section 9.01. 
 Appointment and Authorization of Agents 
 192 

Section 9.02. 
 Delegation of Duties 
 193 

Section 9.03. 
 Liability of Agents 
 194 

Section 9.04. 
 Reliance by Agents 
 195 

Section 9.05. 
 Notice of Default 
 196 

Section 9.06. 
 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents 
 196 

Section 9.07. 
 Indemnification of Agents 
 197 

Section 9.08. 
 Agents in their Individual Capacities 
 198 

Section 9.09. 
 Successor Agents 
 198 

Section 9.10. 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 199 

Section 9.11. 
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 
 200 

Section 9.12. 
 No Other Duties, No Fiduciary Relationship 
 202 

Section 9.13. 
 Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements 
 202 

Section 9.14. 
 Appointment of Supplemental Agents, Incremental Arrangers, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arrangers and Specified Refinancing Agents 
 202 

iv 

Section 9.15. 
 Intercreditor Agreement 
 204 

Section 9.16. 
 Withholding Tax 
 204 

Section 9.17. 
 Certain ERISA Matters 
 205 

ARTICLE X. Miscellaneous 
 206 

Section 10.01. 
 Amendments, Etc. 
 206 

Section 10.02. 
 Notices; Electronic Communications 
 210 

Section 10.03. 
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 
 212 

Section 10.04. 
 Expenses 
 213 

Section 10.05. 
 Indemnification by the Borrower 
 214 

Section 10.06. 
 Payments Set Aside 
 215 

Section 10.07. 
 Successors and Assigns 
 215 

Section 10.08. 
 Confidentiality 
 223 

Section 10.09. 
 Setoff 
 224 

Section 10.10. 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 225 

Section 10.11. 
 Counterparts 
 225 

Section 10.12. 
 Integration; Effectiveness 
 225 

Section 10.13. 
 Survival of Representations and Warranties 
 226 

Section 10.14. 
 Severability 
 226 

Section 10.15. 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 
 226 

Section 10.16. 
 Service of Process 
 227 

Section 10.17. 
 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury 
 227 

Section 10.18. 
 Binding Effect 
 227 

Section 10.19. 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 227 

Section 10.20. 
 Affiliate Activities 
 228 

Section 10.21. 
 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 
 229 

Section 10.22. 
 USA PATRIOT Act; Beneficial Ownership 
 229 

Section 10.23. 
 Judgment Currency 
 229 

Section 10.24. 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 
 229 

Section 10.25. 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 230 

v 

SCHEDULES 
 1	Guarantors 
 1.01(e)	Contracts Prohibiting Subsidiary Guarantees 
 2.01	Commitments and Pro Rata Shares 
 5.06	Litigation 
 5.08(b)	Material Real Property 
 5.12	Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments 
 5.16	Intellectual Property Matters 
 6.16	Post-Closing Undertakings 
 7.01	Closing Date Indebtedness 
 7.02	Closing Date Liens 
 7.05	Closing Date Investments 
 10.02	Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 A-1	Committed Loan Notice 
 A-2	Request for L/C Credit Extension 
 B-1	Initial Term Note 
 B-2	Delayed Draw Term Note 
 B-3	Revolving Credit Notes 
 C	Compliance Certificate 
 D-1	Assignment and Assumption 
 D-2	Affiliate Lender Assignment and Assumption 
 D-3	Administrative Questionnaire 
 E-1	Holdings Guaranty 
 E-2	Subsidiary Guaranty 
 F	Security Agreement 
 G	Solvency Certificate 
 H	Intercompany Subordination Agreement 
 I-1	U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 I-2	U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 I-3	U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 I-4	U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 J	Optional Prepayment of Loans 
 K-1	Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement 
 K-2	1L/2L Intercreditor Agreement 
 L	Secured Party Designation Notice 
 
 vi 

This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of February 8, 2021, among LD Lower Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower or the Company ), LD Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings Topco ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), each L/C Issuer party hereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association Wilmington Trust ), as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 The Borrower has requested that, upon the satisfaction in full of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Article IV below, the applicable Lenders (a) make term loans to the Borrower on the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount of 300,000,000, (b) make available to the Borrower after the Closing Date delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 and (c) make available to the Borrower, on and after the Closing Date, a 40,000,000 super-priority revolving credit facility for the making, from time to time, of revolving loans and the issuance, from time to time, of letters of credit, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I. Definitions and Accounting Terms 
 Section 1.01.	 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Accepting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 
 Acquired Indebtedness means, with respect to any specified Person, (a) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into or becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is Incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into, or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of, such specified Person and (b) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person. 
 Adjusted Cash means the amount of unrestricted cash after giving effect to unrealized gains and losses under (and as determined by) any Swap Contracts (with respect to currency exchange rates) in place at the time of determination (but only with respect to the then-elapsed portion of the current monthly or quarterly (as applicable under the relevant Swap Contract) calculation period thereunder). 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Administrative Agent means Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting through such of its Affiliates or branches as it may designate, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent permitted by the terms hereof. 
 Administrative Agent s Account means such account of the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 1 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit D-3 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. 
 Affiliate Lenders means, collectively, the Sponsor and its Affiliates (other than any Natural Person, Holdings and any of Holdings Subsidiaries). 
 Affiliate Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 6.18(a). 
 Agent Fee Letter means the Fee Letter, dated the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Agent-Related Distress Event means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Person that directly or indirectly controls the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (each, a Distressed Agent-Related Person ), a voluntary or involuntary case with respect to such Distressed Agent-Related Person under any Debtor Relief Law is commenced, or a custodian, conservator, receiver or similar official is appointed for such Distressed Agent-Related Person or any substantial part of such Distressed Agent-Related Person s assets, or such Distressed Agent-Related Person makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or is otherwise adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Distressed Agent-Related Person to be, insolvent or bankrupt; provided , that an Agent-Related Distress Event shall not be deemed to have occurred solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interests in the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Person that directly or indirectly controls the Administrative Agent by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof, so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. 
 Agent-Related Persons means each Agent, together with its Related Parties. 
 Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, Incremental Arrangers and Incremental Equivalent Debt Arrangers. 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Agreement means this term loan, delayed draw term loan and revolving credit agreement, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Agreement Among Lenders means that certain Agreement Among Lenders, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Lenders as of the Closing Date and each other entity that becomes party thereto. 
 Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.23. 
 2 

All-in Yield means, with respect to any Indebtedness, the yield of such Indebtedness, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, OID, upfront fees, index floors or otherwise, in each case payable by the Borrower generally to lenders; provided that OID and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a four-year life to maturity, and shall not include arrangement fees, structuring fees, ticking fees, commitment fees, unused line fees, underwriting fees and any amendment and similar fees (regardless of whether paid in whole or in part to the relevant lenders). For the avoidance of doubt, the Underwriting Fee (as defined in the Blackstone Credit Fee Letter) shall constitute OID for purposes of this definition. 
 Ally means Ally Bank. 
 Ally Representative means Ally, and, after the Closing Date, any successor and assign that is an Affiliate of Ally appointed by Ally. 
 Alternative Benchmark Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.04(c). 
 Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning specified in Section 5.20. 
 Applicable Commitment Fee means, for any calendar quarter, a percentage per annum determined as of the first day of such calendar quarter, equal to (x) 0.50 if the average daily balance of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans during the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than 7,500,000 or (y) 0.75 if the average daily balance of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans during the immediately preceding calendar quarter is less than or equal to 7,500,000. 
 Applicable Data Privacy Laws has the meaning given to that term in paragraph (a) of the definition of Data Privacy and Security Laws, Requirements, and Standards. 
 Applicable Discount has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Applicable Rate means a percentage per annum equal to, (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans, 6.50 per annum for SOFR Loans and 5.50 per annum for Base Rate Loans, and (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans, 4.00 per annum for SOFR Loans and 3.00 per annum for Base Rate Loans. 
 Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to either any Term Facility or Revolving Credit Facility, a Lender that has a Commitment with respect to such Tranche or holds a Term Loan or a Revolving Credit Loan, respectively, under such Tranche at such time, (b) with respect to the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (i) each L/C Issuer and (ii) if any Letters of Credit have been issued (or arranged) pursuant to Section 2.03(a), the Revolving Credit Lenders, (c) with respect to any New Term Facility, a Lender that holds a New Term Loan at such time, and (d) with respect to any Specified Refinancing Debt, a Lender that holds Specified Refinancing Term Loans or Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans, as applicable. 
 Approved Counterparty shall mean (a) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any affiliate of the Administrative Agent or Lender at the time it entered into a Secured Hedge Agreement or a Cash Management Agreement, as applicable (or, in the case of any Secured Hedge Agreement in existence as of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or affiliate thereof as of the Closing Date), in its capacity as a party thereto, (b) any other person whose long term senior unsecured debt rating is A/A2 by S P or Moody s (or their equivalent) or higher or (c) any other person from time to time approved in writing by Blackstone Credit; provided , however , that for any of the foregoing to be included as an Approved Counterparty on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral 
 3 

Agent, the applicable Person referred to in any of clauses (a) through (d) above must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination. 
 Approved Fund means the Warehouse Entity, any Blackstone Credit Entity and any Fund that is administered, advised, sub-advised or managed by (a) Blackstone Credit, (b) a Lender, (c) an Affiliate of a Lender or (d) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender. 
 Asset Sale means: 
 (a)	the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition (whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions) of property or assets (including by way of a Sale/Leaseback Transaction) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or 
 (b)	the issuance or sale of Equity Interests (other than Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance with Section 7.01 and directors qualifying shares or shares or interests required to be held by foreign nationals or other third parties to the extent required by applicable law) of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary) (whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions), 
 (each of the foregoing referred to in this definition as a Disposition ). Notwithstanding the preceding, none of the following items will be deemed to be an Asset Sale: 
 (a)	a sale, exchange or other disposition of cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities, or of obsolete, damaged, unnecessary, unsuitable or worn out equipment or other assets in the ordinary course of business, or dispositions of property no longer used, useful or economically practicable to maintain in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (including allowing any registrations or any applications for registration of any intellectual property or other intellectual property rights to lapse or become abandoned); 
 (b)	(i) without limiting the provisions of Section 8.01(k), the sale, conveyance, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower in compliance with the provisions of Section 7.03 or 7.04 or any Disposition that constitutes a Change of Control, and (ii) any Specified Change of Control; 
 (c)	any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made, and is made, pursuant to Section 7.05 or any Permitted Investment; 
 (d)	any Disposition of assets or issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, with an aggregate Fair Market Value of less than or equal to 5,000,000; 
 (e)	any transfer or Disposition of property or assets or issuance or sale of Equity Interests by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to another Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that any such dispositions to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor hereunder shall not exceed in the aggregate at any time the greater of (x) 10,000,000 and (y) 1.50 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower Parties for the four fiscal quarter 
 4 

period most recently then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis; 
 (f)	the creation of any Lien permitted under this Agreement; 
 (g)	any issuance, sale, pledge or other disposition of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 
 (h)	the sale, lease, assignment, license or sublease of inventory, equipment, accounts receivable, notes receivable or other current assets held for sale in the ordinary course of business or the conversion of accounts receivable and related assets to notes receivable or dispositions of accounts receivable and related assets in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; 
 (i)	the lease, assignment, license, sublicense or sublease of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business; 
 (j)	a sale, assignment or other transfer of Receivables Assets, or participations therein, (i) to a Receivables Subsidiary in a Qualified Receivables Financing or (ii) to any other Person in a Qualified Receivables Factoring, in each case so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom; 
 (k)	a sale, assignment or other transfer of Receivables Assets, or participations therein, by a Receivables Subsidiary in a Qualified Receivables Financing, in each case so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom; 
 (l)	any exchange of assets for Related Business Assets (including a combination of Related Business Assets and a de minimis amount of cash or Cash Equivalents) of comparable or greater market value than the assets exchanged, as determined in good faith by the Borrower; 
 (m)	(i) non-exclusive licenses, sublicenses or cross-licenses of intellectual property or other general intangibles and (ii) exclusive licenses, sublicenses or cross-licenses of intellectual property or other intellectual property rights or other general intangibles in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower; 
 (n)	any transfer in a Sale/Leaseback Transaction of any property acquired or built after the Closing Date; provided that such sale is for at least Fair Market Value (as determined on the date on which a definitive agreement for such Sale/Leaseback Transaction was entered into); 
 (o)	the surrender or waiver of obligations of trade creditors or customers or other contract rights that were incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, including pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any trade creditor or customer or compromise, settlement, release or surrender of a contract, tort or other litigation claim, arbitration or other disputes; 
 5 

(p)	Dispositions arising from foreclosures, condemnations, eminent domain, seizure, nationalization or any similar action with respect to assets, dispositions of property subject to Casualty Events; 
 (q)	Dispositions of Investments (including Equity Interests) in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements or rights of first refusal between, the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; 
 (r)	to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code, any exchange of like property (excluding any boot thereon) for use in a Similar Business; 
 (s)	the issuance of directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable law; 
 (t)	Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property that is purchased within 90 days of such disposition or (ii) the proceeds of such Asset Sale are applied within 90 days of such disposition to the purchase price of such replacement property (which replacement property is actually purchased within 90 days of such disposition); and 
 (u)	a sale or transfer of equipment receivables, or participations therein, and related assets. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the unwinding of Swap Contracts shall not be deemed to constitute an Asset Sale. 
 Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1, or otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable (including electronic documentation generated by MarkitClear or other electronic platform) to the Administrative Agent. 
 Auction Amount has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Auction Agent means (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any other financial institution or advisor employed by the Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Dutch Auction; provided that the Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent as the Auction Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to agree to act as the Auction Agent); provided , further , neither the Borrower nor any of its Affiliates may act as the Auction Agent. 
 Auction Notice has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(iii). 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this 
 6 

Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.04. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to (a) any EEA Member Country which has implemented, or which at any time implements, Article 55 BRRD, the relevant implementing law or regulation as described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time and (b) in relation to any state other than such an EEA Member Country or (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not such an EEA Member Country) the United Kingdom, any analogous law or regulation from time to time which requires contractual recognition of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers contained in that law or regulation. 
 Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate (which, if negative, shall be deemed to be 0 on such day plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the Prime Lending Rate on such day, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR published on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day the next previous Business Day) for an Interest Period of one month plus 1 and (d) solely with respect to Initial Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, 2.00 per annum. If the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR for any reason, the Base Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (a) or (c) above, as applicable, until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Benchmark means the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.04 . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that (x) can be determined by the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) and (y) is administratively feasible as determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 (a) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
 (b) the sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 7 

provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for each applicable Interest Period (to the extent an Interest Period remains applicable, otherwise, such other period and Available Tenor) for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 
 Benchmark Replacement Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 3.04(b). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 (1) 	in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2) 	in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date; or 
 (3)	in the case of clause (d) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the effective date of a Benchmark Replacement Amendment. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clauses (1) through (3) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 8 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 (a)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (b)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (c)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.04 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.04. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Blackstone Credit shall mean Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP (formerly known as GSO Capital Partners LP) and its Affiliates. 
 Blackstone Credit Entities shall mean Blackstone Credit, BX Finco, any of their respective Affiliates, and shall include, without limitation, certain funds, accounts and clients managed, or advised by Blackstone Credit, BX Finco or any of their respective Affiliates, as the context may require. 
 9 

Blackstone Credit Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of February 8, 2021, by and among the Borrower, Holdings Topco and the Blackstone Credit Representative. 
 Blackstone Credit Investor shall mean any investor (or an Affiliate of such investor) of a fund managed or advised by Blackstone Credit to which investor (or an Affiliate of such investor) Blackstone Credit is providing certain administrative and other services. 
 Blackstone Credit Representative shall mean, Blackstone Credit, and, after the Closing Date, any successor or assign that is a Blackstone Credit Entity appointed by the previous Blackstone Credit Entity that fulfilled the role as Blackstone Credit Representative hereunder, effective after five Business Days advance written notice of such appointment to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; provided , that if no Lender under this Agreement is a Blackstone Credit Entity, then Blackstone Credit Representative shall mean a Lender appointed by the Required Lenders and Required Revolving Credit Lenders and notified to the Administrative Agent to fulfill the role as the Blackstone Credit Representative with the consent of the Borrower or, in the absence of any such appointment, shall mean the Required Lenders. 
 Board of Directors means as to any Person, the board of directors, board of managers, sole member or managing member or other governing body of such Person, or if such Person is owned or managed by a single entity or has a general partner, the board of directors, board of managers, sole member or managing member or other governing body of such entity or general partner, or in each case, any duly authorized committee thereof, and the term directors means members of the Board of Directors. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Borrower Materials means materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder. 
 Borrower Parties means the collective reference to Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and Borrower Party means any one of them. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parent shall not be considered a Borrower Party. 
 Borrowing means a Term Borrowing or a Revolving Credit Borrowing. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of the State of New York, or are in fact closed in, New York City and, with respect to any SOFR Loan, if such day relates to notices and determinations in respect of Term SOFR or any SOFR Loan or any funding, conversion, continuation, Interest Period or payment of any SOFR Loan, any such date that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 BX Finco shall mean Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and its Affiliates. 
 Capital Stock means: 
 (1)	in the case of a corporation or company, corporate stock or share capital; 
 (2)	in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; 
 (3)	in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and 
 10 

(4)	any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that cash-settled phantom appreciation programs in connection with employee benefits that do not require a dividend or distribution shall not constitute Capital Stock). 
 Capitalized Lease Obligation means at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP; provided that all obligations of any Person that are or would be characterized as operating lease obligations in accordance with GAAP on the Closing Date (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) shall, if so elected by the Borrower, continue to be accounted for as operating lease obligations (and not as Capitalized Lease Obligations) for purposes of this Agreement regardless of any change in GAAP following such date that would otherwise require such obligations to be recharacterized (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) as Capitalized Lease Obligations. 
 Capitalized Software Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Cash-Capped Incremental Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer (as applicable) and the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of either thereof (as the context may require), cash, Cash Equivalents (if reasonably acceptable to the applicable L/C Issuer) or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer benefiting from such collateral shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support (including by backstop with a letter of credit satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer or by being deemed reissued under or otherwise transferred to another agreement acceptable to the applicable L/C Issuer), in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) the Blackstone Credit Representative and (c) the applicable L/C Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 Cash Contribution Amount means the aggregate amount of cash contributions made to the capital of the Borrower or any Guarantor (in each case, other than from a Restricted Subsidiary (other than in its capacity as a conduit)) and designated as a Cash Contribution Amount as described in the definition of Contribution Indebtedness. 
 Cash Equivalents means: 
 (1)	Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Euro, the national currency of any Participating Member State of the European Union (as it is constituted on the Closing Date) and, with respect to any Foreign Subsidiaries, other currencies held by such Foreign Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (2)	securities issued or directly guaranteed or insured by the government of the United States, the United Kingdom or any country that is a member of the European Union 
 11 

(as it is constituted on the Closing Date) or any agency or instrumentality thereof in each case with maturities not exceeding two years from the date of acquisition; 
 
 (3)	money market deposits, certificates of deposit, time deposits and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of two years or less from the date of acquisition, bankers acceptances, in each case with maturities not exceeding two years, and overnight bank deposits, in each case with any commercial bank having capital and surplus in excess of 250,000,000 in the case of domestic banks or 100,000,000 (or the dollar equivalent thereof) in the case of foreign banks; 
 
 (4)	repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (2) and (3) above and clause (6) below entered into with any financial institution or securities dealers of recognized national standing meeting the qualifications specified in clause (3) above; 
 
 (5)	commercial paper or variable or fixed rate notes issued by a corporation or other Person (other than an Affiliate of the Borrower) rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s or S P (or reasonably equivalent ratings of another internationally recognized ratings agency) and in each case maturing within two years after the date of acquisition; 
 
 (6)	readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or reasonably equivalent ratings of another internationally recognized ratings agency) in each case with maturities not exceeding two years from the date of acquisition; 
 
 (7)	Indebtedness issued by Persons (other than the Sponsor) with a rating of A or higher from S P or A-2 or higher from Moody s (or reasonably equivalent ratings of another internationally recognized ratings agency) in each case with maturities not exceeding two years from the date of acquisition, and marketable short-term money market and similar securities having a rating of at least A- 2 or P-2 from either S P or Moody s (or reasonably equivalent ratings of another internationally recognized ratings agency); 
 
 (8)	investment funds investing at least 95 of their assets in investments of the types described in clauses (1) through (7) above and (9) and (10) below; 
 
 (9)	Investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s (or reasonably equivalent ratings of another internationally recognized ratings agency); and 
 
 (10)	in the case of investments by any Foreign Subsidiary or investments made in a country outside the United States of America, other investments of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (9) customarily utilized in the countries where such Foreign Subsidiary is located or in which such investment is made. 
 Cash Management Agreement means any agreement or arrangement to provide Cash Management Services to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 12 

Cash Management Bank means any Person that (i) at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement, is a Lender or an Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Agent, (ii) in the case of any Cash Management Agreement in effect on or prior to the Closing Date or any effective date with respect to any amendment hereof (an Amendment Effective Date ), is, as of the Closing Date or such Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, or within 45 days thereafter, a Lender or an Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Agent and a party to a Cash Management Agreement, (iii) within 45 days after the time it enters into the applicable Cash Management Agreement, becomes a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Agent, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement or (iv) any other Approved Counterparty; provided , however , that for any of the foregoing to be included as a Cash Management Bank on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, the applicable Person referred to in any of clauses (i) through (iv) above must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination. 
 Cash Management Services means any of the following to the extent not constituting a line of credit (other than an overnight draft facility that is not in default); automated clearing house transactions, treasury and/or cash management services, including, without limitation, treasury, depository, overdraft, credit, purchasing or debit card, non-card e-payable services, electronic funds transfer, treasury management services (including controlled disbursement services, overdraft automatic clearing house fund transfer services, return items and interstate depository network services), other demand deposit or operating account relationships, foreign exchange facilities, credit card processing services and merchant services. 
 Casualty Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any casualty insurance proceeds or condemnation awards or that gives rise to a taking by a Governmental Authority in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace, restore or repair, or compensate for the loss of, such equipment, fixed assets or real property. 
 CERCLA means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980. 
 CERCLIS means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Information System maintained by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. 
 A Change of Control will be deemed to occur if: 
 (a)	Parent shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of Borrower; 
 
 (b)	any person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person and its subsidiaries and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than the Permitted Holders, acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of Voting Stock of Parent representing both (i) more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power for the election of directors of Parent and (ii) more than the percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power for the election of directors of Parent that is at the time beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, by the Permitted Holders, taken together; or 
 
 (c)	the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 13 

provided that a Specified Change of Control will not be deemed to be a Change of Control. 
 Closing Date means February 8, 2021. 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral means all of the Collateral (or similar term) referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property and assets that are or are required under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Collateral Agent means Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting through such of its Affiliates or branches as it may designate, in its capacity as collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor collateral agent permitted by the terms hereof. 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Intellectual Property Security Agreement, the Mortgages (if any), each of the mortgages, collateral assignments, Security Agreement Supplements, Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplements, security agreements, pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.12, Section 6.14 or Section 6.16, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Commitment means a Term Commitment and/or a Revolving Credit Commitment, as the context may require. 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Term Borrowing, (b) a Revolving Credit Borrowing, (c) a conversion of Loans from one Type to another or (d) a continuation of SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, in each case shall be in writing, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et. seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Company has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Company Competitor means any Person that competes with the business of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C or such other form as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Blackstone Credit Representative. 
 Computer Systems means any of, or combination of, computer software, computer hardware (whether general or special purpose), information technology systems, applications, cloud-based storage platforms and systems, telecommunications capabilities (including voice, data or video networks), and other similar or related items of any automated, computerized or software system and any other network or system or related service that is owned, controlled, licensed, leased, operated, used, or held for use by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries in the conduct of its or their business. 
 Consolidated Cash Taxes means, for an applicable period with respect to the Borrower Parties on a consolidated basis, the aggregate of all taxes based on income, profits or capital of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (including (i) federal, state, franchise, excise and similar taxes and foreign 
 14 

withholding taxes, (ii) penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from any tax examinations and (iii) taxes in respect of repatriated funds), paid in cash during such period, to the extent they exceed the amount of taxes deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period. 
 Consolidated Current Assets means, with respect to any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, all assets of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis that, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as current assets on the balance sheet of a company conducting a business the same as or similar to that of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, after deducting appropriate and adequate reserves therefrom in each case in which a reserve is proper in accordance with GAAP, but excluding (i) cash, (ii) Cash Equivalents, (iii) Swap Contracts to the extent that the mark-to-market Swap Termination Value would be reflected as an asset on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, (iv) deferred financing fees, (v) amounts related to current or deferred taxes (but excluding assets held for sale, loans (permitted) to third parties, pension assets, deferred bank fees and derivative financial instruments) (so long as the items described in clauses (iv) and (v) are non-cash items), (vi) in the event that a Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing is accounted for off balance sheet, (x) gross accounts receivable comprising part of the Receivables Assets subject to such Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing minus (y) collections by such Person against the amounts sold pursuant to clause (x), (vii) [reserved] and (viii) the effects of adjustments pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition. 
 Consolidated Current Liabilities means, with respect to any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, all liabilities in accordance with GAAP that would be classified as current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, but excluding (a) the current portion of Indebtedness (including the Swap Termination Value of any Swap Contracts) to the extent reflected as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, (b) the current portion of interest, (c) accruals for current or deferred taxes based on income or profits, (d) accruals of any costs or expenses related to restructuring reserves or severance, (e) deferred revenue, (f) escrow account balances, (g) the current portion of pension liabilities, (h) liabilities in respect of unpaid earn-outs, (i) amounts related to derivative financial instruments and assets held for sale, and (j) any L/C Obligations or Revolving Credit Loans and any letter of credit obligations, swing line loans or revolving loans under any other revolving credit facility. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, as of any date for the applicable period ending on such date with respect to any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of: 
 (a)	Consolidated Net Income; plus 
 (b)	an amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been deducted (and not added back) (or, in the case of amounts pursuant to clauses (vi), (x) or (xi) below, not already included in Consolidated Net Income) for, without duplication, 
 	(i)	total interest expense determined in accordance with GAAP (including, to the extent deducted and not added back in computing Consolidated Net Income, (A) amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par, (B) all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit or bankers acceptances, (C) non-cash interest payments, (D) the interest component of Capitalized Lease Obligations, (E) net payments, if any, made (less net amounts, if any, received) pursuant to interest rate Swap Contracts with respect to Indebtedness (other than in connection with the early termination thereof), (F) amortization or write-off of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, including 
 15 

commitment, letter of credit and administrative fees and charges with respect to the Facilities and with respect to other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred hereunder and (G) any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees, but excluding total interest expense associated with Synthetic Lease Obligations) and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income or gains on such hedging obligations, and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed), 
 	(ii)	provision for taxes based on income, profits or capital of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, including corporate income tax, federal, state, franchise, excise and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period including (A) penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from any tax examinations and (B) in respect of repatriated funds, 
 	(iii)	depreciation and amortization expense and impairment charges (including amortization of intangible assets (including goodwill), deferred financing fees or costs, capitalized software expenditures (including capitalized software development expenditures), customer acquisition costs and incentive payments, conversion costs, and contract acquisition costs), 
 	(iv)	other non-cash charges, expenses or losses (excluding any such non-cash charge, expense or loss to the extent that it represents an accrual of or reserve for cash expenses in any future period, an amortization of a prepaid cash expense that was paid in a prior period, or write-off or write-down or reserves with respect to current assets but including (A) any non-cash increase in expenses resulting from the revaluation of inventory (including any impact of changes to inventory valuation policy methods including changes in capitalization and variances), (B) charges recognized in relation to post-retirement benefits or other charges necessary to adjust the defined benefit pension expense to reflect service cost only, (C) losses on minority interests owned by such Person, (D) the non-cash impact of accounting changes or restatements, (E) non-cash fair value adjustments in Investments, (F) the non-cash portion of straight line rent expense and (G) any other non-cash losses and expenses resulting from fair value accounting required by the applicable standard under GAAP and related interpretations) all as determined on a consolidated basis, 
 	(v)	restructuring charges, accruals or reserves and business optimization expense, including any restructuring costs and integration costs incurred in connection with the Transactions, and other acquisitions permitted hereunder after the Closing Date, project start-up costs, losses, charges and expenses relating to any strategic initiatives (including any multi-year strategic initiatives), costs related to the closure, relocation, reconfiguration and/or consolidation of facilities, reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses and costs to relocate employees, integration and transaction costs, retention charges, severance, contract termination costs, recruiting and signing bonuses and expenses, future lease commitments, systems establishment costs, conversion costs, excess pension charges (including curtailments and modifications to pensions and post retirement employee benefit plans), and consulting fees, expenses attributable to the implementation of costs savings initiatives, costs associated with tax projects/audits and costs consisting of professional consulting or other fees relating to any of the foregoing in an amount, not to exceed, when taken together with the amount under clause (vi) below and in Section 1.10 in such period, an aggregate amount of 25 of Consolidated EBITDA (determined prior to giving effect to such amounts) in any consecutive fiscal quarter period, 
 16 

(vi)	the amount of run rate net cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and acquisition synergies, in each case, projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such items had been realized on the first day of such period) as a result of specified actions taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of a responsible financial officer of the Borrower), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period that are otherwise included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA from such actions; provided that (A) the Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 for the applicable period shall include a certification that such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements, synergies are, in the good faith judgment of a responsible financial officer of the Borrower, (1) factually supportable and (2) reasonably anticipated to be realized within 18 months after the consummation of any operational change or the acquisition or disposition or the entry into any new agreements or amendments to existing agreements with customers or joint ventures, in each case, which is expected to result in such cost savings, expense reductions, operating improvements or synergies, as the case may be, (B) no cost savings, operating expense reductions, operating improvements and synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (vi) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges otherwise added to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to the other clauses of this definition or Consolidated Net Income, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period and (C) projected amounts (that are not yet realized) may no longer be added in calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (vi) to the extent occurring more than six full fiscal quarters after the specified action taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken in order to realize such projected cost savings, operating expense reductions, operating improvements and synergies; provided that, amounts added to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (vi), other than to the extent in connection with the Transactions, shall not, when combined with amounts added to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (v) above and Section 1.10, in the aggregate exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA (determined prior to giving effect to such amounts) in any four consecutive fiscal quarter period, 
 	(vii)	non-cash expenses resulting from any employee benefit or management compensation plan or the grant of stock and stock options and other equity and equity-based interests to employees or other service providers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to a written plan or agreement (including expenses arising from the grant of stock and stock options and other equity and equity-based interests prior to the Closing Date) or the treatment of such options and other equity and equity-based interests under variable plan accounting, 
 	(viii)	(A) management, consulting and advisory fees, termination payments, transaction fees, indemnities and expenses permitted under Section 7.05 and (B) the amount of expenses, if any relating to payments made to any current, former or future officers, directors, employees, managers, consultants and independent contractors that are holders of stock options or other compensatory equity-based awards in Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to equity holders or unit holders of such Person or its direct or indirect parent companies, which payments are being made to compensate such holders of compensatory equity-based awards as though they were shareholders or unit holders at the time entitled to share in such distribution, in each case to the extent permitted by this Agreement, 
 17 

(ix)	any costs or expenses incurred pursuant to any management equity plan or share or unit option plan or any other management, director or employee benefit plan or agreement or share or unit subscription or shareholder or similar agreement, to the extent such costs or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Borrower or the Net Cash Proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower (or any Parent Holding Company thereof) and not otherwise applied hereunder, 
 	(x)	proceeds from business interruption insurance (to the extent not reflected as revenue or income in Consolidated Net Income and to the extent that the related loss was deducted in the determination of Consolidated Net Income), 
 	(xi)	charges, losses, lost profits, expenses or write offs to the extent indemnified or insured by a third party that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with the Transaction, or any other acquisition or transaction permitted hereunder, in each case, to the extent that coverage has not been denied and so long as such amounts are actually reimbursed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in cash, or, so long as such Person has made a determination that a reasonable basis exists for indemnification or reimbursement, but only to the extent that such amount is in fact indemnified or reimbursed in cash within 365 days of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so indemnified or reimbursed within such 365 days) and to the extent that the related loss was deducted in the determination of Consolidated Net Income, 
 	(xii)	Synthetic Lease Obligations, to the extent deducted as an expense in such period, 
 	(xiii)	any losses realized upon a Disposition of property (including abandoned or discontinued operations or product lines) outside of the ordinary course of business, 
 	(xiv)	cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenses) not included in Consolidated EBITDA in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such receipts were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (c) below for any previous period and not added back, 
 	(xv)	net realized losses relating to amounts denominated in foreign currencies resulting from the application of FASB ASC 830 (or any similar pronouncement) (including net realized losses from exchange rate fluctuations on intercompany balances and balance sheet items, net of realized gains from related Swap Contracts) (entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice), 
 	(xvi)	cash expenses relating to earn outs and similar obligations and any other earn-out obligations incurred prior to the date thereof or in connection with any acquisition, buyout or other investment paid or accrued during the applicable period, including any mark-to-market adjustments, in each case to the extent permitted by this Agreement, 
 	(xvii)	transaction costs related to any public offering consummated by the Borrower, 
 	(xviii)	any loss relating to Swap Contracts permitted hereunder (excluding Swap Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice), 
 18 

(xix)	the amount of any non-controlling interest expense consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Subsidiary deducted (and not added back) in such period in calculating Consolidated Net Income, excluding cash distributions in respect thereof, and 
 	(xx)	compensation and reimbursement of expenses of non-management members of the board of directors (or similar body) of such Person (other than employees of the Sponsor); 
 minus 
 (c)	an amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income, has been included for: 
 	(i)	non-cash income or gains, including (A) any non-cash portion of straight line rent expense, (B) credits recognized in relation to post-retirement benefits or other credits necessary to adjust the defined benefit pension income to reflect service cost only, (C) gains on minority interests owned by such Person, (D) the non-cash impact of accounting changes or restatements and (E) non-cash fair value adjustments in Investments but excluding (x) accrual of revenue in the ordinary course, (y) any such items in respect of which cash was received in a prior period or will be received in a future period (and, in the case of cash that was received in a prior period, such amounts previously reduced Consolidated Net Income in a prior period (and would not have been required to be added back pursuant to clause (b) of this definition)) or (z) any such items which represent the reversal in such period of any accrual of, or reserve for, anticipated cash charges in any prior period where such accrual or reserve is no longer required (and where such accrual or reserve previously reduced Consolidated Net Income in a prior period (and would not have been required to be added back pursuant to clause (b) of this definition)) and (F) any other non-cash gains and income resulting from fair value accounting required by the applicable standard under GAAP and related interpretations, all as determined on a consolidated basis, 
 	(ii)	any gains realized upon the Disposition of property (including abandoned or discontinued operations or product lines) outside of the ordinary course of business, 
 	(iii)	the amount of cash received in such period in respect of any non-cash income or gain in a prior period (and such non-cash income or gain previously increased Consolidated Net Income in a prior period (and would not have been required to be deducted pursuant to clause (c)(i) of this definition)), 
 	(iv)	net realized gains relating to amounts denominated in foreign currencies resulting from the application of FASB ASC 830 (or any similar pronouncement) (including net realized gains from exchange rate fluctuations on intercompany balances and balance sheet items, net of realized losses from related Swap Contracts) (entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice), and 
 	(v)	any gain related to Swap Contracts (excluding Swap Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA for any four-quarter period that includes any of the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2020, June 30, 2020, March 31, 2020 or December 31, 2019, Consolidated EBITDA for such fiscal quarters shall equal 16,700,000, 
 19 

12,200,000, 15,000,000 and 17,200,000, respectively (which amounts, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be subject to add-backs and adjustments pursuant to this definition but shall give effect to calculations on a Pro Forma Basis in accordance with this Agreement in respect of acquisitions permitted hereunder and consummated after the Closing Date (including with respect to cost savings, synergies and run-rate adjustments described in clause (b)(vi) above or in Section 1.10 in connection with such acquisitions, subject in each case to the applicable limitations set forth therein)). 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means all Indebtedness of the type described in clauses (a)(i), (a)(ii) (but excluding surety bonds, performance bonds or other similar instruments), (a)(iv), (b) (in respect of Indebtedness of the type described in (a)(i), (a)(ii) (but excluding Indebtedness constituting surety bonds, performance bonds or other similar instruments) and (a)(iv)), (d) and (e) of the definition of Indebtedness , of a Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case (other than with respect to Indebtedness of the type described in clauses (d) and (e) of the definition of Indebtedness ), in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but (x) excluding the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with any acquisition and (y) any Indebtedness that is issued at a discount to its initial principal amount shall be calculated based on the entire stated principal amount thereof, without giving effect to any discounts or upfront payments), excluding obligations in respect of letters of credit (including Letters of Credit), bank guarantees, and guarantees on first demand, in each case, except to the extent of unreimbursed amounts thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that obligations (i) under Swap Contracts and Cash Management Agreements, (ii) owed by Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (iii) in respect of intercompany Indebtedness (including Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock) held by any Loan Party, do not constitute Consolidated Funded Indebtedness. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum, without duplication, of: 
 (a)	the aggregate interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, to the extent such expense was deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income (including pay in kind interest payments, amortization of original issue discount, the interest component of Capitalized Lease Obligations and net payments and receipts (if any) pursuant to interest rate Swap Contracts (other than in connection with the early termination thereof) but excluding any non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement in the mark-to-market valuation of Indebtedness, Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments, all amortization and write-offs of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, discounts, fees and expenses and expensing of any bridge, commitment or other financing fees, costs of surety bonds, charges owed with respect to letters of credit, bankers acceptances or similar facilities); plus 
 
 (b)	consolidated capitalized interest of the referent Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued; less 
 
 (c)	interest income of the referent Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period; 
 provided that (a) when determining Consolidated Interest Expense in respect of any four-quarter period ending prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, Consolidated Interest Expense will be calculated by multiplying the aggregate Consolidated Interest Expense accrued since the Closing Date by 365 and then dividing such product by the number of days from and including the Closing Date to and including the last day of such period and (b) in the case of any Person that became a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person after the commencement of such four-quarter period, the interest expense of such Person paid in cash prior to the date on which it became a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person will be disregarded. For purposes of this definition, interest on Capitalized Lease Obligations will be deemed to accrue at the interest rate 
 20 

reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligations in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as of any date for the applicable period ending on such date with respect to any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, net income, excluding, without duplication: 
 	(i)	extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring charges, expenses, losses or gains (including gains and losses realized on disposition of property outside of the ordinary course of business); 
 	(ii)	any amounts attributable to Investments in any non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, Unrestricted Subsidiary or joint venture (other than a Guarantor or any Person at the Closing Date accounted for by the equity method of accounting; provided that to the extent not already excluded or deducted as minority interest expense, payments made in respect of interests of third parties shall be excluded) to the extent that such amounts have not been distributed in cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such applicable period; 
 	(iii)	(x) any net unrealized gains and losses resulting from fair value accounting (including as a result of the mark-to-market of obligations of Swap Contracts and other derivative instruments) and (y) any net unrealized gains and losses relating to mark-to-market of amounts denominated in foreign currencies (including net unrealized gain and losses from exchange rate fluctuations on intercompany balances and balance sheet items), in each case, to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income; 
 	(iv)	the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries (except to the extent required for any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA on a Pro Forma Basis); 
 	(v)	[reserved]; 
 	(vi)	the net income for such period shall not include the cumulative effect of a change in or the adoption, application or modification of accounting principles or policies during such period, whether effected through a cumulative effect adjustment or a retroactive application; 
 	(vii)	effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in any line item in such Person s consolidated financial statements resulting from the application of purchase accounting (including any step-ups with respect to re-valuing assets and liabilities) in relation to the Transactions and any investment, acquisition, merger or consolidation (or resulting from any reorganization or restructuring) that is consummated after the Closing Date or the depreciation, amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof shall be excluded; 
 	(viii)	Transaction Costs; and 
 	(ix)	transaction fees and expenses incurred, or amortization thereof, in connection with, to the extent permitted hereunder, any Investment, any Debt Issuance, any Equity Issuance, any Disposition, any Casualty Event, recapitalization or any amendments or waivers of the Loan Documents, documentation governing other securities, credit facilities or debt instruments (including, in each case listed above, any amendments or other modifications thereto) and Permitted Refinancings in connection therewith, in each case, whether or not consummated. 
 21 

There shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income for any period (A) the accounting effects of adjustments to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of any acquisition consummated prior to the Closing Date, the Transactions and any acquisitions permitted hereunder (or Investments similar to those made for such acquisitions) or any Investment permitted under Section 7.05 or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof and (B) any income (loss) for such period attributable to the early extinguishment or cancellation of (i) Indebtedness, (ii) obligations under any Swap Contracts and (iii) other derivative instruments. 
 Consolidated Scheduled Funded Debt Payments means, as of any date for the applicable period ending on such date with respect to the Borrower Parties on a consolidated basis, the sum of all scheduled payments of principal made in cash during such period on Consolidated Funded Indebtedness that constitutes funded Indebtedness (including the implied principal component of payments due on Capitalized Lease Obligations during such period to the extent not deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income), less the reduction in such scheduled payments resulting from voluntary prepayments pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or mandatory prepayments required pursuant to Section 2.05(b) , in each case as applied pursuant to Section 2.05 , as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, the consolidated total assets of the Borrower Parties as set forth on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as of the most recent period for which financial statements have been delivered (and, in the case of any determination relating to any incurrence of Indebtedness or any Investment, Restricted Payment or other acquisition, on a Pro Forma Basis including any property or asset being acquired or disposed of in connection therewith). 
 Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio means on any date of determination, with respect to Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (less the amount of Adjusted Cash and unrestricted Cash Equivalents of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date) of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the four fiscal quarter period most recently then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Contingent Obligations means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent: 
 (1)	to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, 
 
 (2)	to advance or supply funds: 
 (a)	for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation; or 
 (b)	to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; or 
 (3)	to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. 
 Contract Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(i)(6). 
 22 

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Contribution Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount not greater than the aggregate amount of cash contributions (other than Excluded Contributions) made to the capital of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than, in the case of such Restricted Subsidiary, contributions by the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary to its capital) after the Closing Date and designated as a Cash Contribution Amount; provided that such Contribution Indebtedness (a) is incurred within 210 days after the date of such cash contribution, (b) is designated as Contribution Indebtedness pursuant to a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower on the incurrence date thereof and (c) is subordinated in right of payment and security to the Obligations pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Control Investment Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person and (b) is organized by such Person primarily for the purpose of making equity investments in one or more companies. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Agreement means (i) this Agreement and (ii) whether or not this Agreement remains outstanding, if designated by the Borrower to be included in the definition of Credit Agreement, one or more (A) debt facilities, indentures or commercial paper facilities providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, notes, debentures, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to lenders or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from lenders against such receivables) or letters of credit, (B) debt securities, notes, mortgages, guarantees, collateral documents, indentures or other forms of debt financing (including convertible or exchangeable debt instruments or bank guarantees or bankers acceptances), or (C) instruments or agreements evidencing any other Indebtedness, in each case, with the same or different borrower(s) or issuer(s) and, in each case, as amended, supplemented, modified, extended, restructured, renewed, refinanced, restated, increased provided that such increase in borrowings is permitted under this Agreement), replaced or refunded in whole or in part from time to time and whether by the same or any other agent, lender or investor or group of lenders or investors. 
 Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 
 Cure Amount has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(a). 
 Cure Equity has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(a). 
 Cure Right has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(a). 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
 23 

or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than the Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower or any Lenders; provided that the Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly notify the Borrower of any such change. 
 Data Privacy and Security Laws, Requirements, and Standards means: (a) all applicable laws and regulations governing the protection, collection, access, use, storage, disposal, disclosure, registration, processing, or transfer of Personal Data, including, but not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), U.S. state data security and breach notification laws, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), and any other applicable U.S. and international laws concerning the privacy or security of Personal Data Applicable Data Privacy Laws ); (b) the data privacy and security contractual obligations in all material agreements to which the Borrower is bound that relate to the protection, collection, access, use, storage, disposal, disclosure, registration, processing, or transfer of Personal Data, as well as the security of the Borrower s software, solutions, applications, and/or Computer Systems; and (c) the privacy notices set forth at:https://www.kldiscovery.com/uk/privacy-policy,https://www.ontrack.com/en-us/legal/privacy-policy and https://www.ibas.com/privacy/ and any other external notices or policies the Borrower maintains concerning the protection, collection, access, use, storage, disposal, disclosure, registration, processing, or transfer of Personal Data of job applicants to, employees of, owners of, directors of, officers of, medical staff members of, and contractors of the Borrower. 
 Debt Contributions has the meaning specified in Section 7.05(14)(b). 
 Debt Fund Affiliate means any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than Holdings and its Subsidiaries) that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course and with respect to which the Sponsor does not, directly or indirectly, possess the power to direct or cause the direction of the investment policies of any such Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Natural Person be a Debt Fund Affiliate. 
 Debt Issuance means the issuance by any Person of any Indebtedness for borrowed money. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Declined Amounts has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 
 Declining Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 
 24 

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (after as well as before judgment), (a) with respect to any overdue principal for any Loan, the applicable interest rate for such Loan plus 2.00 per annum provided that with respect to SOFR Loans, the determination of the applicable interest rate is subject to Section 2.02(d) to the extent that SOFR Loans may not be converted to, or continued as, SOFR Loans, pursuant thereto) and (b) with respect to any other overdue amount, including overdue interest, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans that are Term Loans plus 2.00 per annum, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder, including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of Letters of Credit within three Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder or, solely with respect to a Revolving Credit Lender, under other agreements generally in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations; provided that the Administrative Agent shall request such confirmation upon reasonable request from any L/C Issuer; provided further that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such confirmation by the Administrative Agent (it being understood that such Lender may otherwise remain a Defaulting Lender pursuant to one or more other clauses of this definition) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, other than via an Undisclosed Administration, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, (iii) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iv) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that no Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (x) the ownership or acquisition by a Governmental Authority of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender, or (y) the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (d)(i), (d)(ii) or (d)(iii) of this definition which in each case has been dismissed or terminated prior to the date of this Agreement. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each L/C Issuer and each Lender. 
 Delayed Draw Closing Date means the date of any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans in accordance with Sections 2.01(a)(ii) and 4.02 . 
 Delayed Draw Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a Delayed Draw Term Loan to the Borrower hereunder during the Delayed Draw Commitment Period, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loans to be made by such Lender under this Agreement, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or (ii) a Refinancing Amendment. The initial amount of each Lender s Delayed Draw Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Delayed Draw 
 25 

Commitment or, otherwise, in the Assignment and Assumption or Refinancing Amendment pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Delayed Draw Commitment, as the case may be. The initial aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Commitments is 50,000,000. 
 Delayed Draw Commitment Period means the period from the Closing Date to and including the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date. 
 Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the date that is twenty-four (24) months after the Closing Date, (ii) the date on which all Delayed Draw Commitments then outstanding have been funded in one or more Borrowings pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii) and (iii) the date on which all unfunded Delayed Draw Commitments have been reduced to 0 pursuant to Section 2.06 or terminated by the Borrower. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01(a)(ii) . 
 Delayed Draw Term Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Term Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-2 hereto, evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Term Lender resulting from the Delayed Draw Term Loans under the same Term Loan Tranche made or held by such Term Lender. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a Disposition made pursuant to Section 7.04(2)(c) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration on the date received pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, less the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale of or collection on such Designated Non-Cash Consideration. 
 Designated Preferred Stock means Preferred Stock of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, as applicable (other than Excluded Equity), that is issued after the Closing Date for cash and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to an officer s certificate of the Borrower, on the issuance date thereof, the cash proceeds of which are contributed to the capital of the Borrower (if issued by the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) and excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 7.05. 
 Discount Range has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Discounted Value means, with respect to the principal of the Loans voluntarily prepaid prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the date of such repayment in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the Loans is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield. 
 Disposition or Dispose has the meaning specified in the definition of Asset Sale . 
 Disqualified Institution means (a) each person identified as a Disqualified Institution on a list delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative by the Borrower or the Sponsor on or prior to the Closing Date, as such list may be updated with the Blackstone Credit Representative s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (b) any Company Competitor identified on a list delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative by the Borrower or the Sponsor from time to time and (c) as to any entity referenced in clause (a) above (the Primary Disqualified Institution ), any of such Primary Disqualified Institution s 
 26 

known Affiliates or Affiliates identified in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative from time to time or otherwise readily identifiable as such solely by name, but excluding any Affiliate that is primarily engaged in, or that advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course and with respect to which the Primary Disqualified Institution does not, directly or indirectly, possess the power to direct or cause the direction of the investment policies of such entity; provided, that no debt fund associated with The Blackstone Group, Inc. will be a Disqualified Institution; provided further that any additional designation permitted by the foregoing shall not apply retroactively to any prior assignment or participation to any Lender or Participant that was permitted under the terms of this Agreement at the time of such assignment or participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any list of Disqualified Institutions shall only be required to be available to any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant on the Platform or another similar electronic system (i) to the extent the Borrower desires to prevent any such Disqualified Institution from being a Lender or a Participant or (ii) upon written request by such Lender. For the purposes of clause (b), such list shall be made available to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.02, and any additions, deletions or other modifications to the list of Disqualified Institutions shall become effective immediately after delivery to the Administrative Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative (or in the case of clause (a) in the previous sentence, after the Blackstone Credit Representative s consent thereto). 
 Disqualified Stock means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interests of such Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is puttable, redeemable or exchangeable) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash or other cash distributions or, in each case, at the option of the holder thereof or upon the happening of any event: 
 (1)	matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than as a result of a change of control or asset sale; provided that any purchase requirement triggered thereby may not become operative until compliance with, in the case of an asset sale, the provisions of Section 7.04 or, in the case of a change of control, the repayment in full of the Obligations), 
 (2)	is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock, or 
 (3)	is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, 
 in each case prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans at the time of issuance of the respective Disqualified Stock; provided that only the portion of Equity Interests that so mature or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock; provided , further , that if such Equity Interests are issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees, consultants and directors of Holdings (or any Parent Holding Company), the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by Holdings or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, death or disability; provided , further , that any class of Equity Interests of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Stock shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Dutch Auction means an auction (an Auction conducted by the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries in order to purchase any Term Loans under a Tranche (the Purchase in accordance with 
 27 

the following procedures or such other procedures as may be agreed to between the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower: 
 (a)	 Notice Procedures . In connection with any Auction, the Borrower shall provide notification to the Auction Agent (for distribution to the Appropriate Lenders) of the Term Loans under such Tranche that will be the subject of the Auction (an Auction Notice ). Each Auction Notice shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative and shall specify (i) the total cash value of the bid, in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 with minimum increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (the Auction Amount and (ii) the discounts to par, which shall be expressed as a range of percentages of the par principal amount of the Term Loans under such Tranche at issue (the Discount Range ), representing the range of purchase prices that could be paid in the Auction. 
 
 (b)	 Reply Procedures . In connection with any Auction, each applicable Lender may, in its sole discretion, participate in such Auction by providing the Auction Agent with a notice of participation (the Return Bid which shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent and shall specify (i) a discount to par that must be expressed as a price (the Reply Discount ), which must be within the Discount Range, and (ii) a principal amount of the applicable Loans such Lender is willing to sell, which must be in increments of 2,000,000 or in an amount equal to such Lender s entire remaining amount of the applicable Loans (the Reply Amount ). Lenders may only submit one Return Bid per Auction. In addition to the Return Bid, each Lender wishing to participate in such Auction must execute and deliver, to be held in escrow by the Auction Agent, an assignment and acceptance agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent. 
 
 (c)	 Acceptance Procedures . Based on the Reply Discounts and Reply Amounts received by the Auction Agent, the Blackstone Credit Representative, in consultation with the Borrower, will determine the applicable discount (the Applicable Discount for the Auction, which shall be the lowest Reply Discount for which the Borrower or its Subsidiary, as applicable, can complete the Auction at the Auction Amount; provided that, in the event that the Reply Amounts are insufficient to allow the Borrower or its Subsidiary, as applicable, to complete a purchase of the entire Auction Amount (any such Auction, a Failed Auction ), the Borrower or such Subsidiary shall either, at its election, (i) withdraw the Auction or (ii) complete the Auction at an Applicable Discount equal to the highest Reply Discount. The Borrower or its Subsidiary, as applicable, shall purchase the applicable Loans (or the respective portions thereof) from each applicable Lender with a Reply Discount that is equal to or greater than the Applicable Discount Qualifying Bids at the Applicable Discount; provided that if the aggregate proceeds required to purchase all applicable Loans subject to Qualifying Bids would exceed the Auction Amount for such Auction, the Borrower or its Subsidiary, as applicable, shall purchase such Loans at the Applicable Discount ratably based on the principal amounts of such Qualifying Bids (subject to adjustment for rounding as specified by the Blackstone Credit Representative). Each participating Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) will receive notice of a Qualifying Bid as soon as reasonably practicable but in no case later than five Business Days from the date the Return Bid was due. 
 
 (d)	 Additional Procedures . Once initiated by an Auction Notice, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, may not withdraw an Auction other than a Failed Auction. Furthermore, in connection with any Auction, upon submission by a Lender of a Qualifying Bid, such Lender will be obligated to sell the entirety or its allocable portion of the Reply Amount, as the case may be, at the Applicable Discount. The Purchase shall be consummated pursuant to and in accordance with Section 10.07 and, to the extent not otherwise provided herein, shall otherwise be consummated pursuant to procedures (including as to timing, rounding and minimum amounts, Interest Periods, and other notices by the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable) reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower. 
 28 

ECF Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(i). 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.07(b) (subject to receipt of such consents, if any, as may be required for the assignment of the applicable Loan and/or Commitments to such Person under Section 10.07(b)(iii)). 
 EMU means the economic and monetary union as contemplated in the EU Treaty. 
 EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the EMU for the introduction of, changeover to, or operation of the Euro in one or more member states. 
 Environment shall mean ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface, sediments, and subsurface strata natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, including common law, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses or governmental restrictions relating to pollution, the protection of the Environment, human health (to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials) or safety, including those related to Hazardous Materials, air emissions and discharges to public pollution control systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, monitoring or oversight by a Governmental Authority, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage or treatment of any Hazardous Materials, (c) human exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other binding consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 
 Equity Contribution has the meaning specified in the definition of Transactions. 
 29 

Equity Interests means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any Capital Stock that arises only by reason of the happening of a contingency or any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock). 
 Equity Issuance means any issuance by any Person to any other Person of (a) its Equity Interests for cash, (b) any of its Equity Interests pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants, (c) any of its Equity Interests pursuant to the conversion of any debt securities to equity or (d) any options or warrants relating to its Equity Interests. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the rules and regulations thereunder, each as amended or modified from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any Person who together with any Loan Party is treated as a single employer within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code) or Section 4001 of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Plan; (b) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA); (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate or the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, respectively, (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the determination that any Plan is considered an at-risk plan within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA; (h) the determination that any Multiemployer Plan is considered a plan in endangered , critical , or critical and declining status within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (i) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate; (j) the conditions for the imposition of a Lien under Section 430(k) of the Code or Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to any Plan; (k) any Foreign Benefit Event; or (l) any other event or condition with respect to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan that could result in liability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EU Treaty means the Treaty on European Union. 
 Euro and shall mean the single currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the provisions of Article 109(i)4 of the EU Treaty. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. 
 Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any Excess Cash Flow Period, an amount, not less than zero, equal to: 
 (a)	the sum, without duplication, of (i) Consolidated Net Income of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such Excess Cash Flow Period, plus (ii) the amount 
 30 

of all non-cash charges, losses or expenses (including depreciation, amortization and deferred tax expense) deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, plus (iii) the aggregate net amount of non-cash loss on Dispositions by Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business), to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, plus (iv) to the extent not otherwise included in determining Consolidated Net Income, the aggregate amount of cash receipts for such period attributable to Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments (other than commodity Swap Contracts); minus 
 (b)	the sum, without duplication (in each case, for Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis), of: 
 	(i)	[reserved]; 
 	(ii)	without duplication of any reduction taken in Section 2.05(b)(i)(3), the amount of Consolidated Scheduled Funded Debt Payments (except to the extent financed with the proceeds of funded Indebtedness other than the Loans) and, to the extent not otherwise deducted from Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Cash Taxes, in each case, actually made during such period; 
 	(iii)	to the extent not deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income, Restricted Payments made in cash during such period by the Borrower to the extent that such Restricted Payments are made under Sections 7.05(5) , (19) , (25) and (26) solely to the extent made, directly or indirectly, with the net cash proceeds from events or circumstances that were included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income; 
 	(iv)	without duplication of any reduction taken in Section 2.05(b)(i)(3), the aggregate amount of voluntary or mandatory permanent principal payments or mandatory repurchases of (A) Indebtedness for borrowed money and (B) the principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations of the Borrower Parties (in each case, excluding the Obligations and the Revolving Credit Commitments) made by the Borrower Parties during such period; provided that (A) such prepayments or repurchases are otherwise permitted hereunder, (B) if such Indebtedness consists of a revolving line of credit, the commitments under such line of credit are permanently reduced by the amount of such prepayment or repurchase, and (C) such prepayments or repurchases are not made, directly or indirectly, using proceeds, payments or any other amounts available from events or circumstances that were not included in determining Consolidated Net Income during such period (including any proceeds from Indebtedness); 
 	(v)	(A) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment or satisfaction and discharge of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries (except to the extent financed with the proceeds of funded Indebtedness other than the Loans) to the extent that the amount so prepaid, satisfied or discharged is not deducted from Consolidated Net Income for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow and (B) to the extent included in determining Consolidated Net Income, the aggregate amount of any income (or loss) for such period attributable to the early extinguishment or cancellation of Indebtedness, Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments (other than commodity Swap Contracts); 
 31 

(vi)	cash payments made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (to the extent not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income) in satisfaction of non-current liabilities (excluding payments of Indebtedness for borrowed money) not made directly or indirectly using proceeds, payments or any other amounts available from events or circumstances that were not included in determining Consolidated Net Income during such period (including any proceeds from Indebtedness); 
 	 (vii)	to the extent not deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income, fees, expenses and purchase price adjustments paid in cash during such period by the Borrower Parties in connection with the Transactions or, to the extent permitted hereunder, any Investment permitted under Section 7.05 , any Disposition permitted by Section 7.04 , Equity Issuance or Debt Issuance (whether or not consummated) and any Restricted Payment made in cash by any Borrower Party pursuant to Section 7.05 to pay any of the foregoing; 
 	(viii)	to the extent not deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income, the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made in cash by the Borrower Parties during such period (including expenditures for payment of financing fees) to the extent such expenditures are (1) not expensed during such period and (2) made with cash from operations; 
 	(ix)	without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (xv) below in prior fiscal years, cash from operations used by the Borrower Parties or committed to be used by the Borrower Parties to consummate an acquisition, in each case, as permitted hereunder; 
 	(x)	the amount of cash payments made in respect of pensions and other postemployment benefits in such period to the extent not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income; 
 	(xi)	the amount of cash expenditures in respect of Swap Contracts during such fiscal year to the extent they exceed the amount of expenditures expensed in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period; 
 	(xii)	the aggregate principal amount of all mandatory prepayments of the Term Facilities made during such Excess Cash Flow Period pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii) or any amounts offered pursuant to Section 2.05(c) and constituting Declined Amounts, or reinvestments of Net Cash Proceeds in lieu thereof, to the extent that the applicable Net Cash Proceeds resulted in an increase of Consolidated Net Income (and are not in excess of such increase) for such Excess Cash Flow Period; 
 	(xiii)	the amount representing accrued expenses for cash payments (including with respect to retirement plan obligations) that are not paid in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period; provided that such amounts will be added to Excess Cash Flow for the following Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent not paid in cash within six months after the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period (and no future deduction shall be made for purposes of this definition when such amounts are paid in cash in any future period); 
 	(xiv)	the aggregate net amount of any non-cash gains and credits to the extent included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income; 
 	(xv)	[reserved]; 
 	(xvi)	[reserved]; 
 32 

(xvii)	reimbursable or insured expenses incurred during such fiscal year to the extent that such reimbursement has not yet been received and to the extent not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income; 
 	(xviii)	amounts received from customers in the ordinary course of business representing an overfunding or overpayment of amounts owed to the Borrower Parties; and 
 	(xix)	to the extent not taken into account in clause (ii) above, the amount of Permitted Tax Distributions actually distributed for such period; 
 minus 
 (c)	any increase in Net Working Capital during such Excess Cash Flow Period (measured as the excess, if any, of Net Working Capital at the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period minus Net Working Capital at the beginning of such Excess Cash Flow Period) or increases in long-term accounts receivable and decreases in the long term portion of deferred revenue for such period, except as a result of the reclassification of items from short-term to long-term or vice versa; plus 
 (d)	any decrease in Net Working Capital during such Excess Cash Flow Period (measured as the excess, if any, of Net Working Capital at the beginning of such Excess Cash Flow Period minus Net Working Capital at the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period) or decreases in long-term accounts receivable and increases in the long-term portion of deferred revenue for such period, except as a result of the reclassification of items from short-term to long-term or vice versa; 
 provided that for purposes of calculating any increase or decrease in Net Working Capital, long-term accounts receivables or long-term portion of deferred revenue for such period pursuant to clauses (c) and (d) above, (1) any such increase or decrease shall be disregarded if attributable to property Disposed by Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period and (2) the Net Working Capital, long-term accounts receivables or long-term portion of deferred revenue at the beginning of such period shall include such amounts as set forth on the opening balance sheet of any entity acquired (or combined into) Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries at the time of any acquisition consummated during such period. 
 Excess Cash Flow Period means any fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2021 (but with respect to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, the Excess Cash Flow Period shall be from the Closing Date through December 31, 2021). 
 Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 Excluded Contributions means the net cash proceeds and Cash Equivalents, or the Fair Market Value of other assets, received by the Borrower after the Closing Date from (in each case, other than in connection with any Specified Change of Control): 
 (1)	contributions to its common equity capital (other than as a result of issuance of Excluded Equity), and 
 (2)	the sale of Capital Stock (other than Excluded Equity) of the Borrower, 
 33 

in each case, not otherwise applied towards the making of a Restricted Payment and designated as Excluded Contributions pursuant to an officer s certificate of a Responsible Officer, or that has been utilized to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to clause (2) of the second paragraph of Section 7.05; provided that in no event shall any Cure Equity, Specified Change of Control Equity Contribution or Debt Contributions constitute an Excluded Contribution. Excluded Contributions will be excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 7.05. 
 Excluded Equity means (i) Disqualified Stock, (ii) any Equity Interests issued or sold to a Restricted Subsidiary or any employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (to the extent such employee stock ownership plan or trust has been funded by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower), (iii) any Equity Interest that has already been used or designated (x) as (or the proceeds of which have been used or designated as) a Cash Contribution Amount, Designated Preferred Stock, an Excluded Contribution, Cure Equity or Refunding Capital Stock, or (y) to increase the amount available under clause (5)(a) of the second paragraph under Section 7.05 or clause (14) of the definition of Permitted Investments or is proceeds of Indebtedness referred to in clause (14)(b) of the second paragraph in Section 7.05, (iv) the Equity Contribution, and (v) any Equity Interests issued or sold as part of a Specified Change of Control. 
 Excluded Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07. 
 Excluded Property means, with respect to any Loan Party, (a) (i) any fee-owned real property not constituting Material Real Property and any real property leasehold or subleasehold interests and (ii) any portion of real property not subject to preceding clause (i) that contains improvements located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area , (b) motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title to the extent a Lien thereon cannot be perfected by filing a UCC financing statement, letter of credit rights (other than letter of credit rights that can be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement) with a value not in excess of 5,000,000 in the aggregate and commercial tort claims with a value not in excess of 5,000,000 in the aggregate, (c) assets to the extent a security interest in such assets would result in material adverse tax consequences (including, without limitation, as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code or any similar law or regulation in any applicable jurisdiction), or material adverse regulatory consequences, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent, (d) pledges of, and security interests in, certain assets, in favor of the Collateral Agent which are prohibited by applicable Law; provided , that (i) any such limitation described in this clause (d) on the security interests granted shall only apply to the extent that any such prohibition could not be rendered ineffective pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction or any other applicable Law or principles of equity and shall not apply to any proceeds or receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction notwithstanding such prohibition and (ii) in the event of the termination or elimination of any such prohibition contained in any applicable Law, a security interest in such assets shall be automatically and simultaneously granted under the applicable Collateral Documents and such asset shall be included as Collateral, (e) any governmental licenses (but not the proceeds thereof) or state or local franchises, charters and authorizations, to the extent security interests in favor of the Collateral Agent in such licenses, franchises, charters or authorizations are prohibited or restricted thereby, in each case, except to the extent such prohibition is unenforceable after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction and other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction notwithstanding such prohibition; provided that (i) any such limitation described in this clause (e) on the security interests granted shall only apply to the extent that any such prohibition or restriction could not be rendered ineffective pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction or any other applicable Law or 
 34 

principles of equity and (ii) in the event of the termination or elimination of any such prohibition or restriction contained in any applicable license, franchise, charter or authorization, a security interest in such licenses, franchises, charters or authorizations shall be automatically and simultaneously granted under the applicable Collateral Documents and such licenses, franchises, charters or authorizations shall be included as Collateral, (f) Equity Interests in (A) any Person (other than the Borrower and Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower) to the extent and for so long as the pledge thereof in favor of the Collateral Agent is not permitted by the terms of such Person s joint venture agreement or other applicable Organization Documents , in each case, except to the extent such prohibition is unenforceable after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction and other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction notwithstanding such prohibition ; provided , that such prohibition exists on the Closing Date or at the time such Equity Interests are acquired (so long as such prohibition did not arise in contemplation of the Closing Date or such acquisition), (B) any not-for-profit Subsidiary, (C) any captive insurance Subsidiary, (D) any special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity), including any Receivables Subsidiary, (E) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (F) any Person which is acquired after the date hereof to the extent and for so long as such Equity Interests are pledged in respect of Acquired Indebtedness, such pledge constitutes a Permitted Lien and the terms thereof do not permit the pledge of such Equity Interests to the Collateral Agent , (G) any Person that is an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to clause (e) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary and (H) any indirect Subsidiary that is not directly owned by a Loan Party, (g) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject to a purchase money security interest, Capitalized Lease Obligation or similar arrangement in each case permitted to be incurred under this Agreement, to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than a Loan Party or their Wholly Owned Subsidiaries), in each case, except to the extent such prohibition is unenforceable after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction and other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction notwithstanding such prohibition, (h) intent-to-use trademark applications prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use filing, (i) any Receivables Assets sold pursuant to a Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing that is permitted hereunder, (j) Equity Interests in excess of 65 of each class of voting Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary or any FSHCO, (k) any assets of any Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO (including any equity interests of any Subsidiary thereof), (l) trust accounts, payroll accounts and escrow accounts, (m) cash to secure letter of credit reimbursement obligations to the extent such letters of credit are permitted by this Agreement and (n) Margin Stock. Other assets shall be deemed to be Excluded Property if the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower agree in writing that the cost of obtaining or perfecting a security interest in such assets is excessive in relation to the benefit of the Lenders of the security afforded thereby. Notwithstanding anything herein or the Collateral Documents to the contrary, Excluded Property shall not include any Proceeds (as defined in the UCC), substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Property (unless such Proceeds, substitutions or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Property referred to above). 
 Excluded Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower that is (a) an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (b) not wholly owned by the Borrower or one or more Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower, (c) an Immaterial Subsidiary that is designated in writing to the Administrative Agent as such by the Borrower, (d) a FSHCO or Foreign Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary of such FSHCO or Foreign Subsidiary), (e) established or created pursuant to clause (14)(g) of the second paragraph of Section 7.05 and meeting the requirements of the proviso thereto; provided that such Subsidiary shall only be an Excluded Subsidiary for the period immediately prior to such acquisition, (f) [reserved]; (g) a Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable Law from guaranteeing the Facilities, or which 
 35 

would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a guarantee unless, such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, (h) a Subsidiary that is prohibited from guaranteeing the Facilities by any Contractual Obligation in existence on the Closing Date (but not entered into in contemplation thereof) and is listed on Schedule 1.01(e) hereto and for so long as any such Contractual Obligation exists (or, in the case of any newly-acquired Subsidiary, in existence at the time of acquisition thereof but not entered into in contemplation thereof and for so long as any such Contractual Obligation exists), (i) a Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee by it of the Facilities would result in material adverse tax consequences to any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative and notified to the Administrative Agent, (j) any affiliated professional entities, (k) not-for-profit subsidiaries, (l) Subsidiaries that are special purpose entities, and (m) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower, the cost or other consequences of guaranteeing the Facilities would be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom; provided that (i) if a Subsidiary executes the Guaranty as a Guarantor, then it shall not constitute an Excluded Subsidiary (unless released from its obligations under the Guaranty as a Guarantor in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof), and (ii) no Subsidiary of the Borrower shall be an Excluded Subsidiary if such Subsidiary is a guarantor with respect to any Refinancing Notes or any Incremental Equivalent Debt, in each case, with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of 7,500,000. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation, or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (i) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure to constitute an eligible contract participant, as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder (determined after giving effect to any applicable keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor), at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (ii) in the case of a Swap Obligation that is subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act, because such Guarantor is a financial entity, as defined in section 2(h)(7)(C) the Commodity Exchange Act, at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor as specified in any agreement between the relevant Loan Parties and Approved Counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligation. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by such Recipient s net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which such Lender becomes a party hereto (other than pursuant to a request by any Loan Party under Section 3.08) or changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01, additional amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changes its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(g) and (d) any Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 36 

Executive Order means Executive Order No. 13224 of September 23, 2001, entitled Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)). 
 Existing Credit Agreement means the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2016, by and among Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent, collateral agent, issuing lender and swingline lender, those financial institutions from time to time party thereto, LD Lower Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and LD Intermediate Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as borrowers, LD Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as holdings, and certain subsidiaries thereof (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof). 
 Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt means customary bridge loans which by their terms will be automatically converted into loans or other Indebtedness that have, or automatically extended such that they have, a maturity date later than the Latest Maturity Date of all Term Loan Tranches then in effect. 
 Extended SEC Reporting Deadline has the meaning specified in Section 6.01 . 
 Facility means the Term Facilities or the Revolving Credit Facility, as the context may require. 
 Factoring Transaction means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to which such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary may sell, convey, assign or otherwise transfer Receivables Assets (which may include a backup or precautionary grant of security interest in such Receivables Assets so sold, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred or purported to be so sold, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred) to any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any such Subsidiary party to such transaction or series of transactions meets the qualifications in clauses (1) (3) of the definition of Receivables Subsidiary . 
 Failed Auction has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Fair Market Value means, with respect to any asset or property, the price that could be negotiated in an arm s-length, free market transaction, for cash, between a willing seller and a willing and able buyer, neither of whom is under undue pressure or compulsion to complete the transaction (as determined in good faith by the senior management or the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings or any Parent Holding Company). All determinations of fair market value under a Loan Document shall be made by the Borrower in good faith and if such determination is consistent with a valuation or opinion of an Independent Financial Advisor, such determination shall be conclusive for all purposes under the Loan Documents or related to the Obligations. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day 
 37 

as so published on the next succeeding Business Day and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average of the quotations (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1 for the day of such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent. The Federal Funds Rate shall be deemed equal to 0 if such rate, as otherwise determined above, would be less than 0 . 
 Fee Letters means (i) the Blackstone Credit Fee Letter, (ii) that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Borrower and Ally and (iii) the Agent Fee Letter. 
 Financial Covenant has the meaning specified in Section 7.08. 
 First Lien Net Leverage Ratio means, on any date of determination, with respect to Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the ratio of (a) Funded First Lien Indebtedness (less the amount of Adjusted Cash and unrestricted Cash Equivalents of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date) of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the four fiscal quarter period most recently then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit K-1 (or with such changes thereto that are reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative) among the Loan Parties, the Collateral Agent and one or more collateral agents or representatives for the holders of Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 7.01 to be, and intended to be, secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.02 on the Collateral on a pari passu basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations. 
 First Out Lender Representative has the meaning specified in the Agreement Among Lenders. 
 First Out Loan Obligations has the meaning specified in the Agreement Among Lenders. 
 Floor means 1.00 per annum. 
 Foreign Benefit Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any applicable Law, or in excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (b) the failure to make the required contributions or payments, under any applicable Law, on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice by a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries under applicable Law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein or (e) the occurrence of any transaction that is prohibited under any applicable Law and that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or the imposition on Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries of, any fine, excise tax or penalty resulting from any noncompliance with any applicable Law. 
 Foreign Casualty Event shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b)(viii). 
 38 

Foreign Disposition shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b)(viii). 
 Foreign Lender means a lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Plan means any pension plan, benefit plan, fund (including any superannuation fund) or other similar program established, maintained or contributed to by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries primarily for the benefit of employees employed and residing outside the United States (other than plans, funds or other similar programs that are maintained exclusively by a Governmental Authority), and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding L/C Obligations (other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Non-Defaulting Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof). 
 FSHCO means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Guarantor, in each case, which Subsidiary that owns no material assets other than Capital Stock (or, if applicable, Capital Stock and indebtedness) of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries or another FSHCO. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Funded First Lien Indebtedness means Consolidated Funded Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on any asset or property of Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (i) is not expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations or (ii) is not secured by Liens on the Collateral that are expressly junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), on written terms reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, including those set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession (but excluding the policies, rules and regulations of the SEC applicable only to Public Companies). All ratios and computations based on GAAP contained in this Agreement shall be computed in conformity with GAAP. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, including any applicable supranational bodies (such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Granting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(g). 
 39 

Guarantee means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course of business, or customary or reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date, or entered into in connection with any acquisition or Disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guarantors means, collectively, Holdings and, as of the Closing Date, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower listed on Schedule 1 and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that executes and delivers a Guaranty or guaranty supplement pursuant to the Guaranty, Section 6.12 or 6.16, unless it has ceased to be a Guarantor pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Guaranty means, collectively, the Holdings Guaranty and the Subsidiary Guaranty. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, toxic mold, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other toxic substances, materials or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Holdco Notes means those certain 8.00 convertible debentures due December 19, 2024 issued by Parent to the Holders (as defined therein) pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2019, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest paid in kind on such Holdco Notes, as such Holdco Notes and such Securities Purchase Agreement may be replaced, refinanced, renewed, modified, amended or extended from time to time. 
 Holdings means, collectively each of Holdings Topco, WVLD Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and LD Intermediate Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Holdings Topco has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Holdings Guaranty means the Holdings Guaranty made by Holdings in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit E 1 . 
 40 

Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(d)(i). 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that, as of the date of the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) , (x) does not have (a) assets (when combined with the assets of all other Immaterial Subsidiaries, after eliminating intercompany obligations) in excess of 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets or (b) revenues (when combined with the revenues of all other Immaterial Subsidiaries, after eliminating intercompany obligations) for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on such date in excess of 5.0 of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period or (y) whose contribution to Consolidated EBITDA (when combined with the contribution to Consolidated EBITDA of all other Immaterial Subsidiaries, after eliminating intercompany obligations) for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on such date does not exceed 5.0 of the Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period; provided that, at all times prior to the first delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) , this definition shall be applied based on the pro forma consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the date hereof. 
 Increase Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(c). 
 Incremental Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Incremental Arranger has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). 
 Incur means, with respect to any Indebtedness, Capital Stock or Lien, to issue, assume, guarantee, incur or otherwise become liable for such Indebtedness, Capital Stock or Lien, as applicable; provided that any Indebtedness, Capital Stock or Lien of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (whether by merger, amalgamation, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) shall be deemed to be Incurred by such Person at the time it becomes a Subsidiary. 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication: 
 (a)	the principal of any indebtedness of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) in respect of borrowed money, (ii) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit or bankers acceptances (or, without duplication, reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), (iii) representing the deferred and unpaid purchase price of any property, (iv) in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations or (v) representing any Swap Contracts, in each case, if and to the extent that any of the foregoing Indebtedness (other than letters of credit and Swap Contracts) would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 
 (b)	to the extent not otherwise included, any guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another Person (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business); 
 (c)	to the extent not otherwise included, Indebtedness of another Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned by such Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person); provided , however , that the amount of such Indebtedness will be the lesser of: (x) the Fair Market Value of such asset at such date of determination, and (y) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Person; 
 41 

(d)	all obligations of such Person with respect to the redemption, repayment or other repurchase (excluding accrued dividends to the extent not increasing liquidation preference) in respect of Disqualified Stock; and 
 (e)	with respect to any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person, the liquidation preference of any shares of Preferred Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary. 
 The term Indebtedness shall not include any lease, concession or license of property (or guarantee thereof) that would be considered an operating lease under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date, any prepayments of deposits received from clients or customers in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices, or obligations under any license, permit or other approval (or guarantees given in respect of such obligations) Incurred prior to the Closing Date or in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices. 
 Notwithstanding the above provisions, in no event shall the following constitute Indebtedness: 
 (i)	Contingent Obligations Incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices; 
 (ii)	[reserved]; 
 (iii)	any balance that constitutes a trade payable, accrued expense or similar obligation to a trade creditor, in each case Incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (iv)	intercompany liabilities that would be eliminated on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
 (v)	prepaid or deferred revenue arising in the ordinary course of business; 
 (vi)	Cash Management Services; 
 (vii)	in connection with the purchase by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any business, any post-closing payment adjustments to which the seller may become entitled to the extent such payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business after the closing; provided , however , that, at the time of closing, the amount of any such payment is not determinable and, to the extent such payment thereafter becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid in a timely manner; 
 (viii)	obligations, to the extent such obligations would otherwise constitute Indebtedness, under any agreement that have been defeased or satisfied and discharged pursuant to the terms of such agreement; 
 (ix)	for the avoidance of doubt, any obligations in respect of workers compensation claims, early retirement or termination obligations, deferred compensatory or employee or director equity plans, pension fund obligations or contributions or similar claims, obligations or contributions or social security or wage taxes; 
 (x)	Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock); 
 (xi)	[reserved]; and 
 42 

(xii) indebtedness that constitutes Indebtedness merely by virtue of a pledge of an Investment (without any accompanying guaranty) in an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), all Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. 
 Independent Financial Advisor means an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm or consultant, in each case of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith determination of Holdings Topco, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged. 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.08. 
 Initial Term Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Initial Term Loans of the same Type and, in the case of SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i), in each case, on the Closing Date. 
 Initial Term Commitment means, as to each Term Lender, its obligation to make Initial Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Initial Term Commitment as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The initial aggregate amount of the Initial Term Commitments is 300,000,000. 
 Initial Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a)(i). 
 Initial Term Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Term Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto, evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Term Lender resulting from the Initial Term Loans under the same Term Loan Tranche made or held by such Term Lender. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement means, collectively, the intellectual property security agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Security Agreement, dated the date of this Agreement, together with each other intellectual property security agreement or Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.12, Section 6.14 or Section 6.16. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement means, collectively, any intellectual property security agreement supplement entered into in connection with, and pursuant to the terms of, any Intellectual Property Security Agreement. 
 Intercompany Subordination Agreement means an intercompany subordination agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit H hereto, or otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative (and the Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to enter into any intercompany subordination agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative). 
 43 

Intercreditor Agreement means (i) with respect to Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 7.01 to be, and intended to be, secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.02 on the Collateral on a pari passu basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) with respect to any Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 7.01 to be, and intended to be, secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.02 on the Collateral on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Obligations, the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or (iii) such other customary intercreditor or subordination arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent (and the Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to enter into any intercreditor or subordination arrangement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative). 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made. 
 Interest Period means, as to each SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a SOFR Loan and ending on the date one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter, or to the extent consented to by all Appropriate Lenders, twelve months thereafter (or such shorter interest period as may be agreed to by all Lenders of the applicable Tranche) as the Borrower may elect, as selected by the Borrower in a Committed Loan Notice; provided that: 
 (a)	any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
 (b)	any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
 (c)	no Interest Period shall extend beyond the scheduled Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; 
 provided , further , that (i) the Interest Period for any Borrowing to be made on the Closing Date (which Interest Period shall commence on the Closing Date) may end on March 31, 2021 (and Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period shall be determined for a SOFR Loan with an interest period of three (3) months determined as of the Closing Date notwithstanding that such Interest Period is less than three (3) months in duration) and (ii) the Interest Period for any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans to be made following the Closing Date (which Interest Period shall commence on the Delayed Draw Closing Date applicable thereto) may end on the last day of the Interest Period then applicable to the Initial Term Loans (and Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period applicable to such Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be determined for a SOFR Loan with an interest period equal to the Interest Period then applicable to the Initial Term Loans notwithstanding that the Interest Period applicable to such Delayed Draw Term Loans may be greater or less than that number of months in duration). 
 Investment means, with respect to any Person, (i) all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of (a) loans (including guarantees of Indebtedness), (b) advances or capital contributions (excluding accounts receivable, trade credit and advances or other payments made to customers, dealers, suppliers and distributors and payroll, commission, travel and similar advances to officers, directors, managers, employees consultants and independent contractors made in the ordinary 
 44 

course of business), and (c) purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or other securities issued by any other Person and (ii) investments that are required by GAAP to be classified on the balance sheet of the Borrower in the same manner as the other investments included in clause (i) of this definition to the extent such transactions involve the transfer of cash, Cash Equivalents or other property; provided that Investments shall not include, in the case of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, intercompany loans, advances, or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business (unless made in respect of an Affiliate that is a Non-Loan Party). If the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary sells or otherwise disposes of any Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary, or any Restricted Subsidiary issues any Equity Interests, in either case, such that, after giving effect to any such sale or disposition, such Person is no longer a Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Borrower shall be deemed to have made an Investment on the date of any such sale, division or other disposition equal to the Fair Market Value of the Equity Interests of and all other Investments in such Restricted Subsidiary retained. In no event shall a guarantee of an operating lease of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary be deemed an Investment. For purposes of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary and Section 7.05: 
 (1)	 Investments shall include the portion (proportionate to the Borrower s equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of a Subsidiary of the Borrower at the time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided , however , that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be deemed to continue to have a permanent Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to: 
 (a)	the Borrower s Investment in such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; less 
 (b)	the portion (proportionate to the Borrower s equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; and 
 (2)	any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its Fair Market Value at the time of such transfer. 
 The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time (including for purposes of calculating the amount of any Investment outstanding at any time under any provision of Section 7.05 and otherwise determining compliance with Section 7.05) shall be the original cost of such Investment (determined, in the case of any Investment made with assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, based on the Fair Market Value of the assets invested and without taking into account subsequent increases or decreases in value), reduced by any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount received in cash by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Investment and shall be net of any Investment by such Person in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P, or an equivalent rating by any other nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3 under the Exchange Act selected by the Borrower as a replacement agency for Moody s or S P, as the case may be. 
 Investment Grade Securities means: 
 (1)	securities issued or directly and guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents), 
 (2)	securities that have an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, 
 45 

(3)	investments in any fund that invests at least 95.0 of its assets in investments of the type described in clauses (1) and (2) above and clause (4) below which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment and/or distribution, and 
 (4)	corresponding instruments in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high quality investments and in each case with maturities not exceeding two years from the date of acquisition. 
 IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.16. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance (or arrangement) and to which such Letter of Credit is subject). 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or, if applicable, a Restricted Subsidiary) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 joint venture means any joint venture or similar arrangement (in each case, regardless of legal formation), including but not limited to collaboration arrangements, profit sharing arrangements or other contractual arrangements. 
 Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.23. 
 Junior Financing has the meaning specified in Section 7.05. 
 Junior Financing Document means any documentation governing any Junior Financing. 
 Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit K-2 (or with such changes thereto that are reasonably satisfactory to the Ally Representative, the Blackstone Credit Representative and Administrative Agent) among the Loan Parties from time to time party thereto, the Collateral Agent and one or more collateral agents or representatives for the holders of Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 7.01 to be, and intended to be, secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.02 on the Collateral on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Obligations (and the Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Collateral Agent to enter into any junior lien intercreditor agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Ally Representative and the Blackstone Credit Representative). 
 JV Distribution means, at any time, 50 of the aggregate amount of all cash dividends or distributions received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as a return on an Investment in a Permitted Joint Venture during the period from the Closing Date through the end of the fiscal quarter most recently ended immediately prior to such date for which financial statements are internally available; provided that the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are not required to reinvest such dividends or distributions in the Permitted Joint Venture. 
 Latest Maturity Date means, at any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Term Loan Tranche or Revolving Tranche at such time under this Agreement, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. 
 46 

Laws means, collectively, all applicable international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority. 
 L/C Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its applicable Pro Rata Share. 
 L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed by the Borrower on the date required under Section 2.03(d)(i) or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing. 
 L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof (including by arrangement for the issuance thereof) or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof. 
 L/C Issuer means (a) Ally, directly or through its Affiliates or through any other financial institution acceptable to Ally in its capacity as an issuer (or arranger) of Letters of Credit hereunder and (b) any other Lender reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Blackstone Credit Representative (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) that agrees to issue Letters of Credit pursuant hereto, in each case in its capacity as an issuer (or arranger) of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer (or arranger) of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but (a) any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn, or (b) any drawing was made thereunder on or before the last day permitted thereunder and such drawing has not been honored or refused by the applicable L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount of such drawing. 
 Last Out Lender Representative has the meaning specified in the Agreement Among Lenders. 
 Legal Reservations means: 
 (a)	the principle that equitable remedies may be granted or refused at the discretion of a court, the limitation of enforcement by laws relating to insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, judicial management, reorganization, court schemes, moratoria, administration and other laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and similar principles or limitations under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction; 
 (b)	the time barring of claims under applicable limitation laws, the possibility that an undertaking to assume liability for or indemnify a person against non-payment of stamp duty may be void and defenses of set-off or counterclaim and similar principles or limitations under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction; 
 (c)	any general principles, reservations or qualifications, in each case as to matters of law as set out in any legal opinion delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with any provision of any Loan Document; 
 47 

(d)	the principle that any additional interest imposed under any relevant agreement may be held to be unenforceable on the grounds that it is a penalty and thus void; 
 (e)	the principle that in certain circumstances security granted by way of fixed charge may be characterized as a floating charge or that security purported to be constituted by way of an assignment may be recharacterized as a charge; 
 (f)	the principle that a court may not give effect to an indemnity for legal costs incurred by an unsuccessful litigant; 
 (g)	the principle that the creation or purported creation of security over any contract or agreement which is subject to a prohibition against transfer, assignment or charging may be void, ineffective or invalid and may give rise to a breach entitling the contracting party to terminate or take any other action in relation to such contract or agreement; 
 (h)	provisions of a contract being invalid or unenforceable for reasons of oppression or undue influence; and 
 (i)	similar principles, rights and defenses under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction. 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement and, as the context requires, includes each L/C Issuer. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued (or at an L/C Issuer s sole option, arranged) hereunder. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance (including in connection with an arrangement of the issuance of) or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable L/C Issuer, together with a request for L/C Credit Extension, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto. 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means, subject to Section 2.03(a)(ii)(C), the day that is three Business Days prior to the scheduled Maturity Date then in effect for the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to 10,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, priority or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, any option or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in and any filing of or agreement to give any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent or similar statutes) of any jurisdiction); provided that in no event shall an operating lease or an agreement to sell be deemed to constitute a Lien. 
 Limited Condition Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 1.02. 
 48 

Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Term Loan or a Revolving Credit Loan. 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Notes, (iii) the Guaranty, (iv) the Collateral Documents, (v) the Fee Letters, (vi) the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, (vii) any Intercreditor Agreement required to be entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (viii) any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of this Agreement, and (ix) any Refinancing Amendment. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Majority Lenders of any Tranche shall mean those Non-Defaulting Lenders which would constitute the Required Lenders under, and as defined in, this Agreement if all outstanding Obligations of the other Tranches under this Agreement were repaid in full and all Commitments with respect thereto were terminated. 
 Make-Whole Amount means, with respect to any voluntary prepayment of Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date (including, without limitation, any payment upon acceleration in accordance with Section 8.02 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with Sections 8.01(a), (f), or (g))) and, for the avoidance of doubt, any refinancing of Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans (other than as set forth in Section 2.05(a)(iv)), an amount calculated by the Borrower equal to (i) the prepayment premium set forth in the top row in the table set forth in Section 2.05(a)(iii) (i.e., 3.00 or, if in connection with a premium owing under Section 2.05(a)(iv), 1.00 , plus (ii) the Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans being prepaid. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U of the FRB as from time to time in effect. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse effect on the business, assets, property, liabilities (actual or contingent), financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material adverse effect on the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) a material adverse effect on the rights or remedies of the Agents or the Lenders under the Loan Documents. 
 Material Real Property means any parcel of real property (other than a parcel with a Fair Market Value of less than 5,000,000 and other than a parcel constituting Excluded Property) owned in fee by a Loan Party and located in the United States; provided , however , that one or more parcels owned in fee by a Loan Party and located adjacent to, contiguous with, or in close proximity to, and comprising one property with a common street address, may, in the reasonable discretion of the Blackstone Credit Representative, be deemed to be one parcel for the purposes of this definition. 
 Maturity Date means: (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the earliest of (i) February 8, 2026, (ii) 6 months prior to the maturity date of the Holdco Notes, and (iii) with respect to any Tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility, the date of termination in whole of the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Tranche pursuant to Section 2.06(a) or 8.02; and (b) with respect to the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans, the earliest of (i) February 8, 2026, (ii) 6 months prior to the maturity date of the Holdco Notes, (iii) the date of termination in whole of the Initial Term Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06(a) prior to any Initial Term Borrowing and (iv) the date that the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans are declared due and payable pursuant to Section 8.02; provided that the reference to Maturity Date with respect to (x) Term Loans and Revolving Credit 
 49 

Commitments that are the subject of a loan modification offer pursuant to Section 10.01 and (y) Term Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments that are incurred pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.18 shall, in each case, be the final maturity date as specified in the loan modification documentation, incremental documentation, or specified refinancing documentation, as applicable thereto. 
 Maximum Leverage Requirement means, with respect to any request made in reliance on this definition under Section 2.14 for an increase in any Revolving Tranche or any Term Loan Tranche, for a New Term Facility or for the issuance of Incremental Equivalent Debt, the requirement that, on a Pro Forma Basis, after giving effect to such increase, such new Facility (assuming all commitments thereunder are fully drawn) or such Incremental Equivalent Debt (including, in each case, any acquisition consummated concurrently therewith and all other appropriate pro forma adjustment events), with respect to any such increase, new Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt (i) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is not junior to the Obligations, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the date of the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) does not exceed 5.00 to 1.00 or (ii) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Obligations or is unsecured, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the date of the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) does not exceed 6.00 to 1.00. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.10. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Mortgage means, collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt and mortgages in respect of Mortgaged Properties in the U.S. made by the Loan Parties in favor or for the benefit of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative (and the Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Collateral Agent to enter into any deed of trust, trust deed, deeds to secure debt or mortgage that is reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative), in each case as the same may be amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented, substituted or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Mortgage Policies has the meaning specified in Section 6.14. 
 Mortgaged Properties means the parcels of real property identified on Schedule 5.08(b) and any other Material Real Property with respect to which a Mortgage is required pursuant to Section 6.12. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions. 
 Natural Person means (a) any natural person or (b) a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means: 
 (a)	with respect to the Disposition of any asset by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Disposition of any Receivables Assets in a Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to a Receivables Subsidiary) or any Casualty Event, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received and, with respect to any Casualty Event, any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in 
 50 

respect of such Casualty Event received by or paid to or for the account of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and including any proceeds received as a result of unwinding any related Swap Contract in connection with such related transaction) over (ii) the sum of: 
 (A)	the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the asset subject to such Disposition or Casualty Event and that is required to be repaid in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (other than (x) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents and (y) if such asset constitutes Collateral, any Indebtedness secured by such asset with a Lien ranking pari passu with or junior to the Lien securing the Obligations), together with any applicable premiums, penalties, interest or breakage costs, 
 (B)	the fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (including attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith), 
 (C)	all taxes (including Permitted Tax Distributions) paid or reasonably estimated to be payable in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event and any repatriation costs associated with receipt or distribution by the applicable taxpayer of such proceeds, 
 (D)	any costs associated with unwinding any related Swap Contract in connection with such transaction, 
 (E)	any reserve for adjustment in respect of (x) the sale price of the property that is the subject of such Disposition established in accordance with GAAP and (y) any liabilities associated with such property and retained by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after such Disposition, including post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction, and it being understood that Net Cash Proceeds shall include, without limitation, any cash or Cash Equivalents (i) received upon the Disposition of any non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in any such Disposition and (ii) upon the reversal (without the satisfaction of any applicable liabilities in cash in a corresponding amount) of any reserve described in this clause (E), 
 (F)	in the case of any Disposition or Casualty Event by a Restricted Subsidiary that is a joint venture or other non-Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (F)) attributable to the minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof, and 
 (G)	any amounts used to repay or return any customer deposits required to be repaid or returned as a result of any Disposition or Casualty Event; and 
 (b)	with respect to the issuance of any Equity Interest by Holdings Topco (or Parent Holding Company) or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such issuance and in connection with unwinding any related Swap Contract in connection therewith over (ii) the investment banking fees, underwriting discounts, premiums, commissions, Taxes, other out-of-pocket expenses and other customary expenses and fees related thereto, incurred by Holdings Topco (or Parent Holding Company) or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with 
 51 

such issuance and any costs associated with unwinding any related Swap Contract in connection therewith; and 
 (c)	with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the cash received in connection with such incurrence or issuance and in connection with unwinding any related Swap Contract in connection therewith over (ii) the investment banking fees, underwriting discounts and commissions, premiums, expenses, accrued interest and fees related thereto, Taxes reasonably estimated to be payable and other out- of-pocket expenses and other customary expenses, incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such incurrence or issuance and any costs associated with unwinding any related Swap Contract in connection therewith and, in the case of Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiary, deductions in respect of withholding Taxes that are or would otherwise be payable in cash if such funds were repatriated to the United States. 
 
 Net Working Capital means, with respect to Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, Consolidated Current Assets minus Consolidated Current Liabilities; provided that increases or decreases in Net Working Capital shall be calculated without regard to any changes in Consolidated Current Assets or Consolidated Current Liabilities as a result of (a) any reclassification in accordance with GAAP of assets or liabilities, as applicable, between current and noncurrent, (b) the effects of purchase accounting or (c) the effect of fluctuations in the amount of accrued or contingent obligations, assets or liabilities under Swap Contracts. 
 New Loan Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 New Term Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 New Term Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 New Term Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 3.08(c). 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means any Lender other than a Defaulting Lender. 
 Non-Loan Party means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party. 
 Note means an Initial Term Note, a Delayed Draw Term Note or a Revolving Credit Note, as the context may require. 
 NPL means the National Priorities List under CERCLA. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, Letter of Credit, Secured Cash Management Agreement or Secured Hedge Agreement, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees and other amounts that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees and other amounts are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided that (a) obligations of any Loan Party under any Secured Cash Management Agreement or Secured Hedge Agreement shall be secured and guaranteed pursuant to the Collateral Documents only to the extent that, and for so long as, the other Obligations are so secured and 
 52 

guaranteed, (b) any release of Collateral or Guarantors effected in the manner permitted by this Agreement shall not require the consent of holders of obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements or Secured Cash Management Agreements and (c) the Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not include Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of any Loan Party to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing pursuant to Section 10.04. 
 OID means original issue discount. 
 Organization Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture, trust or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Affiliate means the Sponsor and any Affiliate of the Sponsor, other than Holdings, any Subsidiary of Holdings and any natural person. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are both (i) imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.08) and (ii) Other Connection Taxes. 
 Outstanding Amount means: (a) with respect to the Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of the Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L/C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) and Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Letters of Credit (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L/C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect on such date. 
 53 

Parent means KLDiscovery Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Parent Holding Company means Parent and any direct or indirect parent entity of Holdings Topco which holds directly or indirectly 100 of the Equity Interest of Holdings Topco and which does not hold Capital Stock in any other Person (except for any other Parent Holding Company). 
 Pari Passu Indebtedness means: 
 (a)	with respect to the Borrower, any Indebtedness that ranks pari passu in right of payment to the Loans; and 
 (b)	with respect to any Guarantor, its guarantee of the Obligations and any Indebtedness that ranks pari passu in right of payment to such Guarantor s guarantee of the Obligations. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d). 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(m). 
 Participating Member State means each state as described in any EMU Legislation. 
 PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.22. 
 Payment Block means any of the circumstances described in Section 2.05(b)(viii) and (ix). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Plans and set forth in Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
 Perfection Exceptions means that no Loan Party shall be required to (i) enter into control agreements with respect to, or otherwise perfect any security interest by control (or similar arrangements) over (w) trust, payroll, escrow or other similar accounts, (x) subject to Section 6.16, securities accounts, deposit accounts, other bank accounts or commodities accounts to the extent the average daily balance of funds on deposit therein for each fiscal month does not exceed 1,000,000, (y) cash and Cash Equivalents and (z) accounts related to the clearing, payment processing and similar operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii) perfect the security interest in the following other than by the filing of a UCC financing statement: (1) letter-of-credit rights (as defined in the UCC), (2) Fixtures (as defined in the UCC), except to the extent that the same are Equipment (as defined in the UCC) or are related to real property covered or intended by the Loan Documents to be covered by a Mortgage, (3) Assigned Agreements (as defined in the Security Agreement) and (4) commercial tort claims (as defined in the UCC), (iii) send notices to account debtors or other contractual third-parties unless an Event of Default has not been cured or waived and is continuing and the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights pursuant to Section 8.02 of this Agreement, (iv) enter into any security documents to be governed by the law of any jurisdiction in which assets are located other than the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, or (v) deliver landlord waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters. 
 54 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning ascribed thereto in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Permits means, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, consent, authorization, license, provisional license, registration, accreditation, certificate, certification, certificate of need, qualification, operating authority, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other Contractual Obligations with, any Governmental Authority applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Permitted Asset Swap means the purchase and sale or exchange of Related Business Assets or a combination of Related Business Assets and cash or Cash Equivalents between the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person; provided that such purchase and sale or exchange must occur within 90 days of each other and any cash or Cash Equivalents received must be applied in accordance with Section 7.04. 
 Permitted Debt has the meaning specified in Section 7.01. 
 Permitted Holders means each of (a) the Sponsor, (b) managers and members of management of the Parent, (c) Revolution and (d) any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of which any of the Persons described in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above are members; provided that, without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, any of the Persons described in clauses (a), (b) and (c), collectively, beneficially own Voting Stock representing 35 or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of Holdings (or any Permitted Parent (other than clause (c) of the definition thereof)) then held by such group. 
 Permitted Investments means: 
 (1)	any Investment in cash and Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities and Investments that were Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities when made; 
 (2)	any Investment in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (3)	any Investments by Subsidiaries that are not Restricted Subsidiaries in other Subsidiaries that are not Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (4)	any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in a Person that is primarily engaged in a Similar Business if as a result of such Investment (a) such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or (b) such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (and any Investment held by such Person that was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of so becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or in contemplation of such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer, conveyance or liquidation); 
 (5)	any Investment in securities or other assets received in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to Section 7.04 or any other Disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale; 
 (6)	any Investment (x) existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.05 , (y) made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.05 or (z) that replaces, refinances, refunds, renews, modifies, amends or extends any Investment described under either of the immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y); provided that any such Investment is in an amount that does not exceed the amount replaced, refinanced, refunded, renewed, modified, amended or extended, except as 
 55 

contemplated pursuant to the terms of such Investment in existence on the Closing Date or as otherwise permitted under this definition or otherwise under Section 7.05; 
 (7)	loans and advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, employees, directors, officers, managers, consultants or independent contractors in an aggregate amount, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (7) that are at the time outstanding, not in excess of 10,000,000 outstanding at any one time in the aggregate; 
 (8)	loans and advances to officers, directors, employees, managers, consultants and independent contractors for business related travel and entertainment expenses, moving and relocation expenses and other similar expenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
 (9)	any Investment (x) acquired by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary of such other Investment or accounts receivable, or (b) as a result of a foreclosure or other remedial action by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any Investment in default and (y) received in compromise or resolution of (A) obligations of trade creditors or customers that were incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, including pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any trade creditor or customer, or (B) litigation, arbitration or other disputes; 
 (10)	Swap Contracts and Cash Management Services permitted under Section 7.01(j), including any payments in connection with the termination thereof; 
 (11)	any Investment by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Similar Business (other than an Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary) in an aggregate amount, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (11) that are at the time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) 30,000,000 and (y) 4.50 of Consolidated Total Assets; provided , however , that if any Investment pursuant to this clause 11 is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (2) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause 11 for so long as such Person continues to be a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (12)	additional Investments by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (12) that are at the time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) 30,000,000 and (y) 4.50 of Consolidated Total Assets; provided , however , that if any Investment pursuant to this clause 12 is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (2) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause 12 for so long as such Person continues to be a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (13)	any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted and made in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.18(b) (except transactions described in clause (2), (3), (4), (8), (9), (13) or (14) of such Section 6.18(b)); 
 (14)	Investments the payment for which consists of Equity Interests (other than Excluded Equity) of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, as applicable; provided , however , 
 56 

that such Equity Interests will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 7.05; 
 (15)	Investments consisting of the leasing, licensing, sublicensing or contribution of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons; 
 (16)	Investments consisting of purchases or acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials and equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses, sublicenses or leases or subleases of intellectual property, or other rights or assets, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
 (17)	Investments consisting of (v) Liens permitted under Section 7.02, (w) Indebtedness (including guarantees) permitted under Section 7.01, (x) mergers, amalgamations, consolidations and transfers of all or substantially all assets permitted under Section 7.03, (y) Asset Sales permitted under Section 7.04, or (z) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.05; 
 (18)	Investments of a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of an entity merged into or amalgamated or consolidated with a Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction that is not prohibited by Section 7.03 after the Closing Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 
 (19)	loans and advances to the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) in lieu of, and not in excess of the amount of (after giving effect to any other loans, advances and Restricted Payments in respect thereof) Restricted Payments to the extent permitted to be made to the Borrower (or such direct or indirect parent) in accordance with the second paragraph of Section 7.05; 
 (20)	guarantees of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 7.01 and obligations relating to such Indebtedness and guarantees (other than guarantees of Indebtedness) in the ordinary course of business; 
 (21)	advances, loans or extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (22)	Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets used in the ordinary course of business or services in the ordinary course of business; 
 (23)	Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Uniform Commercial Code Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers; 
 (24)	any Investment in a Receivables Subsidiary in the form of a contribution of Receivables Assets or in connection with Standard Securitization Undertakings or any Investment by a Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing, including Investments of funds held in accounts permitted or required by the arrangements governing such Qualified Receivables Financing; 
 (25)	Investments in joint ventures of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (25) that are at the time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) 15,000,000 and (y) 2.25 of Consolidated Total Assets; provided that the Investments permitted pursuant to this clause may be increased by the amount of JV Distributions, without duplication of dividends or distributions increasing amounts available pursuant to clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 7.05; 
 57 

(26)	any transaction constituting a Specified Change of Control; 
 (27)	accounts receivable, security deposits and prepayments and other credits granted or made in the ordinary course of business and any Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors and others, including in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with or judgments against, such account debtors and others, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
 (28)	Investments acquired as a result of a foreclosure by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to any secured Investments or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; 
 (29)	Investments resulting from pledges and deposits that are Permitted Liens; 
 (30)	acquisitions of obligations of one or more officers or other employees of any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in connection with such officer s or employee s acquisition of Equity Interests of any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, so long as no cash is actually advanced by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to such officers or employees in connection with the acquisition of any such obligations; 
 (31)	guarantees of operating leases (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Capitalized Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case, entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 
 (32)	Investments consisting of the redemption, purchase, repurchase or retirement of any Equity Interests permitted by Section 7.05; 
 (33)	non-cash Investments made in connection with tax planning and reorganization activities; 
 (34)	Investments made pursuant to obligations entered into when the Investment would have been permitted hereunder so long as such Investment when made reduces the amount available under the clause under which the Investment would have been permitted; 
 (35)	Investments made in the ordinary course of business in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and loans or advances made to, and guarantees with respect to obligations of, distributors, suppliers, licensors and licensees in the ordinary course of business; 
 (36)	[reserved]; and 
 (37)	intercompany current liabilities owed to Unrestricted Subsidiaries or joint ventures Incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the cash management operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 Notwithstanding anything in the definition of Permitted Investment or otherwise to the contrary, if (i) an Investment is to be made in or in respect of any Non-Loan Party and (ii) such Investment, when taken together with each other Investment made in or in respect of such Non-Loan Party and each other Non-Loan Party, exceeds in the aggregate at any time the greater of (x) 15,000,000 and (y) 2.25 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower Parties for the four fiscal quarter period most recently then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, then such Investment may not be made and shall not be permitted under this Agreement. For purposes of each reference to Investment under the immediately preceding sentence, 
 58 

each and every Investment made as a Restricted Investment in accordance with Section 7.05 shall be excluded. 
 Permitted Joint Venture means, with respect to any specified Person, a joint venture in any other Person engaged in a Similar Business in respect of which the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary beneficially owns at least 35 of the shares of Equity Interests of such Person. 
 Permitted Liens means, with respect to any Person: 
 (1)	Liens Incurred in connection with workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person or to secure surety, stay, customs or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party, or as security for contested taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in each case Incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (2)	Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, landlords , materialmen s, repairman s, construction contractors , mechanics or other like Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue by more than 30 days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against such Person with respect to which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings for review (or which, if due and payable, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves are being maintained, to the extent required by GAAP) or with respect to which the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as determined in good faith by management of the Borrower or indirect parent of the Borrower; 
 (3)	Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies (i) which are not yet delinquent, (ii) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves are being maintained to the extent required by GAAP, or for property taxes on property such Person or one of its Subsidiaries has determined to abandon if the sole recourse for such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim is to such property or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (4)	Liens in favor of the issuers of performance and surety bonds, bid, indemnity, warranty, release, appeal or similar bonds or with respect to regulatory requirements or letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued and completion of guarantees provided for, in each case, pursuant to the request of and for the account of such Person in the ordinary course of its business; 
 (5)	survey exceptions, encumbrances, ground leases, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights-of-way, servitudes, sewers, electric lines, drains, telegraph and telephone and cable television lines, gas and oil pipelines and other similar purposes, reservations of rights, or zoning, building codes or other restrictions (including, without limitation, minor defects or irregularities in title and similar encumbrances) as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership of its properties which do not in the aggregate materially adversely interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of such Person; 
 (6)	Liens Incurred to secure obligations in respect of Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (d) and obligations secured ratably thereunder; provided that, in the case of clause (d), such Lien extends only to the assets and/or Capital Stock the acquisition, lease, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of which is financed thereby and any replacements, additions and accessions 
 59 

thereto and any income or profits thereof; provided that individual financings provided by a lender may be cross collateralized to other financings provided by such lender or its affiliates; 
 (7)	Liens of the Borrower or any of the Guarantors existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.02 and any modifications, replacements, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or (B) proceeds and products thereof; provided that individual financings provided by a lender may be cross collateralized to other financings provided by such lender or its affiliates and (ii) the modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens (if such obligations constitute Permitted Debt); 
 (8)	Liens on assets of, or Equity Interests (other than Equity Interests in any Subsidiary that is required to become a Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement) in, a Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided , however , that such Liens are not created or Incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a Subsidiary; provided , further , that such Liens are limited to all or a portion of the assets (and improvements on such assets) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which the Liens arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate; provided , further , that for purposes of this clause (8), if a Person becomes a Subsidiary, any Subsidiary of such Person shall be deemed to become a Subsidiary of the Borrower, and any property or assets of such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person shall be deemed acquired by the Borrower at the time of such merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 
 (9)	Liens on assets at the time the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary acquired the assets, including any acquisition by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary; provided , however , that such Liens are not created or Incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition; provided , further , that such Liens are limited to all or a portion of the property or assets (and improvements on such property or assets) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which the Liens arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate; provided , further , that for purposes of this clause (9), if, in connection with an acquisition by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, a Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary is the successor company with respect thereto, any Subsidiary of such Person shall be deemed to become a Subsidiary of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, and any property or assets of such Person or any such Subsidiary of such Person shall be deemed acquired by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, at the time of such merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 
 (10)	Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or a Guarantor owing to the Borrower or a Guarantor permitted to be Incurred in accordance with Section 7.01; 
 (11)	Liens securing Swap Contracts Incurred in accordance with Section 7.01; 
 (12)	Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit entered into in the ordinary course of business issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods; 
 (13)	leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, occupancy agreements or assignments of or in respect of real or personal property; 
 60 

(14)	Liens arising from, or from Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings regarding, operating leases or consignments entered into by the Borrower and the Guarantors in the ordinary course of business; 
 (15)	Liens in favor of the Borrower or any Guarantor; 
 (16)	(i) Liens on Receivables Assets that have been sold, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred or purported to be so sold, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Factoring and/or a Qualified Receivables Financing permitted hereunder, and any bank accounts into which only collections in respect of such Receivables Assets are deposited and (ii) Liens on assets of a Receivable Subsidiary securing Indebtedness or other obligations of any such Receivables Subsidiary; 
 (17)	deposits made or other security provided in the ordinary course of business to secure liability to insurance carriers or under self-insurance arrangements in respect of such obligations; 
 (18)	Liens on the Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 
 (19)	grants of intellectual property, software and other technology licenses; 
 (20)	judgment and attachment Liens not giving rise to an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(f), (g) or (h) and notices of lis pendens and associated rights related to litigation being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been made; 
 (21)	Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (22)	Liens Incurred to secure Cash Management Services and other bank products (including those described in Sections 7.01(j) and (w)); 
 (23)	Liens to secure any refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (or successive refinancings, refundings, extensions, renewals or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (7), (8), (9) or (11), or succeeding clauses (24) or (25) of this definition; provided , however , that (x) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which the original Lien arose, could secure) the original Lien (plus any replacements, additions, accessions and improvements on such property), (y) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (A) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed amount of the Indebtedness described under clause (7), (8), (9), (11), (24) or (25) of this definition at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien, and (B) an amount necessary to pay any fees and expenses, including unpaid accrued interest and the aggregate amount of premiums (including tender premiums), and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs and fees and expenses in connection therewith, related to such refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement and (z)(A) any amounts incurred under this clause (23) as refinancing Indebtedness of clause (24) of this definition hereunder shall be secured to the same extent as the Indebtedness being refinanced, including with respect to any subordination provisions, and subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement and (B) any amounts incurred under this clause (23) as refinancing indebtedness of clause (25) of this definition hereunder shall reduce the amount available under such clause (25); 
 (24)	Liens on the Collateral securing any Permitted Ratio Debt permitted to be incurred under Section 7.01(b) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof (or successive Permitted Refinancings thereof), in 
 61 

each case, to the extent required by the documentation in respect of such Permitted Ratio Debt; provided that (x) at the time of incurrence thereof, such obligations are permitted to be secured pursuant to the definitions of Permitted Ratio Debt or Permitted Refinancing, as applicable, and (y) in the case of Liens on Collateral, such Indebtedness is subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement; 
 (25)	other Liens securing obligations the principal amount of which does not exceed the greater of (x) 25,000,000 and (y) 3.75 of Consolidated Total Assets at any one time outstanding (after giving effect to clause (23) above as applicable); 
 (26)	Liens on the Equity Interests or assets of a joint venture to secure Indebtedness of such joint venture Incurred pursuant to Section 7.01(u); 
 (27)	Liens on equipment of the Borrower or any Guarantor granted in the ordinary course of business to the Borrower s or such Guarantor s client at which such equipment is located; 
 (28)	Liens on the Collateral securing any Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred or assumed under Section 7.01(o) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof (or successive Permitted Refinancings thereof), in each case, to the extent required by the documentation in respect of such Indebtedness; provided that (x) at the time of incurrence thereof, such obligations are permitted to be secured pursuant to the terms of Section 7.01(o) or the definition of Permitted Refinancing, as applicable, (y) in the case of Liens on Collateral, such Indebtedness is subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement and (z) in the case of any assumed Indebtedness, (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien does not encumber any property other than property encumbered at the time of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, and the proceeds and products thereof; 
 (29)	Liens on property or assets used to redeem, repay, defease or to satisfy and discharge Indebtedness; provided that such redemption, repayment, defeasance or satisfaction and discharge is not prohibited by this Agreement and that such deposit shall be deemed for purposes of Section 7.05 (to the extent applicable) to be a prepayment of such Indebtedness; 
 (30)	Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation and exportation of goods in the ordinary course of business; 
 (31)	Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code, or any comparable or successor provision, on items in the course of collection; (ii) attaching to pooling, commodity trading accounts or other commodity brokerage accounts Incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) in favor of banking or other financial institutions or entities, or electronic payment service providers, arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking or finance industry; 
 (32)	Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or other Persons not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness; (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Guarantor to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations Incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and the Guarantors; or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Guarantor in the ordinary course of business; 
 (33)	any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Equity Interests of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement; 
 62 

(34)	Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 
 (35)	Liens on vehicles or equipment of the Borrower or any Guarantor granted in the ordinary course of business; 
 (36)	Liens on assets of Non-Loan Parties securing Indebtedness Incurred in accordance with Section 7.01(t); 
 (37)	Liens disclosed by the title insurance policies delivered on or subsequent to the Closing Date and any replacement, extension or renewal of any such Liens (so long as the Indebtedness and other obligations secured by such replacement, extension or renewal Liens are permitted by this Agreement); provided that such replacement, extension or renewal Liens do not cover any property other than the property that was subject to such Liens prior to such replacement, extension or renewal; 
 (38)	Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision or customary business provision relating to banker s liens, rights of set-off or similar rights; 
 (39)	(a) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or other agreement in respect of any Permitted Investment, (b) Liens on advances of cash or Cash Equivalents in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in a Permitted Investment to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment and (c) Liens on cash collateral in respect of letters of credit entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (40)	the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (41)	Liens on securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Cash Equivalents under clause (4) of the definition thereof; 
 (42)	Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts Incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 
 (43)	rights reserved or vested in any Person by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit held by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or by a statutory provision, to terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit, or to require annual or periodic payments as a condition to the continuance thereof; 
 (44)	restrictive covenants affecting the use to which real property may be put; provided that such covenants are complied with; 
 (45)	security given to a public utility or any municipality or governmental authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the operations of that Person in the ordinary course of business; 
 (46)	zoning by-laws and other land use restrictions, including, without limitation, site plan agreements, development agreements and contract zoning agreements; 
 (47)	Liens on property constituting Collateral securing obligations issued or incurred under any (i) any Refinancing Notes and the Refinancing Notes Indentures related thereto, and (ii) any Incremental 
 63 

Equivalent Debt and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancings thereof (or successive Permitted Refinancings thereof); provided that such Liens are pari passu with the Liens securing the Obligations or are junior to the Liens securing the Obligations (in each case, subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement); and 
 (48)	Liens on cash proceeds of Indebtedness (and on the related escrow accounts) in connection with the issuance of such Indebtedness into (and pending the release from) a customary escrow arrangement, to the extent such Indebtedness is Incurred in compliance with Section 7.01. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this definition, (x) a Lien need not be Incurred solely by reference to one category of Permitted Liens described in this definition but may be Incurred under any combination of such categories (including in part under one such category and in part under any other such category), (y) in the event that a Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of such categories of Permitted Liens, the Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, classify or reclassify such Lien (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this definition, and (z) in the event that a portion of the Indebtedness secured by a Lien could be classified as secured in part pursuant to clause (6) or (24) above and in part pursuant to one or more other categories of Permitted Liens, the Borrower will be entitled to only give pro forma effect to such portion of such Indebtedness (and any obligations in respect thereof) secured pursuant to clause (6) or (24) above when calculating the availability therein in connection with such Incurrence and not the remainder of the Indebtedness that is secured pursuant to one or more of the other clauses of this definition. 
 Permitted Parent means (a) any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower so long as a Permitted Holder pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) of the definition thereof holds 35 or more of the Voting Stock of such direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, (b) [reserved], and (c) any Public Company (or Wholly Owned Subsidiary of such Public Company) to the extent and until such time as any Person or group (other than a Permitted Holder under clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) of the definition thereof) is deemed to be or become a beneficial owner of Voting Stock of such Public Company representing more than 35 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such Public Company. 
 Permitted Ratio Debt means Indebtedness consisting of notes or loans under credit agreements, indentures or other similar agreements or instruments; provided that (1) immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and the application of the proceeds thereof, including any substantially concurrent prepayment or repayment of Indebtedness with all or a portion of the proceeds of such Indebtedness, on a Pro Forma Basis provided that solely for the purpose of calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, pursuant to this definition and any Incurrence of Indebtedness under Section 7.01(o) or request for an increase in any Revolving Tranche or any Term Loan Tranche, for a New Term Facility or for the issuance of Incremental Equivalent Debt in reliance on Section 2.14, any cash proceeds from Indebtedness to be incurred from such Incurrence of Permitted Ratio Debt and such Incurrence of Indebtedness under Section 7.01(o) or such request for an increase in any Revolving Tranche or any Term Loan Tranche, for a New Term Facility or for the issuance of Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be excluded for purposes of cash netting) with respect to any Incurrence of Indebtedness (i) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is not junior to the Obligations, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the date of the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) shall not exceed 5.00 to 1.00 or (ii) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Obligations or is unsecured, the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the date of the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) does not exceed 6.00 to 1.00, (2) such Indebtedness shall not be Guaranteed by any Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor under each of the other Facilities, and shall be unsecured or, if secured, secured either on a pari passu basis with the other Facilities or on a junior basis with the other Facilities, in each case over the same (or less) Collateral that secures the Facilities, (3) if such Indebtedness is secured, such Indebtedness shall be subject to an applicable 
 64 

Intercreditor Agreement, (4) Indebtedness in the form of term loans that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Obligations shall be subject to the provisions contained in Section 2.14(f)(iii) as if such Indebtedness were Incurred as a New Term Facility thereunder and (5) if such Indebtedness is not, or would not be, subordinate in payment with the First Out Loan Obligations or is, or would be, secured by a Lien that is not subordinate to each Lien securing the First Out Loan Obligations, such Indebtedness shall be made subject to the priorities and other terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and each holder of such Indebtedness shall have become a party to the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative). 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, exchange or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended except by an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest and a reasonable premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred (including original issue discount and upfront fees), in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, exchange or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder; (b) other than with respect to Indebtedness under Section 7.01(d) or with respect to the initial maturity date for Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, exchange or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended; (c) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, exchange or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms, taken as a whole, as favorable in all material respects to the Lenders (including, if applicable, as to Collateral) as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended or otherwise acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative; (d) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended is (i) unsecured, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, exchange or extension is unsecured, or (ii) if secured by Liens on the Collateral, such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension is secured to the same extent, including with respect to any subordination provisions, and subject to an Intercreditor Agreement; (e) the terms and conditions (including, if applicable, as to collateral) of any such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended (other than to the extent permitted by any other clause of this definition or with respect to interest rate, optional prepayment premiums and options redemption provisions) Indebtedness are either (i) substantially identical to or less favorable to the investors providing such Permitted Refinancing, taken as a whole, than the terms and conditions of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended or (ii) when taken as a whole (other than interest rate, prepayment premiums and redemption premiums), not more restrictive to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries than those set forth in this Agreement or are customary for similar indebtedness in light of current market conditions provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent in good faith at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement set out in this clause (e), shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such requirement unless the Blackstone Credit Representative provides notice to the Borrower of its objection during such five Business Day period (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it objects)), in each case, except for terms and conditions only applicable to periods after the Latest Maturity Date; (f) such modification, 
 65 

refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, exchange or extension is incurred by the Person who is or would have been permitted to be the obligor or guarantor (or any successor thereto) on the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended (it being understood that the roles of such obligors as a borrower or a guarantor with respect to such obligations may be interchanged); (g) at the time thereof, other than with respect to Indebtedness under Section 7.01(d) and Section 7.01(j), no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (h) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced, exchanged or extended is not, or would not be subordinate in payment priority with the Obligations or is, or would be, secured by a Lien that is not subordinate to each Lien securing the First Out Loan Obligations, such Indebtedness shall be made subject to the priorities and other terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and each holder of such Indebtedness shall have become a party to the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative). 
 Permitted Tax Distributions means (a) for so long as the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are members of a group filing a consolidated, combined, affiliated or unitary income tax return with any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, payments, dividends, or distributions, directly or indirectly, to such direct or indirect parent of the Borrower in amounts required for such parent entity to pay federal, state and local income (and franchise or other similar Taxes imposed lieu of income) Taxes imposed on such entity to the extent such Taxes are directly attributable to the income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided , however , that the amount of such payments in respect of any tax year does not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are members of such consolidated, combined, affiliated or unitary group would have been required to pay in respect of such Taxes (as the case may be) in respect of such year if the Borrower and its Subsidiaries paid such Taxes directly on a separate company basis or as a stand-alone consolidated, combined, affiliated or unitary tax group (reduced by any such Taxes paid directly by the Borrower or any Subsidiary); and provided , further , that any such cash distributions made in respect of any Taxes attributable to the income of any Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower may be made only to the extent that such Unrestricted Subsidiaries have made cash payments for such purpose to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) with respect to any calendar year during which the Borrower is classified as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, payments, dividends, or distributions by a Loan Party, on or prior to each estimated tax payment date as well as each other applicable due date but no more frequently than quarterly, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the product of (i) the total aggregate taxable income of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (or estimates thereof) which is allocable to its members or partners as a result of the operations or activities of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during the relevant period, calculated without regard to any tax deductions or basis adjustments arising under Section 743 of the Code attributable to the assets of the Borrower (provided, however, that such tax deductions or basis adjustments shall be taken into account if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing), multiplied by (ii) the highest combined marginal federal, state and local income tax rates (including Section 1411 taxes) applicable to any member or partner of the Borrower (or, if any of them are themselves a pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, their members or partners) determined by taking into account the character of the income and loss allocable to the members or partners as it affects the applicable tax rate, after taking into account any losses from prior periods allocated to the members or partners by the Borrower, to the extent not taken into account as a reduction in taxable income hereunder in prior periods; provided that, taxable income of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period shall take into account any increases or decreases thereto as a result of any amended tax return or any tax examination, audit or adjustment; provided, further, that if the aggregate amount of Permitted Tax Distributions made for a taxable year exceeds the amount of Permitted Tax Distributions that would have been permitted based on the taxable income of Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, as finally determined following the close of such year (including as a result of any amended tax return or any tax examination, audit or adjustment), 
 66 

then the amount of such excess shall be credited against the next Permitted Tax Distributions permitted to be made with respect to subsequent taxable periods. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority, unincorporated organization or other entity. 
 Personal Data means (a) any and all information or data relating to one or more individuals that is personally identifying (i.e., data that, directly or indirectly, identifies a particular individual or household), including the following if it identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked to a particular customer or household (i) personal identifiers, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and data of birth, (ii) identification numbers issued by a governmental authority, such as a Social Security Number, driver s license number, Tax Identification Number, and passport number, (iii) online identifiers, email addresses, social media handles, Internet or software-based usernames, Internet Protocol addresses, cookie identifiers, and device identifiers, (iv) login credentials, such as usernames and passwords, (v) financial information, such as credit and debit card numbers, account numbers, access codes, security questions and answers and insurance policy numbers, (vi) demographic information, such as information relating to an individual s race, gender, age, ethnicity, religion, philosophy, political affiliation, or sexual orientation, (vii) biometric identifier, such as fingerprint, scan of hand or face geometry, retina or iris scan, and voiceprint, (viii) genetic information, and (ix) individual medical or health information, including protected health information governed by HIPAA and the regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) any and all other information defined as personal data, personal information, or personally identifiable information , the processing of which is regulated by Applicable Data Privacy Laws. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is maintained or is contributed to by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate and is subject to Title IV of ERISA or the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA. 
 Platform means IntraLinks/IntraAgency, Syndtrak or another similar electronic system. 
 Pledged Debt means Pledged Debt as defined in the Security Agreement. 
 Pledged Interests means Pledged Interests as defined in the Security Agreement. 
 Pounds Sterling means freely transferable lawful money of the United Kingdom (expressed in Pounds Sterling). 
 Preferred Stock means any Equity Interest with preferential right of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 
 Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Prepayment Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 
 Primary Disqualified Institution has the meaning specified in the definition of Disqualified Institution. 
 67 

Prime Lending Rate means, for any day, the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the prime rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the FRB in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by FRB (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). The Prime Lending Rate shall be deemed equal to 0 if such rate, as otherwise determined above, would be less than 0 . 
 Proceeding means any investigation, inquiry, litigation, review, hearing, suit, claim, audit, arbitration, proceeding or action (in each case, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or informal) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any Governmental Authority or arbitrator. 
 Pro Forma Basis and Pro Forma Effect means, with respect to the calculation of any test, financial ratio, basket or covenant under this Agreement, including Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Interest Expense, Consolidated EBITDA, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio and the calculation of Consolidated Total Assets, of any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, as of any date, that pro forma effect will be given to the Transactions, any Specified Transaction, any acquisition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, Investment, any issuance, Incurrence, assumption or repayment or redemption of Indebtedness (including Indebtedness issued, Incurred or assumed or repaid or redeemed as a result of, or to finance, any relevant transaction and for which any such test, financial ratio, basket or covenant is being calculated), any issuance or redemption of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock, all sales, transfers and other dispositions or discontinuance of any Subsidiary, line of business, division, segment or operating unit, any operational change (including the entry into any material contract or arrangement or any growth related investment, expenditure or capital expenditure) or any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary to an Unrestricted Subsidiary or of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case that have occurred during the four consecutive fiscal quarter period of such Person being used to calculate such test, financial ratio, basket or covenant (the Reference Period ), or subsequent to the end of the Reference Period but prior to such date or prior to or substantially simultaneously with the event for which a determination under this definition is made (including (i) any such event occurring at a Person who became a Restricted Subsidiary of the subject Person or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the subject Person or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the subject Person after the commencement of the Reference Period and (ii) with respect to any proposed Investment or acquisition of the subject Person for which committed financing is or is sought to be obtained, the event for which a determination under this definition is made may occur after the date upon which the relevant determination or calculation is made), as if each such event occurred on the first day of the Reference Period; provided that (x) pro forma effect will be given to Pro Forma Cost Savings on the first day of the Reference Period and (y) no amount shall be added back pursuant to this definition to the extent duplicative of amounts that are otherwise included in computing Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period. 
 For purposes of making any computation referred to above: 
 (1)	if any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date for which a determination under this definition is made had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Contracts applicable to such Indebtedness if such Swap Contracts has a remaining term in excess of 12 months); 
 (2)	interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a responsible financial or accounting officer, in his or her capacity as such and 
 68 

not in his or her personal capacity, of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP; 
 (3)	interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a secured overnight financing rate, or other rate, shall be deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen as the Borrower may designate; 
 (4)	interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility or a Qualified Receivables Financing computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period; and 
 (5)	to the extent not already covered above, any such calculation may include adjustments calculated in accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. 
 Any pro forma calculation may include, without limitation but without duplication, (1) adjustments calculated in accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and (2) adjustments calculated to give effect to any Pro Forma Cost Savings. 
 Pro Forma Cost Savings means, without duplication of any amounts referenced in the definition of Pro Forma Basis, an amount equal to the amount of adjustments and add backs permitted under clause (b)(vi) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Pro Rata Share means, with respect to each Lender and any Facility or all the Facilities or any Tranche or all the Tranches (as the case may be) at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place, and subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17), the numerator of which is the amount of the Commitments of such Lender under the applicable Facility or the Facilities or Tranche or Tranches (and, (x) in the case of any Term Loan Tranche after the applicable borrowing date and without duplication, the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans under such Tranche, of such Lender, at such time and (y) in the case of any Revolving Tranche, if the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Tranche have terminated or expired, the Revolving Credit Loans held by such Lender under such Tranche) at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments under the applicable Facility or the Facilities or Tranche or Tranches at such time (and, (x) in the case of any Term Loan Tranche and without duplication, the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans under such Tranche, at such time and (y) in the case of any Revolving Tranche, if the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Tranche have terminated or expired, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans under such Tranche as such time)); provided that if the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Share of such Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. The initial Pro Rata Share of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as applicable. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Company means any Person with a class or series of Voting Stock that is traded on a stock exchange or in the over-the-counter market. 
 69 

Qualified Receivables Factoring means any Factoring Transaction that meets the following conditions: 
 (i)	such Factoring Transaction is non-recourse to, and does not obligate, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or their respective properties or assets (other than Receivables Assets subject to such Factoring Transaction) in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, 
 (ii)	all sales, conveyances, assignments and/or contributions of Receivables Assets by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary are made at Fair Market Value in the context of a Factoring Transaction (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), and 
 (iii)	such Factoring Transaction (including financing terms, covenants, termination events (if any) and other provisions thereof) is on market terms at the time such Factoring Transaction is first entered into (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings. 
 The grant of a security interest in any accounts receivable of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Subsidiary) to secure any Credit Agreement shall not be deemed a Qualified Receivables Factoring. 
 Qualified Receivables Financing means any Receivables Financing that meets the following conditions: 
 (i)	all sales, conveyances, assignments and/or contributions of Receivables Assets by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Receivables Subsidiary are made at Fair Market Value in the context of a Receivables Financing (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), and 
 (ii)	the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof shall be on market terms at the time such Receivables Financing is first entered into (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings. 
 The grant of a security interest in any accounts receivable of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Subsidiary) to secure any Credit Agreement shall not be deemed a Qualified Receivables Financing 
 Qualifying Bids has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Ratio-Based Incremental Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Receivables Assets means accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, all collateral of the related underlying obligors securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other payment support obligations (including, without limitation, letters of credit, promissory notes or trade credit insurance) to the extent governing or necessary for the collection of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other related assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with non-recourse, asset securitization or Factoring Transactions involving accounts receivable and any Swap Contracts entered into by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary in connection with such accounts receivable. 
 70 

Receivables Fees means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Receivables Financing or Factoring Transaction. 
 Receivables Financing means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to which such Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary may sell, contribute, convey, assign or otherwise transfer Receivables Assets to (a) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), and (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), which in either case, may include a backup or precautionary grant of security interest in such Receivables Assets so sold, contributed, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred. 
 Receivables Repurchase Obligation means any obligation of a seller of receivables in a Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing to repurchase receivables arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, off-set or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. 
 Receivables Subsidiary means a Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Qualified Receivables Financing with the Borrower and/or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including, a special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity)) in which such Borrower or any Subsidiary of such Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of such Borrower makes an Investment and to which such Borrower or any Subsidiary of such Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of such Borrower sells, conveys, assigns or otherwise transfers Receivables Assets (which may include a backup or precautionary grant of security interest in such Receivables Assets sold, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred or purported to be so sold, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred)) and which engages in no activities other than in connection with the purchase, acquisition or financing of Receivables Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a direct or indirect parent of such Borrower, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings or any Parent Holding Company (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary and: 
 (i)	no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Subsidiary, excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Subsidiary) in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, 
 (ii)	with which neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Subsidiary) has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to such Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of such Borrower, and 
 (iii)	to which neither the Borrower nor any other Subsidiary of the Borrower has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. 
 71 

Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings or any Parent Holding Company shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by delivering to the Administrative Agent a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or such Parent Holding Company giving effect to such designation and an officer s certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, and any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, as applicable. 
 Reference Period has the meaning specified in the definition of Pro Forma Basis. 
 Refinancing has the meaning given specified in the definition of Transactions. 
 Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders providing Specified Refinancing Debt, effecting the incurrence of such Specified Refinancing Debt in accordance with Section 2.18 (and the Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to enter into any such amendment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative and consistent with the terms and other conditions of Section 2.18). 
 Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 7.01. 
 Refinancing Notes means one or more series of senior unsecured notes, or senior secured notes secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Obligations or senior secured notes secured by the Collateral on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Obligations, in each case issued in respect of a refinancing of outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower under any one or more Term Loan Tranches; provided that, (a) if such Refinancing Notes shall be secured, then (i) such Refinancing Notes shall only be secured by a security interest in the Collateral that secured the Term Loan Tranche being refinanced, and (ii) such Refinancing Notes shall be secured to the same extent as the Term Loan Tranche being refinanced, including with respect to any subordination provisions, and shall be issued subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement; (b) other than with respect to the initial maturity date for Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, no Refinancing Notes shall (i) mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to Term Loans then in effect immediately after giving effect to such refinancing or (ii) be subject to any amortization prior to the final maturity thereof, or be subject to any mandatory redemption or prepayment provisions or rights (except (x) customary assets sale, Casualty Events or similar event, change of control provisions, special mandatory redemptions in connection with customary escrow arrangements and customary acceleration rights after an event of default and (y) customary AHYDO payments); (c) the covenants, events of default, guarantees, collateral and other terms of such Refinancing Notes are customary for similar debt securities in light of then-prevailing market conditions at the time of issuance (it being understood that no Refinancing Notes shall include any financial maintenance covenants (including indirectly by way of a cross-default to this Agreement), but that customary cross-acceleration provisions may be included and that any negative covenants with respect to indebtedness, investments, liens or restricted payments shall be incurrence-based) and in any event are not more favorable to the investors providing such Refinancing Notes, taken as a whole, than the terms and conditions of the Indebtedness being refinanced by such Refinancing Notes (excluding pricing (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any most favored nation pricing provisions) and optional prepayment or redemption terms), except for covenants or other provisions (x) applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect immediately after giving effect to such refinancing or (y) as are, in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative, incorporated into this Agreement (or any other applicable Loan Document) for the benefit of all existing Lenders (to the extent applicable to 
 72 

such Lender) (which shall not require the consent of any Lender) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent in good faith at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as determined in the sole discretion of the Blackstone Credit Representative) prior to the incurrence of such Refinancing Notes, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Refinancing Notes or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement set forth in this clause (c), shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such requirement unless the Blackstone Credit Representative provides notice to the Borrower of its objection during such five Business Day period (or shorter) (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it objects)); (d) such Refinancing Notes may not have obligors or Liens that are more extensive than those which applied to the Indebtedness being refinanced (it being understood that the roles of such obligors as a borrower or a guarantor with respect to such obligations may be interchanged); (e) the Net Cash Proceeds of such Refinancing Notes shall be applied, substantially concurrently with the incurrence thereof, to the pro rata prepayment of outstanding Term Loans under the applicable Term Loan Tranche being so refinanced and the payment of fees, expenses and premiums, if any, payable in connection therewith and (f) if any such Refinancing Note is not, or would not be, subordinate in payment priority with the Obligations or is, or would be, secured by a Lien that is not subordinate to each Lien securing the Obligations, such Refinancing Note shall be made subject to the priorities and other terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and each holder of such Refinancing Note shall have become a party to the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative). 
 Refinancing Notes Indentures means, collectively, the indentures or other similar agreements pursuant to which any Refinancing Notes are issued, together with all instruments and other agreements in connection therewith, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, but only to the extent permitted under the terms of the Loan Documents. 
 Refunding Capital Stock has the meaning specified in Section 7.05 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(c). 
 Regulation S-X means Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. 
 Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans repaid pursuant to a voluntary prepayment or upon acceleration in accordance with Section 8.02 prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, 0.50 over the yield to maturity implied by (a) the yields reported, as of 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the second Business Day preceding the repayment date with respect to the outstanding principal amount of such Initial Term Loans, on the display designated as Page 678 on the Telerate Access Service (or such other display as may replace Page 678 on Telerate Access Service) for actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity most nearly equal to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, or (b) if such yields are not reported as of such time or the yields reported as of such time are not ascertainable, the Treasury Constant Maturity Series Yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second Business Day preceding such repayment date, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (or any comparable successor publication) for actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a constant maturity most nearly equal to the first anniversary of the Closing Date. Such implied yield will be determined, if necessary, by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond-equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between (i) the actively traded U.S. Treasury security with the duration closest to and greater than the first anniversary of the Closing Date and (ii) the actively traded U.S. Treasury security with the duration closest to and less than the first anniversary of the Closing Date. The 
 73 

Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans. 
 Related Business Assets means assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Similar Business; provided that any assets received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary will not be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless such Person is, or upon receipt of the securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, members, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact, trustees and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into or through the Environment or within, from or into any building, structure, facility or fixture. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the FRB and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the FRB and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(ii). 
 Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to the principal of the Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans voluntarily prepaid, or outstanding upon acceleration thereof in accordance with Section 8.02, in any such case, prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, all payments of interest thereon that would be due after the date of such repayment up to the first anniversary of the Closing Date with respect to such principal if no repayment of such principal were made prior to its scheduled due date; provided that if the date of such repayment is not a date on which interest payments are due to be made under the terms of this Agreement, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such repayment date. 
 Replaceable Lender has the meaning specified in Section 3.08(a). 
 Replacement Assets means (1) substantially all the assets of a Person primarily engaged in a Similar Business or (2) a majority of the Voting Stock of any Person primarily engaged in a Similar Business that will become, on the date of acquisition thereof, a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Reply Amount has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Reply Discount has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30-day notice period has been waived. 
 Reporting Extension Provision has the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. 
 74 

Required Delayed Draw Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having or holding more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate Delayed Draw Commitments and Delayed Draw Term Loans then outstanding; provided that the unused Delayed Draw Commitments of and the outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans held by (x) any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Delayed Draw Lenders and (y) any Affiliate Lenders (other than Debt Fund Affiliates) shall be deemed to have voted in the same proportion as Lenders that are not Affiliate Lenders vote on such matter. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition), (b) aggregate unused Term Commitments and (c) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that the unused Term Commitments of, unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by (x) any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders and (y) any Affiliate Lenders (other than Debt Fund Affiliates) shall be deemed to have voted in the same proportion as Lenders that are not Affiliate Lenders vote on such matter. 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of (a) Total Revolving Credit Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of, any Governmental Authority, in each case having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property, products, business or operations are subject. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, representative, director, manager, president, vice president, executive vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer, secretary or assistant secretary, an authorized signatory, an attorney-in-fact (to the extent empowered by the Board of Directors of Holdings Topco or the Borrower), or other similar officer of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Investment means an Investment other than a Permitted Investment. 
 Restricted Payment has the meaning specified in Section 7.05. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Holdings Topco that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary, which for the avoidance of doubt shall include the Borrower. 
 Retired Capital Stock has the meaning specified in Section 7.05. 
 75 

Return Bid has the meaning specified in the definition of Dutch Auction. 
 Revolution means Revolution Growth Management LLC. 
 Revolving Commitment Increase Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e). 
 Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing under a single Tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and, in the case of SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Credit Lenders under such Tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to Section 2.01(b). 
 Revolving Credit Commitments means, as to any Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b), and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Revolving Credit Commitment , opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 , or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as applicable, as the same may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments shall be 40,000,000 on the Closing Date, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment at such time (and after the termination of all Revolving Credit Commitments, any Lender that holds any Outstanding Amount in respect of Revolving Credit Loans and/or L/C Obligations). 
 Revolving Credit Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b). 
 Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Revolving Credit Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-3 hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Revolving Credit Lender resulting from the Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender under the same Revolving Tranche. 
 Revolving Tranche means (a) the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) any Specified Refinancing Debt constituting revolving credit facility commitments, in each case, including the extensions of credit made thereunder. 
 Right of First Refusal means, with respect to any Indebtedness being requested to be procured by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (each an Applicable Facility ), Blackstone Credit Entities (collectively, the Applicable Lender shall have the right of first refusal to provide such Indebtedness subject to the following terms: 
 (a)	the Borrower shall (i) request that the Applicable Lender provide a proposal of terms to provide all or any portion of such Indebtedness (an RFP or (ii) provide to the Applicable Lender a proposal of terms to provide all or any portion of such Indebtedness which is being offered by another third financing source that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower (a Match Offer (in each case, an Offer and the first time in respect of any particular Indebtedness, the First Offer )); 
 76 

(b)	in connection with any such Offer, the Borrower shall provide a written notice (the Offer Notice to the Applicable Lender of such Applicable Facility with a copy to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall reasonably indicate the terms of such Applicable Facility, including the rate and any fees or original issue discount being offered with respect to such Applicable Facility; 
 (c)	following the receipt by the Administrative Agent and the Applicable Lender of such Offer Notice, the Applicable Lender shall either (i) deliver a written notice (a Declination Notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower indicating that the Applicable Lender declines the offer to provide any portion of such Applicable Facility or (ii) deliver an offer (an Acceptance Notice to the Administrative Agent and the Applicable Lender containing (A) in the case of an RFP, the proposed terms of such Indebtedness including the amount the Applicable Lender is willing to provide, the rate and any fees or original issue discount being offered with respect to such Applicable Facility or (B) in the case of a Match Offer, an acceptance to provide such Applicable Facility and the amount the Applicable Lender is willing to provide. After receiving an Acceptance Notice in the case of an RFP and evaluating the RFP, the Borrower may within ten (10) Business Days (or such longer period as agreed to by the Applicable Lender) either accept the terms in such Acceptance Notice, agree to other terms with the Applicable Lender or counter the RFP with a Match Offer. If the Applicable Lender fails to send the Borrower a Declination Notice or an Acceptance Notice on or prior to the date that is ten (10) Business Days with respect to a First Offer and three (3) Business Days with respect to any other Offer, in each case after the delivery of the Offer Notice to the Administrative Agent and the Applicable Lender, the Applicable Lender automatically shall be deemed to have delivered a Declination Notice with respect to such Applicable Facility; 
 (d)	if the Applicable Lender delivers (or is deemed to deliver) to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower a Declination Notice, then the Borrower may incur such Indebtedness (if permitted hereunder) under such Applicable Facility being provided by other financing sources (which, in the case of any Indebtedness being incurred under this Agreement, must be Eligible Assignees) on the same terms offered to the Applicable Lender or such other terms agreed with such other Person; provided that if any terms previously offered to the Applicable Lender are amended which would be materially beneficial to a lender, then the Borrower shall reoffer the entire amount of such Applicable Facility to the Applicable Lender with such new terms and repeat the steps in (a) through (d) above. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this definition shall prohibit Borrower from discussions with any other financing source at any time. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Right of First Refusal shall not apply with respect to any Revolving Credit Commitment Increase hereunder. 
 Sale/Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement relating to property now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary whereby the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary transfers such property to a Person and the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary leases it from such Person, other than leases between the Borrower and a Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Sanctions Laws and Regulations means (i) any sanctions or requirements imposed by, or based upon the obligations or authorities set forth in, the PATRIOT Act, the Executive Order No. 13224 of September 23, 2001, entitled Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), the U.S. International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the U.S. Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), the U.S. Syria Accountability and Lebanese Sovereignty Act, the U.S. Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 or the Iran Sanctions Act, Section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2012, all as amended, or any of the foreign assets control regulations (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any other law or executive order relating thereto 
 77 

administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), and any similar law, regulation, or executive order enacted in the United States after the date of this Agreement and (ii) any sanctions or requirements imposed under similar laws or regulations enacted by the European Union, the United Kingdom or Canada or administered, enacted or enforced by the respective governmental institutions or agencies of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, Her Majesty s Treasury in the United Kingdom and Global Affairs Canada and Public Safety Canada, that apply to the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries (as any of the foregoing laws may from time to time be amended, renewed, extended or replaced). 
 S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of McGraw Hill Financial Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Section 6.01 Reporting Deadline has the meaning specified in Section 6.01 . 
 Secured Cash Management Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement that is entered into by and between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Cash Management Bank, except for any such Cash Management Agreement designated by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Cash Management Bank or Approved Counterparty, as applicable, as an unsecured cash management agreement as of the Closing Date or, if later, on or about the time of entering into such Cash Management Agreement; provided , however , that for any Cash Management Agreement to be included as a Secured Cash Management Agreement on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Cash Management Bank must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination. 
 Secured Hedge Agreement means any Swap Contract permitted under Article VII that is entered into by and between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Approved Counterparty, except for any such Swap Contract designated by the Borrower and the applicable Approved Counterparty in writing to the Administrative Agent as an unsecured hedge agreement as of the Closing Date or, if later, as of the time of entering into such Swap Contract; provided , however , that for any Swap Contract to be included as a Secured Hedge Agreement on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Approved Counterparty must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination. 
 Secured Obligations has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders (including for the avoidance of doubt, the L/C Issuers), the Approved Counterparties to the extent they are party to one or more Secured Hedge Agreements, the Cash Management Banks to the extent they are party to one or more Secured Cash Management Agreements and each co-agent or subagent appointed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Article IX. 
 Secured Party Designation Notice means a notice from an Approved Counterparty or Cash Management Bank substantially in the form of Exhibit L. 
 Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 78 

Security Agreement means, collectively, the Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof executed by the Loan Parties party thereto, substantially in the form of Exhibit F, together with each other security agreement and security agreement supplement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.12, 6.14 or 6.16. 
 Security Agreement Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Similar Business means any business engaged in by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and any business or other activities that are similar, ancillary, complementary, incidental or related thereto, or an extension, development or expansion of, the businesses in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the Closing Date. 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Blackstone Credit Representative, in consultation with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may deem appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice; provided however that, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Blackstone Credit Representative, as applicable, determine that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Blackstone Credit Representative, in consultation with the Administrative Agent, determines (with the consent of the Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and which is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value (to be calculated as the amount at which the assets (both tangible and intangible), in their entirety, of such Person taken as a whole would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, within a commercially reasonable period of time, each having reasonable knowledge of the relevant 
 79 

facts, with neither being under any compulsion to act) of the assets of such Person taken as a whole exceeds the total amount of liabilities (it being understood that the term liabilities, for the purposes of this definition, will be limited to the recorded liabilities (including contingent liabilities that would be recorded in accordance with GAAP) of such Person taken as a whole, on such date of determination, determined in accordance with GAAP consistently applied), (b) the present fair salable value (defined as the amount that could be obtained by an independent willing seller from an independent willing buyer if the assets of such Person taken as a whole are sold with reasonable promptness in an arm s-length transaction under present conditions for the sale of comparable business enterprises insofar as such conditions can be reasonably evaluated) of the assets of such person taken as a whole exceeds their liabilities, (c) such Person, taken as whole, does not have unreasonably small capital (defined as sufficient capital to reasonably ensure that such Person will continue to be a going concern for the period from the date of determination through the Maturity Date, based on the needs and anticipated needs for capital of the business conducted or anticipated to be conducted by the Loan Parties as reflected in such Person s projected financial statements and in light of its anticipated credit capacity), (d) such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will be able to pay its liabilities as they mature. 
 SPC has the meaning specified in Section 10.07. 
 Specified Change of Control means, subject to (if applicable) Section 1.02(i), and in each case shall be at the option of the Borrower to deem such transaction a Specified Change of Control: 
 (a)	the Specified Mergers, if (in the case of this clause (a)) the following conditions precedent shall be satisfied substantially concurrently with such mergers: 
 (i)	 upon the consummation of any Specified Merger, if any Indebtedness is required to pay off existing indebtedness of the targets, so long as any Blackstone Credit Entity is a Majority Lender hereunder, Blackstone Credit shall be given the Right of First Refusal to provide the requested Indebtedness; and 
 (ii)	 immediately after giving effect to such Specified Change of Control, (x) no other Default or Event of Default shall exist or would exist, and (y) all representations and warranties made under this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers contained therein) as if made on the date of such Specified Change of Control; and 
 (b)	the first (and only a one-time) direct or indirect disposition of Voting Stock (whether by sale of equity interests, merger, consolidation or otherwise) of the Borrower, Holdings, Parent or any Subsidiary to a private equity sponsor that would otherwise constitute a Change of Control (but for this definition), if (in the case of this clause (b)) the following conditions precedent shall be satisfied substantially concurrently with such disposition: 
 (i)	 on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Specified Change of Control, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall be less than or equal to 4.50 to 1.00, and before the consummation of such Specified Change of Control, the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have received a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying to such calculation and providing the related backup therefor; 
 (ii)	 such private equity sponsor may not be any private equity firm notified in writing by Blackstone Credit to the Borrower prior to the Closing Date without the consent of Blackstone Credit and Ally (in each case, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); 
 80 

(iii)	 at least five (5) Business Days before the closing of such Specified Change of Control, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received any information and documentation reasonably requested by any of them for purposes of compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (31 C.F.R. 1010.230, as amended) and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering laws and their respective implementing rules and regulations; 
 (iv)	 immediately after giving effect to such Specified Change of Control, (x) no other Default or Event of Default shall exist or would exist, and (y) all representations and warranties made under this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers contained therein) as if made on the date of such Specified Change of Control; and 
 (v)	 such private equity sponsor directly or indirectly acquiring the Borrower shall have concurrently made a cash equity contribution and/or other equity payments (including rollover equity) greater than or equal to 35 of the acquisition consideration of such Specified Change of Control; it being understood that such equity contribution or payment may be paid to the seller entities in such Specified Change of Control directly and need not be paid to the Borrower (collectively, the Specified Change of Control Equity Contribution ). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, only one (1) Specified Change of Control event occurring under clause (b) of the foregoing definition shall be permitted to occur during the entire term of this Agreement. 
 
 Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default under any of Sections 8.01(a), 8.01(b) (solely with respect to a breach of the requirements set forth in Sections 6.01(a) through (b), Section 6.02(b) or Section 7.08), 8.01(f) and 8.01(g). 
 Specified Mergers means any merger, reorganization, or other similar transaction performed between one or more Borrower Parties and Epiq, Consilio, Xact, United Lex, and Lighthouse (each a Specified Target ), provided that: 
 (a)	any consideration paid or payable by (whether directly or indirectly) a Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such merger, reorganization or other similar transaction may be made, only if such consideration constitutes either (x) a Permitted Investment, or (y) a permitted Restricted Payment (in either case, such determination shall be made by ignoring any clause therein or incorporated therein that would permit the consummation of the Specified Merger or a Specified Change of Control or that provides a basket specific to such Specified Merger or Specified Change of Control); 
 (b)	there shall be no adverse impact on (1) the value or the scope of the (x) Collateral granted, or purported to be granted, to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Parties or (y) guarantees in favor of the Secured Parties, or (2) the ability of the Loan Parties to pay their respective Obligations in accordance with terms of the Loan Documents; and 
 (c)	either (x) the Borrower shall be the surviving entity of such merger, reorganization or similar transaction, or (y) if a Specified Target is the surviving entity of such merger, reorganization or similar transaction, then in the case of clause (y): 
 (i)	no Change of Control shall have occurred with respect to such Specified Target (with such determination being made by substituting such Specified Target in place of each reference to Borrower in that definition), 
 81 

(ii)	each Specified Target shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, 
 (iii)	each Guarantor shall have confirmed that its Guarantee shall apply to each Specified Target s obligations under the Loan Documents, 
 (iv)	each Guarantor shall have by a supplement to the applicable security documents confirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to each Specified Target s obligations under the Loan Documents, 
 (v)	if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Blackstone Credit Representative, each mortgagor of a Mortgaged Property shall have by an amendment to or restatement of the applicable Mortgage (or other instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative) confirming that its obligations thereunder shall apply to each Specified Target s obligations under the Loan Documents, 
 (vi)	each Specified Target shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer, stating that such merger or consolidation and such supplement to this Agreement or any security document comply with this Agreement and if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Ally Representative or the Blackstone Credit Representative, delivered a customary opinion of counsel as to, among other things, the enforceability of the Loan Documents against such Specified Target, and 
 (vii)	at least five (5) Business Days before the closing of such merger, reorganization or similar transaction, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received any information and documentation reasonably requested by any of them for purposes of compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (31 C.F.R. 1010.230, as amended) and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering laws and their respective implementing rules and regulations. 
 If (i) clause (b)(y) of this definition shall apply to a Specified Merger, (ii) the foregoing clauses (i) through (vii) shall be satisfied concurrently with such Specified Merger and (iii) such Specified Merger shall be consummated in accordance with the other terms of this definition and this Agreement, then such Specified Target shall succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this definition shall not permit any other transaction involving the surviving entity of such merger, reorganization or similar transaction. 
 
 Specified Refinancing Agent has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a). 
 Specified Refinancing Debt has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a). 
 Specified Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a). 
 Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans means Specified Refinancing Debt constituting revolving loans. 
 Specified Refinancing Term Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a). 
 82 

Specified Refinancing Term Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a). 
 Specified Refinancing Term Loans means Specified Refinancing Debt constituting term loans. 
 Specified Transaction means any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes other than pursuant to this Agreement) or Investment that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary, any designation of a Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, any acquisition or any Disposition that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower, any Investment constituting an acquisition of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of another Person or any Disposition of a business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise or any material restructuring of the Borrower or implementation of any initiative not in the ordinary course of business. 
 Sponsor means (a) CEOF II DE AIV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or any of its Control Investment Affiliates and, in each case (whether individually or as a group), Affiliates of the foregoing (but excluding any operating portfolio companies of the foregoing) and (b) upon and after the consummation of the one-time Specified Change of Control permitted under clause (a) of the definition thereof, the private equity sponsor which acquired the applicable Voting Stock in accordance with such clause (a). 
 Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and guarantees of performance entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower which such Borrower has determined in good faith to be customary in a Factoring Transaction or Receivables Financing, including, without limitation, those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Receivables Subsidiary, it being understood that any Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall be deemed to be a Standard Securitization Undertaking. 
 Stated Maturity means with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date on which the final payment of principal of such security is due and payable, including pursuant to any mandatory redemption provision (but excluding any provision providing for the repurchase of such security at the option of the holder thereof upon the happening of any contingency unless such contingency has occurred). 
 Subject Lien has the meaning specified in Section 7.02. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means (a) with respect to the Borrower, any Indebtedness of the Borrower which is by its terms expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, and (b) with respect to any Guarantor, any Indebtedness of such Guarantor which is by its terms expressly subordinated in right of payment to its Guarantee of the Obligations. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (1) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of which more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, (2) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which (x) more than 50 of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership interests or otherwise, and (y) such Person 
 83 

or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity and (3) any Person that is consolidated in the consolidated financial statements of the specified Person in accordance with GAAP. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means, collectively, the Restricted Subsidiaries of Holdings that are Guarantors. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty means, collectively, the Subsidiary Guaranty made by the Subsidiary Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 , together with each other guaranty and guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.12 . 
 Subsidiary Redesignation has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary . 
 Supplemental Agent has the meaning specified in Section 9.14(a). 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement, including any obligations or liabilities under any such master agreement. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease as determined pursuant to GAAP. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Borrowing means a borrowing of the same Type of Term Loan of a single Tranche from all the Lenders having Term Commitments or Term Loans of the respective Tranche on a given date 
 84 

(or resulting from a conversion or conversions on such date) having in the case of SOFR Loans, the same Interest Period. 
 Term Commitment means, as to each Term Lender, (i) its Initial Term Commitment, (ii) its Delayed Draw Commitment, (iii) its Term Commitment Increase, (iv) its New Term Commitment or (v) its Specified Refinancing Term Commitment. The amount of each Lender s Initial Term Commitment and Delayed Draw Commitment is as set forth in the definition thereof and the amount of each Lender s other Term Commitments shall be as set forth in the Assignment and Assumption, or in the amendment or agreement relating to the respective Term Commitment Increase, New Term Commitment or Specified Refinancing Term Commitment pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Term Commitment, as the case may be, as such amounts may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Term Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). 
 Term Facility means a facility in respect of any Term Loan Tranche, as the context may require. 
 Term Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has an Initial Term Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds Term Loans and/or Term Commitments at such time. 
 Term Loan means an advance made by any Term Lender under any Term Facility (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans). 
 Term Loan Tranche means the respective facility and commitments utilized in making (or, where applicable, conversion of) Term Loans hereunder, with there being one Tranche on the Closing Date, i.e. , Initial Term Loans and Initial Term Commitments. Subject to the provisions of Sections 2.01 and 2.07 hereof, the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans, when funded, may form one Term Loan Tranche. Additional Term Loan Tranches may be added after the Closing Date pursuant to the terms hereof, e.g. , New Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Term Loans, New Term Commitments and Specified Refinancing Term Commitments. 
 Term SOFR means: 
 (a)	for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, provided , that to the extent no such rate has been published within the three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the Benchmark Replacement shall be applied until such time as Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor has been published by the Term SOFR Administrator within the three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to any following Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and 
 85 

(b)	for any calculation with respect to an Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day, provided , that to the extent no such rate has been published within the three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the Benchmark Replacement shall be applied until such time as Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor has been published by the Term SOFR Administrator within the three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to any following Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum as set forth below for SOFR Loans and (if applicable) the Interest Period therefor: 

Interest Period 
 Percentage 

One month 
 0.10 

Three months 
 0.10 

Six months 
 0.10 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Blackstone Credit Representative in its reasonable discretion and that is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent). 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Threshold Amount means 20,000,000. 
 Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations. 
 Total Revolving Credit Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations. With respect to any Revolving Tranche, the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings in respect of such Revolving Tranche means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans under such Revolving Tranche and L/C Obligations related to Letters of Credit issued under such Revolving Tranche. 
 Tranche means any Term Loan Tranche or any Revolving Tranche. 
 Transactions means the following transactions consummated or to be consummated in connection therewith: 
 (a) 	the Borrower obtaining the Facilities; 
 (b)	the repayment of all loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, and the termination and release of all related guaranties and security interests (or making 
 86 

arrangements for such release that are reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative) (the Refinancing ); and 
 (c)	the payment of all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions described in the foregoing provisions of this definition (the Transaction Costs ). 
 Transaction Agreement Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.02. 
 Transaction Costs has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Transactions. 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Undisclosed Administration means in relation to a Lender or its direct or indirect parent company the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Person is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable law requires that such appointment is not to be publicly disclosed. 
 Unfunded Advances/Participations means (a) with respect to the Administrative Agent, the aggregate amount, if any (i) made available to the Borrower on the assumption that each Lender has made available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent as contemplated by Section 2.12(b) and (ii) with respect to which a corresponding amount shall not in fact have been returned to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or made available to the Administrative Agent by any such Lender, and (b) with respect to any L/C Issuer, the aggregate amount, if any, of L/C Borrowings in respect of which a Revolving Credit Lender shall have failed to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse such L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(d). 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a) of ERISA over the current value of such Plan s assets, determined in accordance with assumptions used for funding the Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 Uniform Commercial Code or UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unpaid Amount has the meaning specified in Section 7.05. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(d)(i). 
 87 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means: 
 (1)	any Subsidiary of the Borrower that at the time of determination shall be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company in the manner provided below; and 
 (2)	any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company may designate any Subsidiary of the Borrower (including any existing Subsidiary and any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary of the Borrower) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on any property of, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated; provided , however , that the Subsidiary to be so designated and its Subsidiaries do not at the time of designation have any Indebtedness pursuant to which the lender has recourse to (x) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiaries to be so designated or (y) any of their respective assets other than the Equity Interests of such Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided , further , however , that immediately after giving effect to such designation no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; provided, further, however , that any Subsidiary that is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary and subsequently designated as a Restricted Subsidiary cannot later be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided , further , however , that either: 
 (a)	the Subsidiary to be so designated has total consolidated assets of 1,000 or less; or 
 (b)	if such Subsidiary has consolidated assets greater than 1,000, then such designation would be permitted under Section 7.05. 
 The Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary (a Subsidiary Redesignation ); provided , however , that immediately after giving effect to such designation the Borrower could incur 1.00 of additional unsecured Permitted Ratio Debt on a Pro Forma Basis taking into account such designation, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. Any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary and any Liens encumbering its assets at the time of such designation shall be deemed newly incurred or established, as applicable, at such time. 
 Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by promptly delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company giving effect to such designation and an officer s certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. No Subsidiary may constitute an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it holds any right, title or interest in any intellectual property necessary for a Loan Party s business or in any Material Real Property (determined without giving effect to the exclusion therein for Excluded Property) owned in fee as of the Closing Date. There shall be no Unrestricted Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 88 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01(g)(ii). 
 Voting Stock of any Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. 
 Warehouse Entity shall mean Goldman Sachs Bank USA, solely in its capacity as Financing Provider (as defined in the Warehouse Facility Agreement) under the Warehouse Facility Agreement, and in no other capacity. 
 Warehouse Facility Agreement means that certain Third Amended and Restated Facility Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2020 and as it may be further amended from time to time, between Blackstone Private Credit Fund and Goldman Sachs Bank USA. 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the number of years (and/or portion thereof) obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment, in respect of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 
 Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary means any Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person 100 of the outstanding Capital Stock or other ownership interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares or interests required to be held by foreign nationals or other third parties to the extent required by applicable law) shall at the time be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 Wilmington Trust has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Withholding Agent shall mean any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Section 1.02.	 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
 (a)	The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 
 89 

(b)	The words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 
 (c)	References in this Agreement to an Exhibit, Schedule, Article, Section, clause or subclause refer (A) to the appropriate Exhibit or Schedule to, or Article, Section, clause or subclause in this Agreement or (B) to the extent such references are not present in this Agreement, to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. 
 (d)	The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 
 (e)	The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. 
 (f)	Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns. 
 (g)	In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including. 
 (h)	Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (i)	In measuring compliance with this Agreement with respect to (x) any Investment or acquisition, merger, amalgamation or similar transaction that has been definitively agreed to, publicly announced or for which there is a binding obligation to consummate and which is pursuant to Rule 2.7 of The City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (or a similar arrangement, including those in other applicable jurisdictions) and for which no definitive documentation is entered into but certainty of funding is required (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Specified Change of Control transaction) or (y) repayment, repurchase or refinancing of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock with respect to which an irrevocable notice of repayment (or similar notice), which may be conditional, has been delivered (each, a Limited Condition Transaction ), in each case for purposes of determining: 
 (1)	whether any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that is being incurred in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted to be incurred in compliance with Section 7.01; 
 (2)	whether any Lien being incurred in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted to be incurred in accordance with Section 7.02 or the definition of Permitted Liens 
 (3)	whether any other transaction or action undertaken or proposed to be undertaken to consummate such Limited Condition Transaction (including any Restricted Payments, Dispositions, fundamental changes set forth in Section 7.03 or designations of Restricted Subsidiaries or Unrestricted Subsidiaries) complies with the covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement; 
 (4)	any calculation of the ratios, baskets or financial metrics, including First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Net Income, 
 90 

Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated Interest Expense and/or Pro Forma Cost Savings and baskets determined by reference to Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets and, whether a Default or Event of Default exists in connection with the foregoing; 
 (5)	other than in connection with any L/C Credit Extension or any Revolving Credit Borrowing with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments that exist on the Closing Date, whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or would result from such Investment, acquisition or repayment, repurchase or refinancing of Indebtedness; and 
 (6)	other than in connection with any L/C Credit Extension or any Revolving Credit Borrowing with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments that exist on the Closing Date, whether any representations and warranties are true and correct, 
 at the option of the Borrower, the date that the definitive agreement (or other relevant definitive documentation) for, announcement (public or otherwise) of, or irrevocable notice, which may be conditional, with respect to, such Limited Condition Transaction (the Transaction Agreement Date may be used as the applicable date of determination, as the case may be, in each case with such pro forma adjustments as are appropriate and consistent with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition of Pro Forma Basis or Consolidated EBITDA. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower elects to use the Transaction Agreement Date as the applicable date of determination in accordance with the foregoing, (a) any fluctuation or change in the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated Interest Expense and/or Pro Forma Cost Savings of the Borrower and/or any currency exchange rate utilized in calculating compliance with any dollar-based provision of this Agreement, from the Transaction Agreement Date to the date of consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction will not be taken into account, (b) for purposes of determining compliance with any provision which requires that no Default or Event of Default (other than determining compliance with the absence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) at the time of consummation of the Limited Condition Transaction (in which case this Section 1.02 shall not apply)), as applicable, has occurred, is continuing or would result from any Limited Condition Transaction such condition shall be deemed satisfied so long as no Default or Event of Default, as applicable, exists on the Transaction Agreement Date, (c) for purposes of determining whether the bring down of representations and warranties in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction are true and correct, such condition shall be deemed satisfied so long as such representations and warranties, as applicable, are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) on the Transaction Agreement Date, and (d) until such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or such definitive agreements (or other relevant definitive binding documentation) are terminated (or conditions in any conditional notice can no longer be met or public announcements with respect thereto are withdrawn or there is a public announcement to the effect that the transaction contemplated by such definitive agreements will no longer be consummated), such Limited Condition Transaction and all transactions proposed to be undertaken in connection therewith (to the extent reasonably necessary to consummate such Limited Condition Transaction) (including the incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens) will be given pro forma effect when determining compliance of other transactions (including the incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens unrelated to such Limited Condition Transaction) that are consummated after the Transaction Agreement Date and on or prior to the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction and any such transactions (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) will be deemed to have occurred on the date the definitive agreements (or other relevant definitive 
 91 

binding documentation) are entered into or such public announcement is made and deemed to be outstanding thereafter for purposes of calculating any baskets or ratios under the Loan Documents after the date of such agreement or public announcement and before the date of consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to make any Restricted Payment after a Transaction Agreement Date but before the consummation of the underlying transaction or the termination of the definitive agreement related to such underlying transaction, any ratio governor related to such Restricted Payment shall be tested on both an actual basis without giving pro forma effect to such transaction and a Pro Forma Basis. 
 (j)	As used in Article VII and the definitions of Permitted Investments , Permitted Liens , First Lien Net Leverage Ratio , Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio , the term Consolidated EBITDA refers to Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower Parties for the four fiscal quarter period most recently then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis; provided that prior to the first date for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b), the Consolidated EBITDA shall be deemed to refer to the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower Parties for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended September 30, 2020, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 	(k)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, unless the context otherwise requires, the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be deemed to be in the same class, and the Initial Term Commitment and the Delayed Draw Commitment shall be deemed to be in the same class. 
 (l)	For the avoidance of doubt, any proceeds from the sale or issuance of Equity Interests and/or from a capital contribution received by any Loan Party that are used or otherwise designated or applied for a specific purpose under this Agreement shall not be double counted such that those same proceeds also increase basket capacity under this Agreement for other purposes. 
 (m)	For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been disposed of by the original Person to each subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, each such new Person shall be deemed to have been formed on the first date of its existence by the holders of its capital stock, or other equity interests, at such time. 
 Section 1.03.	 Accounting Term. 
 (a)	 All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, as in effect from time to time. 
 (b)	 If at any time any change in GAAP or the application thereof would affect the computation or interpretation of any financial ratio, basket, requirement or other provision set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio, basket, requirement or other provision to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or the application thereof (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided further that, until amended as described in this Section 1.03(b) , (i) such ratio, basket, 
 92 

requirement or other provision shall continue to be computed or interpreted in accordance with GAAP or the application thereof prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a written reconciliation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative, between calculations of such ratio, basket, requirement or other provision made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP or the application thereof. 
 (c)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, all such financial statements shall be prepared, and all financial covenants contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be calculated, in each case, without giving effect to any election under FASB ASC 825 (or any similar accounting principle) permitting a Person to value its financial liabilities at the fair value thereof. 
 Section 1.04.	 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by Holdings Topco, or satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted, under this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 Section 1.05.	 References to Agreements and Laws. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are permitted by any Loan Document and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 
 Section 1.06.	 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight savings or standard, as applicable). 
 Section 1.07.	 Timing of Payment or Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as specifically provided in Section 2.12 or as described in the definition of Interest Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 Section 1.08.	 Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term 
 93 

SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Section 1.09.	 [Reserved]. 
 Section 1.10.	 Pro Forma Calculations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (subject to Section 1.02(i)), the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Net Income and Consolidated Total Assets shall be calculated (including for purposes of Sections 2.14 and 2.15) on a Pro Forma Basis with respect to each Specified Transaction occurring during the applicable four quarter period to which such calculation relates, and/or subsequent to the end of such four-quarter period but not later than the date of such calculation, it being understood and agreed that any adjustments to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this Section 1.10 shall be subject to the same caps and limitations set forth in the definition thereof; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, when calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of (i) determining the applicable percentage of Excess Cash Flow for purposes of Section 2.05(b) and (ii) determining actual compliance with Section 7.08, any Specified Transaction and any related adjustment contemplated in the definition of Pro Forma Basis (and any corresponding provisions of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA) that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable four quarter period shall not be given Pro Forma Effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.10 or in any classification under GAAP of any Person, business, assets or operations in respect of which a definitive agreement for the Disposition thereof has been entered into as discontinued operations, no pro forma effect shall be given to any discontinued operations (and the EBITDA attributable to any such Person, business, assets or operations shall not be excluded for any purposes hereunder) until such Disposition shall have been consummated. 
 Section 1.11.	 Calculation of Baskets. If any of the baskets set forth in this Agreement are exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations to Consolidated Total Assets for the most recently completed fiscal quarter after the last time such baskets were calculated for any purpose under this Agreement, such baskets will not be deemed to have been exceeded solely as a result of such fluctuations. 
 Section 1.12.	 Administrative Matters. During any time that the Blackstone Credit Entities collectively do not constitute Required Lenders hereunder, all discretion, voting and/or consent rights hereunder or under any other Loan Document that are explicitly designated to reside with the Blackstone Credit Representative shall, during such period, instead reside with the then applicable Required Lenders. 
 ARTICLE II. The Commitments and Credit Extensions 
 Section 2.01.	 The Loans. 
 (a)	 The Term Borrowings . 
 (i)	 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term Lender with an Initial Term Commitment severally agrees to make a single loan denominated in Dollars (the Initial Term Loans to the Borrower on the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed such Term Lender s Initial Term Commitment. The Initial Term Borrowing shall consist of Initial Term Loans made 
 94 

simultaneously by the Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Initial Term Commitments. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a)(i) and subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed (it being understood, however, that prepayments will be taken into account for purposes of any Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility to the extent provided by Section 2.14). Initial Term Loans may be Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans as further provided herein. 
 (ii)	 At any time and from time to time during the Delayed Draw Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 4.02 hereof, each Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment severally agrees to make to the Borrower on the applicable Delayed Draw C Borrower but not exceeding such Lender s unfunded Delayed Draw Commitment as of such date immediately prior to giving effect to such Borrowing (the Delayed Draw Term Loans ); provided that the aggregate principal amount of all such Borrowings of Delayed Draw Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Commitments as of the Closing Date. Delayed Draw Term Loans may be Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans as further provided herein; provided that Delayed Draw Term Loans will initially be of the same Type and will have the same Interest Period as the Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Borrowing of such Delayed Draw Term Loans. It is the intent of the parties hereto that the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans (if and when funded) (i) shall have the same terms and (ii) shall be treated as a single class for all purposes (i.e., fungible ); provided, that the Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans will be treated as fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the fullest extent (and only to such extent) permitted by applicable Law, and the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended in accordance with Section 2.07 hereof to effect the same. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the amendment provisions described in this Section 2.01 shall supersede any provisions to the contrary in Section 10.01. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a)(ii) and subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed (it being understood, however, that prepayments will be taken into account for purposes of any Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility to the extent provided by Section 2.14). 
 (b)	 The Revolving Credit Borrowings . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make loans denominated in Dollars (each such loan, a Revolving Credit Loan to the Borrower from time to time on and after the Closing Date, on any Business Day until and excluding the Business Day preceding the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment; provided that after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01(b), prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b). Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 Section 2.02.	 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. 
 (a)	 Each Term Borrowing, each Revolving Credit Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of SOFR Loans, shall be made upon irrevocable notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. Each such notice must be in writing and must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion of Base Rate Loans to, or continuation of, SOFR Loans (or in the case of any such Borrowing 
 95 

to be made on the Closing Date, one Business Day prior to the Closing Date), (ii) 1:00 p.m. one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Term Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or of any conversion of SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans and (iii) 1:00 p.m. one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or of any conversion of SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loan; provided, that if the Borrower wishes to request a Borrowing of, or a continuation of or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to, SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of twelve months in duration (or such shorter interest period as may be agreed to by all Lenders of the applicable Tranche) as provided in the definition of Interest Period, such written notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) four Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing, continuation or conversion date, as applicable, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them (and, not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) three (3) Business Days before the requested Borrowing, continuation or conversion date, as applicable, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Appropriate Lenders). Each notice pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans shall be (i) in a principal amount of 1,000,000, or (ii) a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(d), each Borrowing of, or conversion to, Base Rate Loans shall be (i) in a principal amount of 1,000,000, or (ii) a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be available in Borrowings of not less than (i) 1,000,000, or (ii) if in excess thereof, a whole multiple of 500,000 or, if less, the unfunded Delayed Draw Commitments then outstanding. 
 (b)	 Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Term Borrowing (including, in the case of a Term Borrowing, whether it is a requesting a Borrowing of Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans), a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of a Tranche of Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Tranche of Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans or Revolving Credit Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto and (vi) in the case of a Borrowing, the account of the Borrower to which the proceeds of such Borrowing are to be disbursed. If, with respect to any SOFR Loans, the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Tranche of Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans, or Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic conversion or continuation pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
 (c)	 Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable Lender of the amount of its ratable share of the applicable Tranche of Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation of SOFR Loan is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month as described in Section 2.02(b). In the case of a Term Borrowing or a Revolving Credit Borrowing, each 
 96 

Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent s Account not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time), on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (or, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 and Section 4.02), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent by wire transfer of such funds to the account of the Borrower specified in the Committed Loan Notice; provided , however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first , to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second , to the Borrower as provided above. 
 (d)	 Except as otherwise provided herein, a SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such SOFR Loan unless the Borrower pays the amount due under Section 3.06 in connection therewith. During the existence of an Event of Default, at the election of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as SOFR Loans. 
 (e)	 The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Appropriate Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of Adjusted Term SOFR by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 (f)	 After giving effect to all Term Borrowings, all Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect. 
 (g)	 The failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing, which for the avoidance of doubt does not limit such Lender s obligations under Section 2.17. 
 Section 2.03.	 Letters of Credit. 
 (a)	 The Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i)	 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue (or at such L/C Issuer s sole option, arrange the issuance of) Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that the Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for amounts drawn on any Letters of Credit issued (including by arrangement) for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on a joint and several basis with such Restricted Subsidiary) and to amend or renew Letters of Credit previously issued (or arranged) by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(c), and (2) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit and (B) the Revolving Credit Lenders under each Revolving Tranche severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) under such Revolving Tranche for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that no L/C Issuer shall be obligated to make any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, and no Lender shall be obligated to participate in 
 97 

any Letter of Credit, if as of the date of such L/C Credit Extension (w) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (x) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings in respect of any Revolving Tranche would exceed such Revolving Tranche, (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans under any Revolving Tranche of any Lender, plus such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations related to Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) under such Revolving Tranche, would exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment under such Revolving Tranche or (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. Each letter of credit issued or arranged by an L/C Issuer on account of this Agreement shall conclusively constitute a Letter of Credit issued or arranged in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 (ii)	 No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue (or if elected by such L/C Issuer, arrange) any Letter of Credit (and, in the case of clause (B) and (C), no L/C Issuer shall issue (or if so elected, arranged) any Letter of Credit) if: 
 (A)	 any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing (or arranging) such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance (or arrangement) of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which, in each case, such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; 
 (B)	 subject to Section 2.03(c)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than 12 months after the date of issuance or last renewal, unless the Majority Lenders under the applicable Revolving Tranche and the applicable L/C Issuer, in their sole discretion, have approved such expiry date; 
 (C)	 the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (i) all the Revolving Credit Lenders under the applicable Revolving Tranche and the applicable L/C Issuer have approved such expiry date and/or (ii) the applicable L/C Issuer has approved such expiry date and such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized by the applicant requesting such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.16 at least three Business Days prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; 
 (D)	 the issuance (or arrangement) of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more generally applicable policies of such L/C Issuer in place at the time of such request; 
 (E)	 such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount of less than 100,000 or such lesser amount as is acceptable to the applicable L/C Issuer in its sole discretion; 
 98 

(F)	 such Letter of Credit is denominated in a currency other than Dollars; or 
 (G)	 any Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the applicable L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including reallocation of the Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding L/C Obligations pursuant to Section 2.17(a)(iv) or the delivery of Cash Collateral in accordance with Section 2.16 with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued (or arranged) or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure under such Tranche. 
 (iii)	 No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue (or arrange) such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
 (iv)	 Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) by it or proposed to be issued (or arranged) by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included each L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to each L/C Issuer. 
 (b)	 The foregoing benefits and immunities shall not excuse any L/C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to indirect, special, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages claims which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such the L/C Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct or material breach of any Loan Document as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment, 
 (c)	 Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Renewal Letters of Credit . 
 (i)	 Each Letter of Credit shall be issued (or arranged) or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the applicable L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application (it being understood that such draft language for each such Letter of Credit must be in English or, if agreed to in the sole discretion of the applicable L/C Issuer, accompanied by an English translation certified by the Borrower to be a true and correct English translation), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as such L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance (or arrangement of the issuance) of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day not later than 30 days prior to the Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Facility, 
 99 

unless the applicable L/C Issuer otherwise agrees); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate or other documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the Person for whose account the requested Letter of Credit is to be issued (including by arrangement) (which must be a Borrower Party); and (H) such other matters as the applicable L/C Issuer may reasonably request. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer: (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment and (4) such other matters as the applicable L/C Issuer may reasonably request. 
 (ii)	 Promptly following delivery of any Letter of Credit Application to the applicable L/C Issuer, the Borrower will confirm with the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application and, if the Administrative Agent has not received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application, then the Borrower will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, so long as such L/C Issuer has not received written notice from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Borrower that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 with respect to the issuance of such Letter of Credit have not been satisfied, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue (or if agreed by such L/C Issuer, arrange) a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (as designated in the Letter of Credit Application) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be. Immediately upon the issuance (including by arrangement of the issuance) of each Letter of Credit under a Revolving Tranche, each Revolving Credit Lender under such Revolving Tranche shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Revolving Tranche multiplied by the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 (iii)	 If the Borrower on behalf of itself or its Restricted Subsidiaries so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue (or arrange the issuance of) a Letter of Credit that has automatic renewal provisions (each, an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit ); provided that any such Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit must permit such L/C Issuer to prevent any such renewal at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance (including by arrangement) of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued (including by arrangement). Unless otherwise directed by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such L/C Issuer for any such renewal. Once an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has been issued (including by arrangement), the Revolving Credit Lenders under the applicable Revolving Tranche shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided , however , that such L/C Issuer shall not permit any such renewal if such L/C Issuer has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise). 
 (iv)	 Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also (A) deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment and (B) the Administrative Agent in turn will notify each 
 100 

Revolving Credit Lender under the applicable Revolving Tranche of such issuance (including by arrangement of the issuance) or amendment and the amount of such Revolving Credit Lender s Pro Rata Share therein. 
 (v)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, the issuance (or arrangement) of any Letters of Credit by any L/C Issuer under this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable additional letter of credit issuance or arrangement procedures and requirements as may be required by such L/C Issuer s internal letter of credit issuance or arrangement policies and procedures, in its sole discretion, as in effect at the time of such issuance or arrangement, including requirements with respect to the prior receipt by such L/C Issuer of customary know your customer information regarding a prospective account party or applicant that is not the Borrower hereunder, as well as regarding any beneficiaries of a requested Letter of Credit. 
 (d)	 Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . 
 (i)	 Upon receipt of notice of any drawing under any Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Each L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower on the date of any payment by such L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), and the Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing no later than on the next succeeding Business Day (and any reimbursement made on such next Business Day shall be taken into account in computing interest and fees in respect of any such Letter of Credit) after the Borrower shall have received notice of such payment, with interest on the amount so paid or disbursed by such L/C Issuer, to the extent not reimbursed prior to 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the applicable Honor Date, from and including the date paid or disbursed to but excluding the date such L/C Issuer was reimbursed by the Borrower therefor at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Rate as in effect from time to time for Revolving Credit Loans that are maintained as Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse such L/C Issuer on such next Business Day, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender under the applicable Revolving Tranche of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Revolving Credit Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof. In such event, in the case of an Unreimbursed Amount, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans under such Revolving Tranche to be disbursed on such date in an amount equal to, and denominated in the same currency as, the Unreimbursed Amount, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 but without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Tranche and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by an L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(d)(i) may be given by telephone if promptly confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such a prompt confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii)	 Each Revolving Credit Lender (including each Lender acting as an L/C Issuer) under the applicable Revolving Tranche shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(d)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer, to the Administrative Agent s Account in an amount equal to, and in the same currency as, its applicable Pro Rata Share of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(d)(iii), each Revolving Credit Lender under such Revolving Tranche that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have 
 101 

made a Base Rate Loan under such Revolving Tranche to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall promptly remit the funds so received to the applicable L/C Issuer. 
 (iii)	 With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Tranches. In such event, each applicable Revolving Credit Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(d)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03. 
 (iv)	 Until each Revolving Credit Lender under the applicable Revolving Tranche funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(d) to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s applicable Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L/C Issuer. 
 (v)	 Each applicable Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(d), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(d) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the applicable L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi)	 If any applicable Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(d) by the time specified in Section 2.03(d)(ii), then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and a rate reasonably determined by such L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such principal amount, the amount so paid (less interest and fees) shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the applicable L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(d)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 102 

(e)	 Repayment of Participations . 
 (i)	 If, at any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit issued (or arranged) by it and has received from any Revolving Credit Lender such Lender s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(d), the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its applicable Pro Rata Share thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii)	 If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(d)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L/C Issuer in its discretion), each applicable Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L/C Issuer its applicable Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (f)	 Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 
 (i)	 any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; 
 (ii)	 the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the applicable L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 
 (iii)	 any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 
 (iv)	 any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer or other issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft, certificate or other drawing document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the applicable L/C Issuer or other issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, administrator, administrative receiver, judicial manager, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; 
 103 

(v)	 any exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations of the Borrower in respect of such Letter of Credit; and/or 
 (vi)	 any issuer under an arranged Letter of Credit becoming subject to any Debtor Relief Law or any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 
 The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the instructions of the Borrower or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against any L/C Issuer (and each other issuer) and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 (g)	 Role of L/C Issuer . Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer (or other issuer) shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and other documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the applicable L/C Issuer (or any other issuer), any Agent-Related Person nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of the applicable L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender under any Revolving Tranche for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Credit Lenders under such Revolving Tranche or the Majority Lenders under such Revolving Tranche, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Application. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower from pursuing such rights and remedies as they may have against the beneficiary or transferee at Law or under any other agreement. None of the applicable L/C Issuer, any Agent-Related Person, nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of such L/C Issuer, shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.03(f); provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against such L/C Issuer, and such L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to indirect, special, punitive, consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final non-appealable judgment were caused by such L/C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the applicable L/C Issuer or other issuer may, in its sole discretion, either accept documents that appear on their face to be in order and make payment upon such documents, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and such L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (h)	 Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender under any Revolving Tranche in accordance with its applicable Pro Rata Share, a Letter of Credit fee which shall accrue for each Letter of Credit issued (or arranged) under such 
 104 

Revolving Tranche in an amount equal to the Applicable Rate then in effect for SOFR Loans with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility multiplied by the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit if such maximum amount increases automatically pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit); provided , however , that any Letter of Credit fees otherwise payable for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided Cash Collateral satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, to the other Revolving Credit Lenders under the applicable Revolving Tranche in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective applicable Pro Rata Shares allocable to such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.17(a)(iv), with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account. Such Letter of Credit fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears and shall be due and payable on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, in respect of the quarterly period then ending (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance (including by arrangement of the issuance) of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
 (i)	 Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to an L/C Issuer . The Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee equal to 0.50 of the maximum daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter beginning with the last Business Day of the first full fiscal quarter to end after the Closing Date in respect of the quarterly period then ending (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance (including by arrangement of the issuance) of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account (i) the customary issuance, presentation, administration, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect and (ii) such other costs and expenses as are incurred or charged from time to time by such L/C Issuer in connection with any Letter of Credit that such L/C Issuer has elected to agree to arrange hereunder. Such customary fees and other costs and charges are due and payable within five Business Days of demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (j)	 Conflict with Letter of Credit Application . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (k)	 Reporting . Each L/C Issuer shall furnish to the Administrative Agent a report detailing the daily L/C Obligations outstanding under all Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) by it, such report to be in a form and at reporting intervals as shall be agreed between the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer; provided that in no event shall such reports be furnished at intervals greater than 31 days. 
 (l)	 Provisions Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments . If the Maturity Date in respect of any Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments occurs prior to the expiration of any Letter of Credit, then (i) if one or more other Tranches of Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of which the Maturity Date shall not have occurred are then in effect, such Letters of Credit shall automatically be deemed to have been issued or arranged (including for purposes of the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders to purchase participations therein and to make Revolving Credit Loans and payments in respect thereof pursuant to this Section 2.03) under (and ratably participated in by Lenders pursuant to) the Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of such non-terminating Tranches up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of the unutilized Revolving Credit Commitments thereunder at such time 
 105 

(it being understood that no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be so reallocated) and to the extent any Letters of Credit are not able to be reallocated pursuant to this clause (l) and there are outstanding Revolving Credit Loans under the non-terminating Tranches, the Borrower agrees to repay all such Revolving Credit Loans (or such lesser amount as is necessary to reallocate all Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (l)) or (ii) to the extent not reallocated pursuant to immediately preceding clause (i), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize any such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.16 but with respect to the amount of such Letter of Credit not so reallocated. Except to the extent of reallocations of participations pursuant to clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence, the occurrence of a Maturity Date with respect to a given Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments shall have no effect upon (and shall not diminish) the percentage participations of the Revolving Credit Lenders in any Letter of Credit issued (or arranged) before such Maturity Date. 
 Section 2.04.	 [Reserved]. 
 Section 2.05.	 Prepayments . 
 (a)	 Optional . 
 (i)	 The Borrower may, upon notice by the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit J to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty except as set forth in Section 2.05(a)(iii) below; provided that (1) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of SOFR Loan and (B) one Business Day prior to any prepayment of Base Rate Loans (or such shorter period as the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Administrative Agent shall agree); (2) any prepayment of SOFR Loans shall be (x) in a principal amount of 1,000,000, or (y) a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof; and (3) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be (x) in a principal amount of 1,000,000, or (y) a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment, the Tranche of Loans to be prepaid, the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if SOFR Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans (except that if the class of Loans to be prepaid includes both Base Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, absent direction by the Borrower, the applicable prepayment shall be applied first to Base Rate Loans to the full extent thereof before application to SOFR Loans, in each case in direct order of Interest Period maturities). The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lender s ratable share of the relevant Facility). If such notice is given by the Borrower, subject to clause (ii) below, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(iii) and Section 3.06. Subject to Section 2.17, each prepayment of outstanding Term Loan Tranches pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) shall be applied to the Term Loan Tranche or Term Loan Tranches designated on such notice on a pro rata basis within such Term Loan Tranche. Subject to Section 2.17 , each prepayment of an outstanding Term Loan Tranche pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) shall be applied to the remaining amortization payments (if any) of such Term Loan Tranche as directed by the Borrower (or, if the Borrower has not made such designation, in direct order of maturity), but in any event on a pro rata basis to the Lenders within such Term Loan Tranche. 
 (ii)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any notice of prepayment under Section 2.05(a)(i) may state that it is conditioned upon the occurrence or 
 106 

non-occurrence of any event specified therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 
 (iii)	Subject to clause (iv) below, if the Borrower (A) makes a voluntary prepayment of any Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(a), or (B) makes a prepayment of any Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(iii), the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of the applicable Term Lenders, (i) if prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the applicable Make-Whole Amount and (ii) otherwise, a prepayment premium calculated on the principal amount so prepaid in accordance with the table set forth below: 

Loan Year 
 Applicable Prepayment Premium 

On or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date 
 3.00 

In the event the maturity date of the Holdco Notes is extended, on or after the second anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date 
 1.00 

In the event the maturity date of the Holdco Notes is not extended, on or after the second anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the 30-month anniversary of the Closing Date 
 1.00 

In the event the maturity date of the Holdco Notes is extended, on or after the third anniversary of the Closing Date 
 0.00 

In the event the maturity date of the Holdco Notes is not extended, on or after the 30-month anniversary of the Closing Date 
 0.00 

107 

(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Change of Control that requires any new Indebtedness to be incurred in connection therewith (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, exclude any Change of Control triggered solely by the purchase or exchange of Equity Interests of the Parent, including by way of a Specified Change of Control), if, prior to the consummation of such Change of Control and so long as any Blackstone Credit Entity is a Lender hereunder, Blackstone Credit shall be given the Right of First Refusal to provide the requested commitment for any such new Indebtedness, then, in lieu of the premiums set forth above, the Borrower shall pay a prepayment fee equal to (x) 3.00 if such prepayment is made on or after the Closing Date, but prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, (y) 1.00 if such prepayment is made on or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date, but prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date if the maturity date of the Holdco Notes is extended and (z) 1.00 if such prepayment is made on or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date, but prior to the 30 month anniversary of the Closing Date if the maturity date of the Holdco Notes is not extended. 
 (b)	 Mandatory . 
 (i)	For any Excess Cash Flow Period, within ten (10) Business Days after financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and the related Compliance Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) (or, if later, the date on which such financial statements and such Compliance Certificate are required to be delivered), the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans in an amount equal to (A) 50 (as may be adjusted pursuant to the proviso below) of Excess Cash Flow for such Excess Cash Flow Period, minus (B) the sum of: 
 (1 the aggregate amount of voluntary principal prepayments of the Loans or Indebtedness that is pari passu in right of payment and security with the Initial Term Loans, in each case, made during the period commencing on the first day of the relevant Excess Cash Flow Period and ending on the date immediately prior to the date on which the relevant Excess Cash Flow prepayment is or would be required to be made (including prepayments at a discount to par and open market purchases, with credit given for the actual amount of the cash payment, and prepayments in connection with the lender replacement provisions (including pursuant to Section 3.08)) (except prepayments of Loans under any Revolving Tranche or other revolving Indebtedness that is pari passu in right of payment and security with the Revolving Credit Commitments that are not accompanied by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction of the Revolving Tranches), in each case other than to the extent that any such prepayment is funded with the proceeds of Specified Refinancing Debt, Refinancing Notes or any other long-term Indebtedness, and 
 (2)	any amount not required to be applied to such prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(viii) or (ix), 
 108 

(3)	the portion of the Excess Cash Flow applied (to the extent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is required by the terms thereof) to prepay, repay or purchase Indebtedness that is pari passu in right of payment and security with the Initial Term Loans (to the extent the documentation governing such Indebtedness requires such a prepayment or repurchase thereof with Excess Cash Flow, in each case in an amount not to exceed the product of (x) the amount of Excess Cash Flow and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of such other Indebtedness (or to the extent such amount is not in Dollars, such equivalent amount of such Indebtedness converted into Dollars as determined in accordance with Section 1.08) and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Term Loans and all such other Indebtedness), in each case other than to the extent that any such prepayment is funded with the proceeds of Specified Refinancing Debt, Refinancing Notes or any other long-term Indebtedness, 
 (4)	the amount of capital expenditures made in cash by Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during the period commencing on the first day of the relevant Excess Cash Flow Period and ending on the last day of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period and in each case other than to the extent that any such capital expenditures are funded with the proceeds of Specified Refinancing Debt, Refinancing Notes or any other long-term Indebtedness, 
 (5)	the aggregate amount of cash consideration paid by Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (on a consolidated basis) in connection with any Investments (including, without limitation, any acquisitions and acquisitions of intellectual property) during the period commencing on the first day of the relevant Excess Cash Flow Period and ending on the last day of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period and in each case other than to the extent that any such cash consideration is funded with the proceeds of Specified Refinancing Debt, Refinancing Notes or any other long-term Indebtedness, 
 (6)	at the Borrower s election, without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(i)(B)(6) in respect of prior fiscal years, the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts (the Contract Consideration entered into prior to or during such fiscal year relating to Investments (including, without limitation, any acquisitions and acquisitions of intellectual property) or made pursuant to Section 7.05 or capital expenditures to be consummated or made during the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrowers following the end of such fiscal year, provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of cash actually utilized to finance such Investments and capital expenditures during such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters; 
 109 

provided that such percentage in respect of any Excess Cash Flow Period shall be reduced to 25 or 0 if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal year to which such Excess Cash Flow Period relates was equal to or less than 4.50 to 1.00 or 4.00 to 1.00, respectively (the amount described in this clause (i), the ECF Prepayment Amount ); provided further that no prepayment shall be required with respect to any Excess Cash Flow Period unless the ECF Prepayment Amount exceeds 5,000,000, and, in such case, the ECF Prepayment Amount shall be the amount in excess thereof; provided further that, if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to any Excess Cash Flow prepayment would result in the percentage in respect of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period being reduced to 25 or 0 , then such reduced percentage applicable to the Excess Cash Flow prepayment required to be made shall apply. 
 (ii)	If any Asset Sale or Casualty Event (or series of related Asset Sales or Casualty Events) results in the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Net Cash Proceeds (a Relevant Transaction ), then, except to the extent the Borrower elects to reinvest all or a portion of such Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with Section 7.04, the Borrower shall prepay, subject to Section 2.05(b)(viii), an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100 (as may be adjusted pursuant to the proviso below) of the Net Cash Proceeds received from such Relevant Transaction within 15 Business Days of receipt thereof (or within 15 Business Days after the later of the date the threshold referred to above is first exceeded and the date the relevant Net Cash Proceeds are received) by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary; provided (i) that such percentage in respect of any Asset Sale or Casualty Event (or series of related Asset Sales or Casualty Events) shall be reduced to 50 or 0 if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter as to which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent was equal to or less than 4.50 to 1.00 or 4.00 to 1.00, respectively, (ii) that no prepayment shall be required with respect to any Asset Sale or Casualty Event for such period that is equal to or less than 5,000,000 or (iii) that the Borrower may use a portion of the Net Cash Proceeds received from such Relevant Transaction to prepay or repurchase any other Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with Liens securing the Obligations to the extent such other Indebtedness and the Liens securing the same are permitted hereunder and the documentation governing such other Indebtedness requires such a prepayment or repurchase thereof with the proceeds of such Relevant Transaction, to the extent not deducted in the calculation of Net Cash Proceeds, in each case in an amount not to exceed the product of (1) the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of such other Indebtedness and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Term Loans and such other Indebtedness (or to the extent such amount is not in Dollars, such equivalent amount of such Indebtedness converted into Dollars as determined in accordance with Article I). 
 (iii)	 Upon the incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Refinancing Notes, any Specified Refinancing Term Loans or any Indebtedness not expressly permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 7.01, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Term Loan Tranches in an amount equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom immediately upon receipt thereof by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary. 
 (iv)	 [Reserved.] 
 (v)	 If for any reason the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings in respect of any Revolving Tranche or the sum of outstanding Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans at any time exceeds such aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments or the commitments to make Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans (including after giving effect to any reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06), the Borrower shall immediately prepay the Loans thereunder 
 110 

and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations related thereto in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided , however , that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(v) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans thereunder the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings in respect of such Revolving Tranche or the outstanding Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans, as the case may be, exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Tranche or the commitments to make Specified Refinancing Revolving Loans, as the case may be, then in effect. 
 (vi)	 Subject to Section 2.17, each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied to each Term Loan Tranche on a pro rata basis (other than a prepayment of (x) Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans as applicable, with the proceeds of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 2.18, which shall be applied to the Term Loan Tranche or Revolving Tranche, as applicable, being refinanced pursuant thereto or (y) Term Loans with the proceeds of any Refinancing Notes issued to the extent permitted under Section 7.01(a), which shall be applied to the Term Loan Tranche being refinanced pursuant thereto). Amounts to be applied to a Term Loan Tranche in connection with prepayments made pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied to the remaining scheduled installments with respect to such Term Loan Tranche in direct order of maturity. Each prepayment of Term Loans under a Facility pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied on a pro rata basis to the then outstanding Base Rate Loans and SOFR Loans under such Facility; provided that, if there are no Declining Lenders with respect to such prepayment, then the amount thereof shall be applied first to Base Rate Loans under such Facility to the full extent thereof before application to SOFR Loans, and in the case of SOFR Loans, in direct order of Interest Period maturities; provided , further , that for the avoidance of doubt, all prepayments under this Section 2.05 that are to be applied to Term Loans shall be applied on a pro rata basis between the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans based on the then outstanding principal balances thereof. 
 (vii)	 All prepayments under this Section 2.05 shall be made together with, in the case of any such prepayment of a SOFR Loan on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such SOFR Loan pursuant to Section 3.06 and, to the extent applicable, any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(iii). Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Section 2.05(b), so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of SOFR Loans is required to be made under this Section 2.05(b), other than on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, deposit the amount of any such prepayment otherwise required to be made thereunder into a Cash Collateral account until the last day of such Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with this Section 2.05(b) (it being agreed, for clarity, that interest shall continue to accrue on the Loans so prepaid until the amount so deposited is actually applied to prepay such Loans). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall also be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of the outstanding Loans in accordance with this Section 2.05(b). 
 (viii)	 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.05, to the extent that any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Disposition or the Net Cash Proceeds of any Casualty Event from a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Casualty Event ), in each case giving rise to a prepayment event pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii), or Excess Cash Flow giving rise to a prepayment event pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) are or is prohibited or restricted by applicable local law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, financial assistance and corporate benefit restrictions and fiduciary and statutory duties of any direct or officers of such Subsidiaries) from being repatriated to the Borrower or so prepaid or such repatriation or prepayment would present a material risk of liability for the applicable Subsidiary or its directors or officers (or gives rise to a material risk of breach of fiduciary or 
 111 

statutory duties by any director or officer), the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.05 but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary. 
 (ix)	 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.05, to the extent that the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Foreign Disposition or any Foreign Casualty Event, in each case giving rise to a prepayment event pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii), or Excess Cash Flow giving rise to a prepayment event pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) would have an adverse tax cost consequence on any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation) with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, the Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary and no prepayment obligation in respect of such amounts shall be required under this Section 2.05(b). 
 (x)	 The Borrower shall not be required to monitor any Payment Block and/or reserve cash for future repatriation after the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent of the existence of such Payment Block. 
 (c)	 Term Lender Opt-Out . With respect to any prepayment of Initial Term Loans and, unless otherwise specified in the documents therefor, other Term Loan Tranches pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii) or (iii), any Appropriate Lender, at its option (but solely to the extent the Borrower elects for this clause (c) to be applicable to a given prepayment, other than in connection with any Refinancing Notes or any Specified Refinancing Term Loans), may elect not to accept such prepayment as provided below. The Borrower may notify the Administrative Agent of any event giving rise to a prepayment under Section 2.05(b)(i), (ii) or (iii) at least five Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment that is required to be made under Section 2.05(b)(ii) or (iii) (the Prepayment Amount ). The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the contents of any such prepayment notice so received from the Borrower, including the date on which such prepayment is to be made (the Prepayment Date ). Any Appropriate Lender may (but solely to the extent the Borrower elects for this clause (c) to be applicable to a given prepayment) decline to accept all (but not less than all) of its share of any such prepayment (any such Lender, a Declining Lender by providing written notice to the Administrative Agent no later than four Business Days after the date of such Appropriate Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment. If any Appropriate Lender does not give a notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such fourth Business Day informing the Administrative Agent that it declines to accept the applicable prepayment, then such Lender will be deemed to have accepted such prepayment. On any Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the Prepayment Amount minus the portion thereof allocable to Declining Lenders, in each case for such Prepayment Date, shall be paid to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower and applied by the Administrative Agent ratably to prepay Term Loans under the Term Loan Tranches owing to Appropriate Lenders (other than Declining Lenders) in the manner described in Section 2.05(b) for such prepayment. Any amounts that would otherwise have been applied to prepay Term Loans, New Term Loans or Specified Refinancing Term Loans owing to Declining Lenders shall be retained by the Borrower (such amounts, Declined Amounts ). 
 (d)	 All Loans shall be repaid, whether pursuant to this Section 2.05 or otherwise, in the currency in which they were made. The application of proceeds pursuant to this Section 2.05 is subject to the Agreement Among Lenders. 
 112 

Section 2.06.	 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a)	 Optional . The Borrower may, upon written notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, terminate the unused portions of the Commitments under any Term Loan Tranche, the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or the unused Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Tranche, or from time to time permanently reduce the unused portions of the Commitments under any Term Loan Tranche, the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or the unused Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Tranche; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent three Business Days (or such shorter period as the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Administrative Agent shall agree) prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 500,000 or any whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Commitments under any Tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, (x) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Credit Facility or (y) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings with respect to such Tranche would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments under such Tranche, or (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Any such notice of termination or reduction of commitments pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) may state that it is conditioned upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event specified therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. For the avoidance of doubt, upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations in cash and in immediately available funds (other than (A) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (B) obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) and the expiration without any pending drawing or termination of all Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit which have been Cash Collateralized), this Agreement shall automatically terminate and the Administrative Agent shall comply with Section 9.01(c) and Section 9.11. 
 (b)	 Mandatory . 
 (i)	 (A) The Aggregate Commitments under a Term Loan Tranche shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the date of the initial incurrence of Term Loans under such Term Loan Tranche, which in the case of the Initial Term Commitments shall be the Closing Date and (B) the Delayed Draw Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced (x) by the aggregate principal amount of Delayed Draw Term Loans made from time to time by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii) and (y) to 0 upon the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date. 
 (ii)	 Upon the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Specified Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders under the Tranche of Revolving Credit Loans being refinanced shall be automatically and permanently reduced on a ratable basis by an amount equal to 100 of such Specified Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (iii)	 If after giving effect to any reduction or termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under this Section 2.06, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Revolving Credit Facility at such time, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. 
 113 

(iv)	 The aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments with respect to any Tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero on the Maturity Date with respect to such Tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 (c)	 Application of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the applicable Lenders of the applicable Facility of any termination or reduction of the Commitments under any Term Loan Tranche, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Tranche under this Section 2.06. Upon any reduction of Commitments under a Facility or a Tranche thereof, the Commitment of each Lender under such Facility or Tranche thereof shall be reduced by such Lender s ratable share of the amount by which such Facility or Tranche thereof is reduced (other than the termination of the Commitment of any Lender as provided in Section 3.08). All commitment fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments and unpaid, shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 Section 2.07.	 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a)	 Term Loans . The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Term Lenders (i) in the case of the Initial Term Loans, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur for the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date, an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.25 of the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans made on the Closing Date, (ii) for any Delayed Draw Term Loans, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur for the first full fiscal quarter after the Delayed Draw Closing Date therefor, an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.25 of the aggregate principal amount of such Delayed Draw Term Loans made on the related Delayed Draw Closing Date, (iii) on the Maturity Date for the Initial Term Loans, the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans outstanding on such date and (iv) on the Maturity Date for the Delayed Draw Term Loans, the aggregate principal amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loans outstanding on such date; provided, that, it is the intent of the parties hereto that the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans (if and when funded) shall have the same terms and shall (to the fullest extent permitted by Law, but, for the avoidance of doubt, without imposing any obligation on any party to change the economic terms set forth in this Agreement) be treated as a single class for all purposes (i.e., fungible ), and with the consent of the Borrower and the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Borrower (in its sole discretion) and the Administrative Agent (following notice to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower and the Blackstone Credit Representative of such consent on or prior to the date of Borrowing of any Delayed Draw Term Loans, and at the Blackstone Credit Representative s direction), without the consent of any other Lenders, may agree to adjust the size or date of the scheduled amortization payments described in subclause (ii) and incorporate terms that would be favorable to existing Lenders of the Initial Term Loans including, for the avoidance of doubt, any increase in the applicable yield relating to the Initial Term Loans (including by adjusting the size of the scheduled amortization payments described in subclause (i) upward) to achieve fungibility for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the Initial Term Loans. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into (i) any amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document as may be necessary in order to incorporate any terms described in the foregoing sentence (which amendment shall be entered into by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative, subject to the agreement of the Borrower) and (ii) such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower in connection with the changes described in the foregoing clause (i), in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.07 as in effect on the date hereof. 
 (b)	 Revolving Credit Loans . The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders on the applicable Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit 
 114 

Facilities of a given Tranche the aggregate principal amount of all of its Revolving Credit Loans of such Tranche outstanding on such date. 
 (c)	 All Loans shall be repaid, whether pursuant to this Section 2.07 or otherwise, in the currency in which they were made. 
 Section 2.08.	 Interest . 
 (a)	 Subject to the provisions of the following sentence, (i) each SOFR Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (A) Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus (B) the Applicable Rate for SOFR Loans under such Facility; and (ii) each Base Rate Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date or conversion date, as the case may be, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (A) the Base Rate plus (B) the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans under such Facility. The Borrower shall pay interest on all overdue Obligations hereunder, which shall include all Obligations following an acceleration pursuant to Section 8.02 (including an automatic acceleration) at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (b)	 Accrued interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein; provided that in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than Revolving Credit Loans bearing interest based on the Base Rate that are repaid or prepaid without any corresponding termination or reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments other than as set forth in Section 2.14(e)), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 (c)	 Interest on each Loan shall be payable in the currency in which each Loan was made. 
 (d)	 All computations of interest hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 2.10 of this Agreement. 
 Section 2.09.	 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in Sections 2.03(h) and (i): 
 (a)	 Commitment Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share of each Tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility, a commitment fee in Dollars equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee multiplied by the actual daily amount of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments under such Tranche (as in effect from time to time) multiplied by the actual daily amount by which the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments exceed the sum of (A) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans outstanding and (B) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Maturity Date for the Revolving Tranche, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the last Business Day of the first full calendar quarter to end following the Closing Date, and on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Tranche. 
 (b)	 Other Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, for their own account, the fees set forth in the Agent Fee Letter at the times and in the amounts specified therein. 
 115 

The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders and/or the Blackstone Credit Representative (or, at the written direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. 
 Section 2.10.	 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate . 
 All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 Section 2.11.	 Evidence of Indebtedness . 
 (a)	 The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and evidenced by one or more entries in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(b), as a non-fiduciary agent for the Borrower, in each case in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the written request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b)	 In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records and, in the case of the Administrative Agent, entries in the Register, evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 (c)	 Entries made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to Sections 2.11(a), and by each Lender in its accounts or records pursuant to Sections 2.11(a) and (b), shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such accounts or records, such Lender, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent manifest error; provided that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such accounts or records shall not limit the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 116 

Section 2.12.	 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a)	 General. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, to the Administrative Agent s Account in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its ratable share in respect of the relevant Facility or Tranche thereof (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) shall, in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided , however , that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of SOFR Loans to be made in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 (b)	 (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of SOFR Loans (or, in the case of any Term Borrowing or Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02(c) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if any Lender does not in fact make its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand an amount equal to such applicable share in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans under the applicable Facility. If both the Borrower and such Lender pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid (less interest and fees) shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make its share of any Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii)	 Payments by the Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or an L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Appropriate Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the 
 117 

case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower does not in fact make such payment, then each of the Appropriate Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed by the Administrative Agent to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.12(b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c)	 Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender no later than the next succeeding Business Day, without interest. 
 (d)	 Obligations of the Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 9.07 are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 9.07 on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or, to fund its participation or to make its payment under Section 9.07. 
 (e)	 Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (f)	 Insufficient Funds . If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, L/C Borrowings, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first , toward payment of fees and any prepayment premium then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of fees and prepayment premium then due to such parties, (ii) second , toward payment of interest then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest then due to such parties and (iii) third , toward payment of principal and L/C Borrowings then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and L/C Borrowings then due to such parties. 
 (g)	 Unallocated Funds . If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations of the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lender s ratable share of the sum of the Outstanding Amount of all Loans outstanding at such time and the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations outstanding at such time, in repayment or prepayment of such of the outstanding Loans or other Obligations then owing to such Lender. 
 Section 2.13.	 Sharing of Payments. If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), any Lender shall 
 118 

obtain on account of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it, any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder or under the Agreement Among Lenders) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them and/or such subparticipations in the participations in L/C Obligations held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Loans or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata (or such other share) with each of them; provided , however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (A) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.16, (B) the assignments and participations (including by means of a Dutch Auction and open market debt repurchases) described in Section 10.07, (C) (i) the incurrence of any New Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.14, (ii) the prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans in accordance with Section 2.14(e) in connection with a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase or (iii) any Specified Refinancing Debt in accordance with Section 2.18, (D) any loan modification offer described in Section 10.01, or (E) any applicable circumstances contemplated by Sections 2.05(b), 2.14, 2.17 or 3.08. 
 Section 2.14.	 Incremental Facilities . 
 (a)	 The Borrower may, from time to time after the earlier of (i) the date on which the Delayed Draw Term Loans have been fully borrowed and (ii) the date on which the Delayed Draw Commitment has expired (unless, in the case of clause (w) below the Borrower terminates such Delayed Draw Commitment), upon notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Person appointed by the Borrower to arrange an incremental Facility (such Person (other than the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower) appointed by the Borrower after consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Incremental Arranger specifying the proposed amount thereof, request (i) an increase in the Commitments under any Revolving Tranche (which shall be on the same terms as, and become part of, the Revolving Tranche proposed to be increased) (a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase ); provided that the aggregate of all Revolving Credit Commitment Increases may not exceed 10,000,000 (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be part of, and not in addition to, the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility), (ii) an increase in any Term Loan Tranche then outstanding (which shall be on the same terms as, and become part of, the Term Loan Tranche proposed to be increased hereunder (except as otherwise provided in clause (d) below with respect to amortization)) (each, a Term Commitment Increase ), and (iii) the addition of one or more new term loan facilities, in each case (each, a New Term Facility and any advance made by a Lender thereunder, a New Term Loan and the commitments thereof, the New Term Commitment and together with the Term Commitment Increase, the New Loan Commitments by an amount not to exceed the sum of (w) 25,000,000 (the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility provided , that the Blackstone Credit Representative 
 119 

shall be given the Right of First Refusal to provide such Cash-Capped Incremental Facility, (x) an unlimited amount (the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility so long as the Maximum Leverage Requirement is satisfied plus (y) an amount equal to all voluntary prepayments of pari passu Term Loans (including for the avoidance of doubt, any New Term Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and security with the Initial Term Loans) made pursuant to Section 2.05(a) and repurchases of pari passu Term Loans made pursuant to the terms hereof and voluntary prepayments of Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to Section 2.05(a) to the extent accompanied by a corresponding, permanent reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06(a), in each case, to the extent not funded with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than, to the extent funded with the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loans or any other revolving facility) (the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility (such sum, at any such time and subject to Section 1.02(i), the Incremental Amount minus (z) the outstanding principal balance of all loans and all unfunded commitments constituting part of the Incremental Equivalent Debt; provided , that the aggregate of all Revolving Credit Commitment Increases may not exceed 10,000,000; provided , further , that for purposes of any New Loan Commitments established pursuant to this Section 2.14 and Incremental Equivalent Debt issued pursuant to Section 2.15, (A) at the Borrower s option, the Borrower shall be deemed to have used amounts under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility (to the extent permitted thereby) prior to utilization of the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility and the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility, and the Borrower shall be deemed to have used the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility, if any, prior to utilization of the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility, (B) New Loan Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.14 and Incremental Equivalent Debt pursuant to Section 2.15 may be incurred under the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility, the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility and the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility, and proceeds from any such incurrence under the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility, the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility and the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility may be utilized in a single transaction or series of related transactions by first calculating the incurrence under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility (without inclusion of any amounts utilized pursuant to the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility or the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility) and then calculating the incurrence under the Prepayment- Based Incremental Facility (without inclusion of any amounts utilized pursuant to the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility) and then calculating the incurrence under the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility and (C) the Borrower may redesignate all or any portion of Indebtedness originally designated as incurred under the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility as having been incurred under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility so long as, at the time of such redesignation, the Borrower would be permitted to incur the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness being so redesignated under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall have the effect of reducing the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Cash-Capped Incremental Facility by the amount of such redesignated Indebtedness). The Borrower may designate any Incremental Arranger of any New Loan Commitments with such titles under the New Loan Commitments as Borrower may deem appropriate. 
 (b)	 Any Lender approached to participate in any New Loan Commitments or Revolving Credit Commitment Increase may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to participate in such increase or new facility. The Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees reasonably satisfactory to the Incremental Arranger and, solely in connection with a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase, with the consent of the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative, Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer (to the extent the consent of any of the foregoing would be required to assign Revolving Credit Loans to such Eligible Assignee, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement to this Agreement. Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent (in their respective capacities as such) shall be required to execute, accept or acknowledge any joinder agreement pursuant to this Section 2.14 and such execution shall not be required for any such joinder agreement to be effective (but a copy of such joinder shall be provided to the Administrative Agent); provided that, with respect to any New Loan Commitments, the Borrower must provide to the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent the documentation providing for such New Loan Commitments. 
 120 

Notwithstanding anything herein in the contrary, no Other Affiliate shall be permitted to provide any New Term Loan or New Term Commitment unless such Other Affiliate and such Indebtedness is subject to the provisions of Section 10.07(i) as if such Indebtedness had been assigned to such Other Affiliate. 
 
 (c)	 If (i) a Revolving Tranche or a Term Loan Tranche is increased in accordance with this Section 2.14 or (ii) a New Term Facility is added in accordance with this Section 2.14, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase or New Term Facility among the applicable Lenders. The Incremental Arranger shall promptly notify the applicable Lenders and the Administrative Agent of the final allocation of such increase or New Term Facility and the Increase Effective Date. In connection with (i) any increase in a Term Loan Tranche or (ii) any addition of a New Term Facility, in each case, pursuant to this Section 2.14, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended in a writing (which may be executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Incremental Arranger (and the Lenders hereby authorize any such Incremental Arranger and the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver any such documentation)) in order to establish the New Term Facility or to effectuate the increases to the Term Loan Tranche or Revolving Tranche and to reflect any technical changes necessary or appropriate to give effect to such increase or new facility in accordance with its terms as set forth herein. As of the Increase Effective Date, in the case of an increase to an existing Term Loan Tranche, any applicable amortization schedule for New Term Loans or Specified Refinancing Term Loans shall be amended in a writing (which may be executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Incremental Arranger (and the Lenders hereby authorize any such Incremental Arranger and the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver any such documentation)) to increase the then-remaining unpaid installments of principal by an aggregate amount equal to the additional Loans under such Term Loan Tranche being made on such date, such aggregate amount to be applied to increase such installments ratably in accordance with the amounts in effect immediately prior to the Increase Effective Date. 
 (d)	 With respect to any Revolving Credit Commitment Increase, Term Commitment Increase or addition of New Term Facility pursuant to this Section 2.14, (i) no Event of Default (subject to Section 1.02(i)) would exist after giving effect to such increase (except in connection with any acquisition or similar investment or Specified Change of Control transaction permitted under this Agreement, where no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) shall be the standard at the time of funding even in the case of the applicability of Section 1.02(i)); (ii) (A) in the case of any increase of the Revolving Tranche, the same terms and conditions, including the Maturity Date, amortization or mandatory commitment reductions prior to the Maturity Date, and documentation, applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility shall apply, (B) in the case of any increase of a Term Loan Tranche, the final maturity of the Term Loans, New Term Loans or Specified Refinancing Term Loans increased pursuant to this Section shall be no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date for, and such additional Loans shall not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the longest remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, any other outstanding Term Loans, New Term Loans or Specified Refinancing Term Loans, as applicable; provided, that Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt may have a maturity date earlier than the Latest Maturity Date of all then outstanding Term Loans and, with respect to Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt a, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity thereof may be shorter than the then longest remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then outstanding Term Loans, and (C) in the case of any New Term Facility, such New Term Facility shall have a final maturity no earlier than the then Latest Maturity Date of any Term Loan Tranche and the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such New Term Facility shall be no shorter than the then remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any existing Term Loan Tranche; provided, that Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt may have a maturity date earlier than the Latest Maturity Date of all then outstanding Term Loans and, with respect to Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt a, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity thereof may be shorter than the then longest remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then outstanding Term Loans; (iii) except with respect to All-in Yield and as set forth in subclause (B) above with respect to final maturity and Weighted Average Life to Maturity, or otherwise as shall be 
 121 

reasonably satisfactory to the Incremental Arranger, any such New Term Facility shall have the same terms as the Term Facility, respectively; provided , that (x) to the extent such terms (excluding pricing, which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any most favored nation pricing provisions) are more favorable to the existing Lenders than comparable terms existing in the Loan Documents, such terms may be, in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent, incorporated into this Agreement (or any other applicable Loan Document) for the benefit of all existing Lenders (to the extent applicable to such Lender) without further amendment requirements, including, for the avoidance of doubt, at the option of the Borrower, any increase in the Applicable Rate relating to any existing Term Facility to bring such Applicable Rate in line with the New Term Facility to achieve fungibility with such existing Term Facility and (y) otherwise, may be incorporated if reasonably satisfactory to the Incremental Arranger, the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent and (iv) to the extent reasonably requested by the Incremental Arranger or the Administrative Agent, the Incremental Arranger shall have received legal opinions, resolutions, officers certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date under Section 4.01 or delivered from time to time pursuant to Section 6.12, Section 6.14 and/or Section 6.16 with respect to the Borrower and each material Guarantor that is organized in a jurisdiction for which counsel to the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative or the Administrative Agent advises that such deliveries are reasonably necessary to preserve the Collateral in such jurisdiction (other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in Law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Incremental Arranger). Subject to the foregoing, the conditions precedent to each such increase or New Loan Commitment shall be agreed to by the Lenders providing such increase or New Loan Commitment, as applicable, and the Borrower. 
 (e)	 On the Increase Effective Date with respect to an increase to an existing Revolving Tranche, (x) each Revolving Credit Lender under such Revolving Tranche immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each Lender providing a portion of the increase to the Revolving Credit Commitments (each, a Revolving Commitment Increase Lender ), and each such Revolving Commitment Increase Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Revolving Credit Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding L/C Obligations relating to Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) under such Revolving Tranche such that, after giving effect to each such deemed assignment and assumption of participations, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding participations hereunder in L/C Obligations under such Revolving Tranche will equal the percentage of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments under such Revolving Tranche of all Revolving Credit Lenders represented by such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment under such Tranche and (y) if, on the date of such increase, there are any Revolving Credit Loans outstanding under such Revolving Tranche, such Revolving Credit Loans shall on or prior to the Increase Effective Date be prepaid from the proceeds of Revolving Credit Loans under such Revolving Tranche made hereunder so that the Revolving Credit Loans are thereafter held by the Revolving Credit Lenders according to their Pro Rata Shares (after giving effect to the increase in Revolving Commitments) (reflecting such increase in Revolving Credit Commitments), which prepayment shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the Revolving Credit Loans being prepaid and any costs incurred by any Lender in accordance with Section 3.06. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. The additional Term Loans made under the Term Loan Tranche subject to the increases shall be made by the applicable Lenders participating therein pursuant to the procedures set forth in Sections 2.01 and 2.02. The New Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase shall be subject to the prior agreement of the Lenders and Administrative Agent as to the treatment of such New Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable, under the Agreement Among Lenders. 
 122 

(f)	 (i) Any New Term Facility shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the other Facilities (subject to the Agreement Among Lenders), not be Guaranteed by any Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor under each of the other Facilities, and be unsecured, secured either on a pari passu basis with the other Facilities or on a junior basis with the other Facilities, in each case over the same (or less) Collateral that secures the Facilities (and in each case, such New Term Facility shall be subject to intercreditor arrangements that are reasonably satisfactory to the Ally Representative and the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent (and the Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to enter into any intercreditor arrangements that are reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative), including being made subject to the Agreement Among Lenders) but if unsecured or secured on a junior basis to the other Facilities, such New Term Facility shall be documented in a separate agreement than this Agreement, (ii) the New Term Facility shall, for purposes of prepayments, be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Term Facility unless the Borrower otherwise elects (but in any event no more favorably than the existing Term Loans), and (iii) with respect to any New Term Facility of like-currency, the All-in Yield payable by the Borrower applicable to such New Term Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such New Term Facility and shall not be more than 50 basis points higher than the corresponding All-in Yield payable by the Borrower for the Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans, unless the All-in Yield with respect to the Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans is increased to the amount necessary so that the difference between the All-in Yield with respect to such New Term Facility and the corresponding All-in Yield on the Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans is equal to 50 basis points; provided that, if such New Term Facility includes an interest rate floor greater than the floor applicable to the analogous existing Term Loan Tranche, such increased amount shall be equated to interest rate for purposes of determining the applicable interest rate under such New Term Facility, it being understood that in such circumstances, the interest rate floor applicable to the applicable Term Loan Tranche, and not the Applicable Rate, shall be increased. 
 (g)	 If the Incremental Arranger is not the Administrative Agent, the actions authorized to be taken by the Incremental Arranger herein shall be done in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative and, with respect to the preparation of any documentation necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this Section 2.14 (including amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), any comments to such documentation reasonably requested by the Blackstone Credit Representative shall be reflected therein. 
 Section 2.15.	 Incremental Equivalent Debt. 
 (a)	 Any Loan Party may from time to time after the Closing Date issue one or more series of senior secured, senior unsecured, senior subordinated, subordinated notes, loans or Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt (which notes, loans and/or Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, if secured, are secured by the Collateral on a first lien equal and ratable basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations or secured on a junior basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations; it being understood senior secured, pari passu term loans shall be incurred in reliance on Section 2.14) and guaranteed only by Loan Parties or entities who become Loan Parties (such notes, loans and/or Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, collectively, Incremental Equivalent Debt in an amount not to exceed the Incremental Amount (at the time of incurrence, subject to Section 1.02(i)) minus the outstanding principal balance of all loans and all unfunded commitments extended under Section 2.14; provided that (i) no Event of Default would exist after giving Pro Forma Effect to any such request, subject to Section 1.02(i), and (ii) any such incurrence of Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be in a minimum amount of the lesser of (x) 2, 500 , 000 and (y) the entire amount that may be requested under this Section 2.15 ; provided , further , that any New Loan Commitments established pursuant to Section 2.14 and Incremental Equivalent Debt issued pursuant to this Section 2.15 , (A) at the Borrower s option, will count, first, to reduce the amount available under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facilities (to the extent compliant therewith) and second, to reduce the 
 123 

amount available under the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facilities, (B) Incremental Equivalent Debt pursuant to this Section 2.15 may be incurred under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facilities and the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facilities, and proceeds from any such incurrence may be utilized in a single transaction or series of related transactions, at the Borrowers option, by first calculating the incurrence under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facilities (without inclusion of any amounts substantially concurrently utilized pursuant to the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility) and next, calculating the incurrence under the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility and (C) the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may redesignate all or any portion of Incremental Equivalent Debt originally designated as incurred under the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility as having been incurred under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility so long as, at the time of such redesignation, the Borrower would be permitted to incur the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt being so redesignated under the Ratio-Based Incremental Facility (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall have the effect of increasing the Prepayment-Based Incremental Facility, as applicable, by the Dollar amount of such redesignated Incremental Equivalent Debt). The Borrower may appoint any Person (other than the Borrower or an Affiliate thereof) as arranger of such Incremental Equivalent Debt (such Person (who may be the Administrative Agent, if it so agrees), the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger ). 
 (b)	 As a condition precedent to the incurrence of any Incremental Equivalent Debt pursuant to this Section 2.15 , (i) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not be Guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party or that does not become a Loan Party and shall not be secured by a lien on any assets of a Loan Party that is not part of the Collateral, (ii) be unsecured or secured either on a first lien equal and ratable basis with the other Facilities or on a junior basis with the other Facilities, in each case over the same (or less) Collateral that secures the Facilities, as applicable (and in each case, such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to intercreditor and/or subordination arrangements that are reasonably satisfactory to the Incremental Arranger and, if such Incremental Arranger is not the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Ally Representative and the Blackstone Credit Representative)), (iii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have a final maturity no earlier than the then Latest Maturity Date; provided , that Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, and customary escrow arrangements may have a maturity date earlier than the Latest Maturity Date, (iv) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not (A) be shorter than that of any then-existing Term Loan Tranche, or (B) to the extent unsecured, be subject to any amortization prior to the final maturity thereof, or be subject to any mandatory redemption or prepayment provisions or rights (except (x) customary assets sale, event of loss or similar event or change of control provisions and customary acceleration rights after an event of default , (y) special mandatory redemptions in connection with customary escrow arrangements or (z) so-called AHYDO payments); provided, that, with respect to Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity thereof may be shorter than the then longest remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then outstanding Term Loans, (v) such Incremental Equivalent Debt (other than any Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt) shall not be subject to any mandatory redemption or prepayment provisions or rights (except to the extent any such mandatory redemption or prepayment is required to be applied pro rata (or greater than pro rata) to the Term Loans and other Incremental Equivalent Debt that is secured on a pari passu basis with the First Out Loan Obligations), (vi) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is not, or would not be, subordinate in payment priority with the First Out Loan Obligations or is, or would be, secured by a Lien that is not subordinate to each Lien securing the First Out Loan Obligations, such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be made subject to the priorities and other terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and each holder of such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have become a party to the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and (vii) the covenants, events of default, guarantees, collateral and other terms (excluding pricing, which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any most favored nation pricing provisions) of such Incremental Equivalent Debt are customary for similar debt securities or loans in light of then-prevailing market 
 124 

conditions at the time of incurrence (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) (it being understood that (A) no Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of term loans or notes shall include any financial maintenance covenants, but that customary cross-acceleration provisions may be included and (B) any negative covenants with respect to indebtedness, investments, liens or restricted payments shall be incurrence-based; provided , that any such negative covenants applicable to Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt may be maintenance covenants) provided that, at the Borrower s option, delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger in good faith at least three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger) prior to the incurrence of such Incremental Equivalent Debt, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Incremental Equivalent Debt or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement set forth in this clause (b), shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such requirement unless the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger provides notice to the Borrower of its objection during such three Business Day period (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it objects)). Subject to the foregoing, the conditions precedent to each such incurrence shall be agreed to by the creditors providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt and the Borrower. 
 (c)	 The Lenders hereby authorize the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger to execute and deliver such amendments) to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Borrower as may be necessary in order to secure any Incremental Equivalent Debt with the Collateral and/or to make such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger and the Borrower in connection with the incurrence of such Incremental Equivalent Debt, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.15 . If the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger is not the Administrative Agent, the actions authorized to be taken by the Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger herein shall be done in consultation with the Administrative Agent and, with respect to applicable documentation (including amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), any comments to such documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent shall be reflected therein. 
 Section 2.16.	 Cash Collateral . 
 (a)	 Upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer (i) if the applicable L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing or (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrower shall, in each case, promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover 103 of the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover 103 of all Fronting Exposure of such Defaulting Lender after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender. 
 (b)	 All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing trust accounts at the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (or other financial institution selected by any of them). The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Lender, such Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of 
 125 

the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c). If at any time the Administrative Agent or the Blackstone Credit Representative determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent as herein provided or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the applicable Fronting Exposure and other obligations secured thereby, the Borrower and the relevant Defaulting Lender shall, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. 
 (c)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03, 2.05, 2.06, 2.17, 8.02 or 8.04 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein. 
 (d)	 Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to such release) or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.07(b)(viii))) or (ii) the Administrative Agent s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , (x) that Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of an Event of Default under Sections 8.01(a), (f) or (g) (and following application as provided in this Section 2.16 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.04) and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 Section 2.17.	 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
 (i)	 That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.01. 
 (ii)	 Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.09), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuers hereunder; third , if so reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent or reasonably requested by the any L/C Issuer, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined 
 126 

by the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or any L/C Issuer as a result of any non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any L/C Issuer against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Event of Default pursuant to Sections 8.01(a), (f) or (g) exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans or L/C Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Borrowings owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii)	 That Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit fees as provided in Section 2.03(h). 
 (iv)	 During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03, the Pro Rata Share of each Non-Defaulting Lender under a Revolving Tranche shall be determined without giving effect to the Commitment under such Revolving Tranche of that Defaulting Lender; provided that (i) each such reallocation shall be given effect unless an Event of Default exists; and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender under a Revolving Tranche to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit issued or arranged under such Revolving Tranche shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Commitment under such Revolving Tranche of that Non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans under such Revolving Tranche of that Revolving Credit Lender. 
 (b)	 If the Borrower, the Blackstone Credit Representative and each L/C Issuer agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Blackstone Credit Representative shall direct the Administrative Agent to so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the applicable Lenders in accordance with their ratable shares (without giving effect to the application of Section 2.17(a)(iv)) in respect of that Lender, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided further , that except to the extent 
 127 

otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 Section 2.18.	 Specified Refinancing Debt . 
 (a)	 The Borrower may, from time to time after the Closing Date, add one or more new term loan facilities and new revolving credit facilities to the Facilities Specified Refinancing Debt and the commitments in respect of such new term facilities, the Specified Refinancing Term Commitment and the commitments in respect of such new revolving credit facilities, the Specified Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to procedures reasonably specified by any Person (other than the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower) selected and appointed by the Borrower, after consultation with the Administrative Agent, as agent under such Specified Refinancing Debt (such Person (who may be the Administrative Agent, if it so agrees), the Specified Refinancing Agent ), to refinance (i) subject to the Agreement Among Lenders, all or any portion of any Term Loan Tranches then outstanding under this Agreement and (ii) all or any portion of any Revolving Tranches then in effect under this Agreement, in each case pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment; provided that such Specified Refinancing Debt: (i) will rank pari passu in right of payment as the other Loans and Commitments hereunder; (ii) will not have obligors other than the Loan Parties or entities who shall have become Loan Parties (it being understood that the roles of such obligors as borrower or guarantors with respect to such obligations may be interchanged); (iii) will be (x) unsecured or (y) subject to the Agreement Among Lenders, secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Obligations or on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Obligations (in each case pursuant to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement) but if unsecured or secured on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Obligations, such Specified Refinancing Debt shall be documented in a separate agreement than this Agreement, and if secured, the security shall be the same (or less) Collateral that secures the Facilities; (iv) will have such pricing and optional prepayment terms as may be agreed by the Borrower and the applicable Lenders thereof; (v) (x) to the extent constituting revolving credit facilities, will not have a maturity date (or have mandatory commitment reductions or amortization) that is prior to the scheduled Maturity Date of the Revolving Tranche being refinanced and (y) to the extent constituting term loan facilities, will have a maturity date that is not prior to the date that is 91 days after the scheduled Maturity Date of, and will have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is not shorter than the then remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Term Loans being refinanced; provided, that Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt may have a maturity date earlier than the Latest Maturity Date of all then outstanding Term Loans and, with respect to Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity thereof may be shorter than the then longest remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then outstanding Term Loans; (vi) any Specified Refinancing Term Loans shall share ratably or less than ratably in any prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05; (vii) if any Specified Refinancing Debt is not, or would not be, subordinate in payment priority with the First Out Loan Obligations or is, or would be, secured by a Lien that is not subordinate to each Lien securing the First Out Loan Obligations, such Specified Refinancing Debt shall be made subject to the priorities and other terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and each holder of such Specified Refinancing Debt shall have become a party to the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative); (viii) subject to clauses (iv) and (v) above, will have terms and conditions (excluding pricing, which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, any most favored nation pricing provisions and optional prepayment or redemption terms) that are substantially identical to, or less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the lenders providing such Specified Refinancing Debt than, the terms and conditions of the Facilities and Loans being refinanced (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such requirement unless the Specified Refinancing Agent provides notice to the Borrower of an objection (including a reasonable description of 
 128 

the basis upon which it objects) within five Business Days after being notified of such determination by the Borrower); and (ix) the Net Cash Proceeds of such Specified Refinancing Debt shall be applied, substantially concurrently with the incurrence thereof, to the pro rata prepayment of outstanding Loans being so refinanced (and, in the case of Revolving Credit Loans, a corresponding amount of Revolving Credit Commitments shall be permanently reduced), in each case pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(iii) or Section 2.06(b)(ii), as applicable, and the payment of fees, expenses and premiums, if any, payable in connection therewith; provided however , that such Specified Refinancing Debt (x) may provide for any additional or different financial or other covenants or other provisions that (1) are agreed among the Borrower and the Lenders thereof and applicable only during periods after the then Latest Maturity Date in effect or (2) are, in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Administrative Agent, incorporated into this Agreement (or any other applicable Loan Document) for the benefit of all existing Lenders (to the extent applicable to such Lender) without further amendment requirements and (y) shall not have a principal or commitment amount (or accreted value) greater than the Loans being refinanced (plus an amount equal to accrued interest, fees, discounts, premiums and expenses). Any Lender approached to provide all or a portion of any Specified Refinancing Debt may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Specified Refinancing Debt. Subject to the consent of the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer in the case of Specified Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments (to the extent the consent of any of the foregoing would be required to assign Revolving Credit Loans to such Eligible Assignee, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the Borrower may invite any Eligible Assignees to become Lenders in respect of such Specified Refinancing Debt (which to the extent not then a Lender, shall become a Lender pursuant to a joinder agreement to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Specified Refinancing Agent and shall join as a party to the Agreement Among Lenders). 
 (b)	 The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 2.18 and other conditions as are mutually agreed with the participating Lenders providing such Specified Refinancing Debt and to the extent reasonably requested by the Specified Refinancing Agent, receipt by the Specified Refinancing Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions, officers certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements with respect to the Borrower and the Guarantors, including any supplements or amendments to the Collateral Documents providing for such Specified Refinancing Debt to be secured thereby, consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date under Section 4.01 or delivered from time to time pursuant to Section 6.12, 6.14 and/or Section 6.16 (other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in Law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Specified Refinancing Agent). The Lenders hereby authorize the Specified Refinancing Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Borrower as may be necessary in order to establish new Tranches of Specified Refinancing Debt and to make such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Tranches, in each case on terms consistent with and/or to effect the provisions of this Section 2.18. 
 (c)	 Each class of Specified Refinancing Debt incurred under this Section 2.18 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (x) not less 5,000,000 and (y) an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Any Refinancing Amendment may provide for the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower in respect of a Revolving Tranche pursuant to any revolving credit facility established thereby, in each case on terms substantially equivalent to the terms applicable to Letters of Credit under the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 (d)	 The Specified Refinancing Agent shall promptly notify each Lender and the Administrative Agent (to the extent the Administrative Agent is not the Specified Refinancing Agent) as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the 
 129 

effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Specified Refinancing Debt incurred pursuant thereto (including the addition of such Specified Refinancing Debt as separate Facilities hereunder and treated in a manner consistent with the Facilities being refinanced, including for purposes of prepayments and voting). Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any Person other than the Borrower, the Specified Refinancing Agent and the Lenders providing such Specified Refinancing Debt, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Specified Refinancing Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of or consistent with this Section 2.18. In addition, if so provided in the relevant Refinancing Amendment and with the consent of each L/C Issuer, participations in Letters of Credit expiring on or after the scheduled Maturity Date in respect of a Revolving Tranche shall be reallocated from Lenders holding Revolving Credit Commitments to Lenders holding extended revolving commitments in accordance with the terms of such Refinancing Amendment; provided , however , that such participation interests shall, upon receipt thereof by the relevant Lenders holding extended revolving commitments, be deemed to be participation interests in respect of such extended revolving commitments and the terms of such participation interests (including the commission applicable thereto) shall be adjusted accordingly. If the Specified Refinancing Agent is not the Administrative Agent, the actions authorized to be taken by the Specified Refinancing Agent herein shall be done in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent and, with respect to the preparation of any documentation necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this Section 2.18 (including amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), any comments to such documentation reasonably requested by the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent shall be reflected therein. 
 ARTICLE III. Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 
 Section 3.01.	 Taxes . 
 (a)	 Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from or in respect of any such payment, then the Borrower, the other applicable Loan Party, Administrative Agent or other applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by the Borrower or other applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all such deductions or withholdings for Indemnified Taxes have been made (including such deductions and withholdings for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b)	 In addition but without duplication, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c)	 The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within 30 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were 
 130 

correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability (together with a reasonable explanation thereof) delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d)	 Within 30 days after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.01, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e)	 If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.01 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall promptly repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this clause (e) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (e), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this clause (e) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This clause (e) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (f)	 Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.01(a) or (c) or Section 3.05 with respect to such Lender it will, if requested by the Borrower, use commercially reasonable efforts (subject to such Lender s overall internal policies of general application and legal and regulatory restrictions) to avoid or reduce to the greatest extent possible any indemnification or additional amounts being due under this Section 3.01 or Section 3.05, including to designate another Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event; provided that such efforts are made on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Lending Office(s) to suffer no material economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage; and provided further that nothing in this Section 3.01(f) shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Sections 3.01(a) and (c) and Section 3.05. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender as a result of a request by the Borrower under this Section 3.01(f). 
 (g)	 (i) Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to any payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Recipient, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine 
 131 

whether or not such Recipient is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in clauses (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) of this Section 3.01(g)) shall not be required if in the Recipient s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Recipient to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal position of such Recipient. 
 (ii)	 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A)	 any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) executed originals of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding; 
 (B)	 any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 (a)	 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax; 
 (b)	 executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor form); 
 (c)	 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and that no payments in connection with any Loan Document are effectively connected with such Lender s conduct of a U.S. trade or business (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form); or 
 (d)	 to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (e.g., where the Foreign Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender), executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender 
 132 

shall provide a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (C)	 any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; 
 (D)	 if a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan Document would be subject to Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender or the Administrative Agent were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Recipient has complied with such Recipient obligations under FATCA and, if necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement; and 
 (E)	 the Administrative Agent, and any successor or supplemental Administrative Agent, shall deliver to the Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent becomes the administrative agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower) executed originals of either (i) IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) or (ii) if the Administrative Agent is not a U.S. Person, a U.S. branch withholding certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor form) evidencing its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a U.S. Person (with respect to amounts received on account of any Lender) and IRS Form W-8ECI (with respect to amounts received on its own account), with the effect that, in either case, under applicable Law in effect on the Closing Date, the Borrower will be entitled to make payments hereunder to the Administrative Agent without withholding or deduction on account of U.S. federal withholding Tax. 
 Each Recipient agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly update and deliver such form or certification to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 3.01(g), a Recipient shall not be required to deliver any documentation that such Recipient is not legally eligible to deliver. 
 133 

Each Recipient hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Loan Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such Recipient to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.01(g). 
 (h)	 The agreements in this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 (i)	 For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lender shall, for purposes of this Section 3.01, include any L/C Issuer, and the term applicable Law includes FATCA. 
 Section 3.02.	 [Reserved] . 
 Section 3.03.	 Illegality. Subject to Section 3.04, if any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans, the interest rate on which is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or convert all of such Lender s SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or promptly after such demand, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted and all amounts due, if any, in connection with such prepayment or conversion under Section 3.06. Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 
 Section 3.04.	 Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (a)	If the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (with notice to the Administrative Agent) reasonably determine (which determination, in each case, shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that for any reason, (x) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan, or a conversion to Term SOFR or a continuation thereof for any requested Interest Period or (y) that in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain SOFR Loans in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of Adjusted Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the 
 134 

Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein, provided that, upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.06. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) will have the right to make SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes from time to time in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (and the Lenders hereby (A) authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to implement such SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes and execute and deliver any such amendment, in each case in which the Blackstone Representative has provided a written direction to the Administrative Agent and (B) acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all of the exculpations, protections and indemnifications provided for in this Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent in implementing any such SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes and in executing and delivering any such amendment). 
 (b)	Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, if at any time an event specified in Section 3.04(a) or a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, then the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) and the Borrower may establish an alternate benchmark floating rate of interest to the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or the then-current Benchmark) that is a Benchmark Replacement, and may enter into an amendment to this Agreement (the Benchmark Replacement Amendment to reflect such Benchmark Replacement and such other related changes to this Agreement with respect thereto as may be applicable in their discretion (in the case of the Administrative Agent, acting at the direction of the Blackstone Representative), including provisions for the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to allow for the adoption (without further amendment) of a term structure and any SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes (and the Lenders hereby (A) authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to implement such SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes and other provisions, and execute and deliver any such amendment, in each case in which the Blackstone Representative has provided a written direction to the Administrative Agent and (B) acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all of the exculpations, protections and indemnifications provided for in this Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent in implementing any such SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes and other provisions and in executing and delivering any such amendment); provided, that any Benchmark Replacement implemented pursuant to this Section 3.04 shall only be implemented to the extent it is commercially practicable for the Administrative Agent to administer (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Benchmark Replacement Amendment (i) shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement and (ii) may designate the timing of effectiveness of the Benchmark Replacement (including pursuant to the occurrence of identified conditions). 
 (c)	If an event specified in Section 3.04(a) or a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred and there is not a Benchmark Replacement, then the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) and the Borrower may establish an alternate benchmark floating term rate of interest to the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or the then-current Benchmark) that is not a Benchmark Replacement, which may include a spread or method for determining a spread or other adjustments or modifications (including to make appropriate adjustments to (i) preserve pricing in effect at the time of selection of such new rate and (ii) for the duration and time for determination of such rate in relation to any applicable Interest Period), and enter into a Benchmark Replacement Amendment to reflect such alternate rate of interest, which amendment shall become effective within five (5) Business Days of the date that 
 135 

notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders unless prior to the end of such five (5) Business Day period the Administrative Agent receives a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to such alternate rate of interest (the Alternative Benchmark Rate ); provided that any Alternative Benchmark Rate implemented pursuant to this paragraph shall only be implemented to the extent it is commercially practicable for the Administrative Agent to administer (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). For the avoidance of doubt, if any such alternate rate of interest (including any spread or other adjustment or modification) determined pursuant to this paragraph would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (d)	Following the effectiveness of the Benchmark Replacement or the Benchmark Replacement Amendment, if any Benchmark Transition Event occurs with respect to the Benchmark Replacement or the Benchmark Replacement or the Alternative Benchmark Rate identified in such Benchmark Replacement Amendment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any change in or alternative to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or any change in or alternative to a compounded or term methodology for calculating such benchmark), then the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative) and the Borrower may enter into an additional Benchmark Replacement Amendment to reflect another Benchmark Replacement without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or to reflect an Alternative Benchmark Rate, which amendment, for the avoidance of doubt, shall become effective within five (5) Business Days of the date that notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, unless prior to the end of such five (5) Business Day period the Administrative Agent receives a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to such alternate rate of interest; provided that, with respect to any such additional Benchmark Replacement Amendment to reflect another Benchmark Replacement, the Required Lenders shall (i) not be entitled to object to any such Benchmark Replacement based on SOFR contained in such additional Benchmark Replacement Amendment and (ii) only be entitled to object to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustments with respect thereto (and the Lenders hereby (A) authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver any such amendment and implement any and all changes relating to such other Benchmark Replacement, in each case in which the Blackstone Representative has provided a written direction to the Administrative Agent and (B) acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all of the exculpations, protections and indemnifications provided for in this Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent in executing and delivering any such amendment and implementing any and all changes relating to such other Benchmark Replacement). 
 (e)	Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if at any time (x) an event specified in Section 3.04(a) has occurred or (y) upon the commencement of any other Benchmark Unavailability Period, and in each case, a Benchmark Replacement or other alternative has not been implemented in accordance with Section 3.04(b), Section 3.04(c) or Section 3.04(d), as applicable, by the end of the then current Interest Period, any outstanding affected Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of such Interest Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 (f)	The Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of Term SOFR (or any other applicable benchmark), or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of (except as 
 136 

directed by the Blackstone Representative or Required Lenders, as applicable), any termination date relating to Term SOFR, (ii) to select determine or designate any alternative rate, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any other modifier to any alternative rate or (iv) to determine whether or what alternative rate changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of Term SOFR (or any other applicable benchmark) and absence of a designated replacement benchmark, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of the Blackstone Representative or Required Lenders in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to any alternate replacement index to Term SOFR, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternate replacement index to Term SOFR will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, Term SOFR or have the same volume or liquidity as did Term SOFR prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. 
 Section 3.05.	 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy and Liquidity Requirements . 
 (a)	 If any Lender reasonably determines that as a result of the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any Law, in each case after the date hereof, or such Lender s compliance therewith, there shall be any material increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or (as the case may be) issuing, arranging or participating in Letters of Credit, or a material reduction in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with any of the foregoing (including Taxes on or in respect of its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, but excluding for purposes of this Section 3.05(a) any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from (i) Indemnified Taxes indemnifiable under Section 3.01 and (ii) Excluded Taxes), then within 15 days after demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail such increased costs (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.07), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction. 
 (b)	 If any Lender reasonably determines that the introduction of any Law regarding capital adequacy and liquidity requirements or any change therein or in the interpretation thereof, in each case after the date hereof, or compliance by such Lender (or its Lending Office) therewith, has the effect of materially reducing the rate of return on the capital of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of such Lender s obligations hereunder (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity and such Lender s desired return on capital), then within 15 days after demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate of return (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.07), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction. 
 (c)	 The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves or liquidity with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Term SOFR Reference Rate funds or deposits, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each SOFR Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves or liquidity allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error), 
 137 

and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any liquidity requirement, reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the SOFR Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan; provided the Borrower shall have received at least 15 days prior written notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or cost from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give written notice fifteen days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or cost shall be due and payable 15 days from receipt of such written notice. 
 (d)	 For purposes of this Section 3.05, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (other than foreign regulatory authorities in Switzerland), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to have gone into effect after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 (e)	 A Lender shall not be entitled to any compensation pursuant to the foregoing sections to the extent such Lender is not imposing such charges or requesting such compensation from borrowers (similarly situated to the Borrower hereunder) under comparable syndicated credit facilities. 
 Section 3.06.	 Funding Losses. Upon written demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for calculating such compensation, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
 (a)	 any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
 (b)	 any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan or pursuant to a conditional notice) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any SOFR Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or 
 (c)	 any mandatory assignment of such Lender s SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 3.08 on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loans, including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained (but excluding anticipated profits). The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 Section 3.07.	 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation . 
 (a)	 A certificate of any Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this Article III and setting forth in reasonable detail a calculation of the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, such Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. With respect to any Lender s claim for 
 138 

compensation under Section 3.03, 3.04 or 3.05, the Loan Parties shall not be required to compensate such Lender for any amount incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the event that gives rise to such claim; provided that, if the circumstance giving rise to such claim is retroactive, then such 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 (b)	 If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.05, or the Borrower are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.03, then such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, will, if requested by the Borrower and at the Borrower s expense, use commercially reasonable efforts to designate another Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event; provided that such efforts (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01, 3.03 or 3.05, as applicable, in the future and (ii) would not, in the judgment of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, be inconsistent with the internal policies of, or otherwise be disadvantageous in any material legal, economic or regulatory respect to such Lender or its Lending Office or such L/C Issuer. The provisions of this clause (b) shall not affect or postpone any Obligations of the Borrower or rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.05. 
 (c)	 If any Lender requests compensation by the Borrower under Section 3.05, the Borrower may, by notice to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR Loans from one Interest Period to another, or to convert Base Rate Loans into SOFR Loans, until the event or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 3.07(e) shall be applicable); provided that such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested. 
 (d)	 If the obligation of any Lender to make or continue from one Interest Period to another any SOFR Loan, or to convert Base Rate Loans into SOFR Loans shall be suspended pursuant to Section 3.03, 3.04, 3.05 or 3.07(c) hereof, such Lender s SOFR Loans shall be automatically converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day(s) of the then current Interest Period(s) for such SOFR Loans (or, in the case of an immediate conversion required by Section 3.03, on such earlier date as required by Law) and, unless and until such Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in Section 3.03, 3.04 or 3.05 hereof that gave rise to such conversion no longer exist: 
 (i)	 to the extent that such Lender s SOFR Loans have been so converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise be applied to such Lender s SOFR Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans; and 
 (ii)	 all Loans that would otherwise be made or continued from one Interest Period to another by such Lender as SOFR Loans shall be made or continued instead as Base Rate Loans, and all Base Rate Loans of such Lender that would otherwise be converted into SOFR Loans shall remain as Base Rate Loans. 
 (e)	 If any Lender gives notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section 3.03, 3.04 or 3.05 hereof that gave rise to the conversion of such Lender s SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section 3.07 no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when SOFR Loans made by other Lenders are outstanding, such Lender s Base Rate Loans shall be automatically converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding SOFR Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding SOFR Loans and by such Lender are held pro 
 139 

rata (as to principal amounts, interest rate basis, and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 (f)	 A Lender shall not be entitled to any compensation pursuant to the foregoing sections to the extent such Lender is not imposing such charges or requesting such compensation from borrowers (similarly situated to the Borrower hereunder) under comparable syndicated credit facilities. 
 Section 3.08.	 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances . 
 (a)	 If at any time (i) the Borrower becomes obligated to pay additional amounts or indemnity payments described in Section 3.01 or 3.05 (other than with respect to Other Taxes) as a result of any condition described in such Sections or any Lender ceases to make SOFR Loans as a result of any condition described in Section 3.03 or 3.04, (ii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or (iii) any Lender becomes a Non-Consenting Lender (as defined below in this Section 3.08) (collectively, a Replaceable Lender ), then the Borrower may, on three Business Days prior written notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and such Lender (for the avoidance of doubt, such notice shall be deemed provided on the same day that an amendment or waiver is posted to Lenders for consent), either (i) replace such Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign pursuant to Section 10.07(b) (with the processing and recordation fee to be paid by the Borrower in such instance unless waived by the Administrative Agent) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (or, in the case of a Non-Consenting Lender, all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Facility or Facilities for which its consent is required) to one or more Eligible Assignees; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender or other such Person or (ii) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, terminate the Commitment of such Lender or L/C Issuer or prepay the Loans, as the case may be, and (1) in the case of a Lender (other than an L/C Issuer), repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing (and the amount of all accrued interest and fees in respect thereof) to such Lender relating to the Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date and (2) in the case of an L/C Issuer, repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such L/C Issuer relating to the Loans and participations held by such L/C Issuer as of such termination date and Cash Collateralize any Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) by it; provided that (i) in the case of any such replacement of, or termination of Commitments with respect to a Non-Consenting Lender such replacement or termination shall be sufficient (together with all other consenting Lenders including any other Replaceable Lender) to cause the adoption of the applicable modification, waiver or amendment of the Loan Documents and (ii) in the case of any such replacement as a result of the Borrower having become obligated to pay amounts described in Section 3.01 or 3.05, such replacement would eliminate or reduce payments pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.05, as applicable, in the future. Any Lender being replaced pursuant to this Section 3.08(a) shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Lender s Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and (ii) deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower (for return to the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent. Pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, (A) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as the case may be, of the assigning Lender s Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations, (B) all Obligations relating to the Loans and participations (and the amount of all accrued interest, fees and premiums in respect thereof) so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender to such assigning Lender concurrently with such assignment and assumption and (C) upon such payment and, if so requested by the assignee Lender, the assigning Lender shall deliver to the assignee Lender the applicable Note or Notes executed by the Borrower, the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning Lender. In connection with any such replacement, if any such Replaceable Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly executed Assignment and Assumption reflecting such 
 140 

replacement within two Business Days of the date on which the assignee Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption to such Replaceable Lender, then such Replaceable Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption without any action on the part of the Replaceable Lender. In connection with the replacement of any Lender pursuant to this Section 3.08(a), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such amounts as may be required pursuant to Section 3.06. 
 (b)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, (i) any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time that it has any Letters of Credit outstanding hereunder unless such Letters of Credit have been Cash Collateralized and (ii) the Lender, if any, that acts as the Administrative Agent (if any) may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.09. 
 (c)	 In the event that (i) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested the Lenders to consent to a waiver of any provisions of the Loan Documents or to agree to any amendment or other modification thereto, (ii) the waiver, amendment or modification in question requires the agreement of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 or all the Lenders with respect to a certain class of the Loans and (iii) the Required Lenders have agreed to such waiver, amendment or modification, then any Lender who does not agree to such waiver, amendment or modification, in each case, shall be deemed a Non-Consenting Lender provided , that the term Non-Consenting Lender shall also include any Lender that rejects (or is deemed to reject) (x) a loan modification offer under Section 10.01, which loan modification has been accepted by at least the Majority Lenders of the respective Tranche of Loans whose Loans and/or Commitments are to be extended pursuant to such loan modification and (y) any Lender that does not elect to become a lender in respect of any Specified Refinancing Debt pursuant to Section 2.18. 
 (d)	 Survival. All of the Loan Parties obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, any assignment by or replacement of a Lender and any resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE IV. Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions 
 Section 4.01.	 Conditions to the Initial Credit Extension on the Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction or due waiver in accordance with Section 10.01 of each of the following conditions precedent, except as otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the Required Lenders: 
 (a)	 The Administrative Agent, the Ally Representative and the Blackstone Credit Representative shall have received all of the following, each of which shall be originals or facsimiles or pdf files unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated as of the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, as of a recent date before the Closing Date), each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative, and each accompanied by their respective required schedules and other attachments (and set forth thereon shall be all required information with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, giving effect to the Transactions): 
 (i)	 executed counterparts of (A) this Agreement from Holdings and the Borrower, (B) the Holdings Guaranty from Holdings, (C) the Subsidiary Guaranty from the Subsidiary Guarantors, (D) the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, (E) the perfection certificate and (F) the Fee Letters; 
 141 

(ii)	 the Security Agreement, duly executed by the Borrower and each Guarantor, together with (subject to the last paragraph of this Section 4.01): 
 (1)	 certificates, if any, representing the Pledged Interests, to the extent received by the Borrower after Borrower s use of commercially reasonable efforts to receive such certificates or otherwise without undue burden or expense, in each wholly owned Subsidiary other than Immaterial Subsidiaries, accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank (or stock transfer forms, as applicable) and instruments evidencing the Pledged Debt indorsed in blank (or instrument of transfer, as applicable) shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent, 
 (2)	 copies of proper financing statements, filed or duly prepared for filing under the Uniform Commercial Code in all United States jurisdictions that the Blackstone Credit Representative may deem reasonably necessary in order to perfect and protect the Liens on assets of the Borrower and each Guarantor created under the Security Agreement, covering the Collateral described in the Security Agreement, and 
 (3)	 evidence that all other actions, recordings and filings of or with respect to the Security Agreement that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in order to perfect and protect the Liens created thereby (subject to the Perfection Exceptions) shall have been taken, completed or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative (including receipt of duly executed payoff letters, customary lien searches and UCC-3 termination statements); 
 (iii)	 an Intellectual Property Security Agreement, duly executed by each Loan Party that owns intellectual property that is required to be pledged in accordance with the Security Agreement; 
 (iv)	 a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note reasonably in advance of the Closing Date; 
 (v)	 a Committed Loan Notice, to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Ally Representative and the Blackstone Credit Representative at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, relating to the initial Credit Extension; 
 (vi)	 a solvency certificate executed by the chief financial officer or similar officer, director or authorized signatory of the Borrower (after giving effect to the Transactions) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G ; 
 (vii)	 such documents and certifications (including Organization Documents and, if applicable, good standing certificates) as the Blackstone Credit Representative may reasonably require to evidence (A) the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer of the Loan Parties acting as such in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) that the Borrower and each Guarantor is duly organized or formed, and that each of them is validly existing and, to the extent applicable, in good standing, except to the extent that failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (viii)	 a customary legal opinion of (A) Latham Watkins, special New York counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors, addressed to each Secured Party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative and (B) if applicable, local counsel 
 142 

reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative in each jurisdiction where any of the Loan Parties is incorporated or organized, addressed to each Secured Party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative; and 
 (b)	 The Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent shall have received unaudited consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2020. 
 (c)	 The Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall have received from the Borrower and the Guarantors all documentation and other information reasonably requested in writing at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date by the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent as they reasonably determine is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent shall otherwise agree). 
 (d)	 The Refinancing shall have been, or shall concurrently with the initial funding of the Facilities be, consummated. 
 (e)	 All fees required to be paid on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement, the Fee Letters and any other arrangements with the Administrative Agent and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses required to be paid on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement or any other written agreement with Blackstone Credit, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such later date as the Borrower may reasonably agree) shall have been paid (which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans). 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender as of the Closing Date shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 Section 4.02.	 Conditions to All Credit Extensions after the Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of SOFR Loans and other than a Request for Credit Extension in connection with an Incremental Amendment, which shall be governed by Section 2.14(d)) after the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction or due waiver of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a)	 Subject in the case of any Borrowing in connection with a New Loan Commitment to the provisions in Section 1.02(i), the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects to the extent any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects to the extent any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05(a) and 5.05(b) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements furnished pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and (b), respectively, prior to such proposed Credit Extension. 
 143 

(b)	 Subject in the case of any Borrowing in connection with a New Loan Commitment to the provisions in Section 1.02(i), no Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. 
 (c)	 The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof and, in the case of the borrowing of a Delayed Draw Term Loan, such Request for Credit Extension shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders holding Delayed Draw Commitments at least ten (10) Business Days prior to such date of Borrowing. 
 (d)	 In the case of any Borrowing of any Delayed Draw Term Loan, immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis and subject to the provisions in Section 1.02(i), the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 5.00 to 1.00. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of SOFR Loans and other than a Request for Credit Extension in connection with an Incremental Amendment) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied (unless waived) on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 ARTICLE V. Representations and Warranties 
 Each of Holdings and the Borrower, on the Closing Date and at the time of each Credit Extension, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and the Lenders that: 
 Section 5.01.	 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries (subject, in the case of clause (c), to the Legal Reservations and Section 5.03) (a) is a Person duly organized, formed or incorporated, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is duly qualified and is authorized to do business and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification and (d) has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to operate its business as currently conducted; except in each case referred to in clause (a) (other than with respect to the Borrower), (b)(i), (b)(ii) (other than with respect to the Borrower), (c) and (d), to the extent that any failure to be so or to have such could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.02.	 Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party, are within such Loan Party s corporate or other powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action and do not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents or (b) violate any Law; except to the extent that such violation could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.03.	 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, performance by, or 
 144 

enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for the consummation of the Transactions, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents or (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents, except for (w) filings and registrations necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties consisting of UCC financing statements, filings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or the United States Copyright Office (if there are any patents, registered trademarks, registered copyrights, or applications for any of the foregoing) and Mortgages, and, (x) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, (y) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings set out in the Collateral Documents and (z) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.04.	 Binding Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party (subject, in each case, to the Legal Reservations and Section 5.03) that is party thereto. Subject to the Legal Reservations, this Agreement and each other Loan Document constitutes, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms. 
 Section 5.05.	 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. 
 (a)	 The audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 
 (b)	 The unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(b) (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject to the absence of footnotes and to normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c)	 Since the Closing Date, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d)	 The consolidated forecasted balance sheets, statements of operations and income (loss) of the Borrower (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were reasonable in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts; it being understood that no assurance can be given that any particular projections will be realized, actual results may vary from such forecasts and that such variations may be material. 
 145 

Section 5.06.	 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, Proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or against any of their properties or revenues that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect other than those disclosed in Schedule 5.06 . 
 Section 5.07.	 Use of Proceeds. The Borrower (a) will only use the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans to finance the Transactions and pay Transaction Costs (including paying any fees, commissions and expenses associated therewith); (b) [reserved]; (c) will only use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loans to finance the working capital needs of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including acquisitions and other Investments permitted hereunder), provided only up to 10,000,000 of Revolving Credit Loans may be requested and used on the Closing Date; (d) will only use the proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loans to repay Indebtedness of the Parent existing on the Closing Date and finance acquisitions and other Investments (other than in cash and Cash Equivalents) permitted hereunder (including paying any fees, costs, commissions and expenses related thereto or in connection therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any earn-out obligations related to or in connection with such acquisitions or Investments and repayment of Revolving Credit Facility draws in connection with all of the foregoing)); (e) the Letters of Credit issued on the Closing Date in replacement of, or as a backstop for, letters of credit of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries outstanding on the Closing Date; and (f) will use the Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) and the proceeds of all other Borrowings made after the Closing Date to finance the working capital needs of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, and for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including acquisitions and other Investments permitted hereunder). 
 Section 5.08.	 Ownership of Property; Liens . 
 (a)	 Each Loan Party and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has fee simple or other comparable valid title to, or leasehold or subleasehold, as applicable, interests in, all real property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of all Liens except for minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes and Liens permitted by Section 7.02, except where the failure to have such title or interests could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the use or operation of any Material Real Property or any real property necessary for the ordinary conduct of the Borrower s business, taken as a whole. 
 (b)	 Set forth on Schedule 5.08(b) hereto is a complete and accurate list, in all material respects, of all Material Real Property owned by any Loan Party as of the Closing Date, showing as of the Closing Date, the street address (to the extent available), county or other relevant jurisdiction, state and record owner; and as of the Closing Date, no Loan Party owns any Material Real Property except as listed on Schedule 5.08(b) . 
 Section 5.09.	 Environmental Compliance. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 
 (a)	 The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective operations and properties are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits and none of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries are subject to any Environmental Liability. 
 (b)	 (i) None of the properties currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is listed or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, proposed for listing on the NPL or on 
 146 

the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or local list, (ii) there is no asbestos or asbestos-containing material on any property currently owned or operated by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries requiring investigation, remediation, mitigation, removal, or assessment, or other response, remedial or corrective action, pursuant to any Environmental Law and (iii) Hazardous Materials have not been Released and there exists no threat of Release of Hazardous Materials on any property currently or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, except for such Releases or threats of Releases that were in compliance with, or would not reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under, Environmental Laws. 
 (c)	 None of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries is undertaking, and none has completed, either individually or together with other potentially responsible parties, any investigation, remediation, mitigation, removal, assessment or remedial, response or corrective action relating to any actual or threatened release, discharge or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law. 
 (d)	 All Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries have been disposed of in a manner not reasonably expected to result in liability to the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 (e)	 None of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries has received a notice of or is subject to any claim, action, proceeding or suit alleging liability pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Section 5.10.	 Taxes. Holdings, the Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries have filed or have caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Taxes (including in its capacity as a withholding agent) levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those (a) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (b) with respect to which the failure to make such filing or payment would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.11.	 Employee Benefits Plans . 
 (a)	 Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other applicable federal and state laws and (ii) each Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code may rely upon an opinion letter for a prototype plan or has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter will be submitted to the IRS within the applicable required time period with respect thereto or is currently being processed by the IRS, and to the knowledge of any Loan Party, nothing has occurred that would prevent, or cause the loss of, such tax-qualified status. 
 (b)	 Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Foreign Plan is in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable thereto and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such plan and (ii) with respect to each Foreign Plan, none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, 
 147 

officers, employees or agents has engaged in a transaction that could subject the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to any tax or civil penalty. 
 (c)	 There are no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 or 407 of ERISA (and not otherwise exempt under Section 408 of ERISA) with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d)	 (i) No ERISA Event has occurred and neither any Loan Party nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (ii) each Loan Party and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under such Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained, (iii) there exists no Unfunded Pension Liability, (iv) as of the most recent valuation date for any Plan, the present value of all accrued benefits under such Plan (based on the actuarial assumptions used to fund such Plan) did not exceed the value of the assets of such Plan allocable to such accrued benefits, (v) neither any Loan Party nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) for any Plan, if applicable, to drop below 80 as of the most recent valuation date, (vi) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid, (vii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA and (viii) no Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof or by the PBGC and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, except with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (viii) of this Section 5.11(d), as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e)	 (i) With respect to each Foreign Plan, reserves have been established in the financial statements furnished to Lenders in respect of any unfunded liabilities in accordance with applicable Law and, where required, in accordance with ordinary accounting practices in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Plan is maintained, (ii) except as disclosed or reflected in such financial statements, there are no aggregate unfunded liabilities with respect to Foreign Plans and the present value of the aggregate accumulated benefit liabilities of all Foreign Plans did not, as of the last annual valuation date applicable thereto, exceed the assets of all such Foreign Plans, except with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 5.11(e), as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.12.	 Subsidiaries; Capital Stock. As of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, there are no Restricted Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.12 , and all of the outstanding Capital Stock in such Restricted Subsidiaries that are owned by a Loan Party have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable (other than for those Restricted Subsidiaries that are limited liability companies and limited partnerships and to the extent such concepts are not applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) and are owned free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens. 
 148 

Section 5.13.	 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . 
 (a)	 Each of the Loan Parties is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock and no proceeds of any Borrowings or drawings under any Letter of Credit will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Credit Extension hereunder nor the use of proceeds thereof will violate any regulations of the FRB, including the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the FRB. 
 (b)	 None of the Loan Parties is, or is required to be, registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Section 5.14.	 Disclosure. As of the Closing Date, no report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party (other than projected financial information, pro forma financial information and information of a general economic or industry nature) to any Agent, the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein (when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected and pro forma financial information, Holdings and the Borrower represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation and delivery; it being understood that actual results may vary from such forecasts and that such variances may be material. 
 Section 5.15.	 Compliance with Laws. Each of Holdings, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such Requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.16.	 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the Borrower and each Guarantor owns, licenses or possesses the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are necessary for the operation of its respective business, as currently conducted, except to the extent such failure to own, license or possess, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and provided that the foregoing shall not deem to constitute a representation that the Borrower and the Guarantors do not infringe or violate the IP Rights held by any other Person. Set forth on Schedule 5.16 is a complete and accurate list of all material registrations or applications to register in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office patents, trademarks, and copyrights owned or, in the case of copyrights, exclusively licensed by the Borrower and Guarantors as of the Closing Date. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the conduct of the business of the Borrower or Guarantors as currently conducted does not infringe upon or violate any IP Rights held by any other Person, except for such infringements and violations which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 149 

Section 5.17.	 Solvency. On the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, Holdings and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 
 Section 5.18.	 Perfection, Etc. Subject to the Legal Reservations and Section 5.03, each Collateral Document delivered pursuant to this Agreement will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, the Collateral described therein to the extent intended to be created thereby, except as to enforcement, as may be limited by applicable domestic bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, schemes of arrangements or otherwise), moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (a) when financing statements are filed in the offices of the Secretary of State of each Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization or formation and applicable documents are filed and recorded as applicable in the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office and (b) upon the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent possession or control by the Collateral Agent is required by the applicable Collateral Document) the Liens created by the Collateral Documents shall constitute fully perfected Liens so far as possible under relevant law on, and security interests in (to the extent intended to be created thereby and required to be perfected under the Loan Documents), all right, title and interest of the grantors in such Collateral in each case free and clear of any Liens other than Liens permitted hereunder. 
 Section 5.19.	 Sanctions; OFAC . 
 (a)	 Sanctions Laws and Regulations . The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with applicable Sanctions Laws and Regulations and applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit or use of proceeds, will violate or result in the violation of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations applicable to any party hereto. 
 (b)	 OFAC . None of (I) Holdings, the Borrower, any other Loan Party, in all material respects, or the Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties or, (II) to the knowledge of Holdings, the Borrower, any director, manager, officer, agent or employee of Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, (i) is a person whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of the Executive Order, (ii) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of the Executive Order, or is otherwise associated with any such person in any manner that violates Section 2 of the Executive Order and (iii) is a person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or subject to the limitations or prohibitions under any other U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control regulation or executive order. The Borrower will not directly or knowingly indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC. 
 Section 5.20.	 Anti-Corruption Laws. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used for any improper payments, directly or, to the Borrower s knowledge, indirectly, to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, or any other party (if applicable) in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any similar laws, rules or regulations issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower (collectively, the Anti-Corruption Laws ). The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the 
 150 

Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officer, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, their directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 Section 5.21.	 [Reserved] . 
 Section 5.22.	 Holdings Activities. Holdings does not conduct, transact or otherwise engage in any material business or operations, other than as would be permitted pursuant to Section 7.09. 
 Section 5.23.	 Data Privacy and Security. The Borrower complies in all material respects with all Data Privacy and Security Laws, Requirements, and Standards. The Borrower has not been subject to or received written notice of any order or action by any governmental authority alleging any violation of, or failure to comply with, any Data Privacy and Security Laws, Requirements, and Standards; nor has the Borrower received any material written complaints or reports concerning any such violation from any person, customer, or vendor. The Borrower has at all times, so far as required by Applicable Data Privacy Laws, provided its customers, end-users, employees, and vendors with materially complete, truthful and accurate notice of its practices concerning the protection, collection, access, use, storage, disposal, disclosure, registration, processing, privacy, security, and transfer of Personal Data. To the Borrower s knowledge, the Borrower has not, in the previous five years, suffered, discovered, or been notified of any unauthorized acquisition, use, disclosure, impairment, deletion, destruction, intrusion to, access to, or breach of any Personal Data and/or Computer Systems that: (a) constitutes a breach or a data security incident under any Applicable Data Privacy Law; (b) would trigger a notification or reporting requirement under any material agreement to which the Borrower is bound; (c) materially compromises (individually or in the aggregate) the security or privacy of such Personal Data and/or Computer Systems; or (d) has resulted in any material destruction, damage, loss, corruption, alteration or misuse of any Personal Data and/or Computer Systems. The Borrower has taken commercially reasonably actions designed to protect against the existence of any (a) unauthorized security or lock-out device that could materially and adversely affect its software, solutions, applications, and/or Computer Systems; and (b) any computer virus, worm, trap or back door, Trojan horse, or any other instruction, code, program, data, or material that reasonably would be expected to materially and adversely interrupt, discontinue, interfere with, or otherwise affect the operation or use by the Borrower of any of its Personal Data, software, solutions, applications, and/or Computer Systems (collectively, Malicious Instructions ). To the Borrower s knowledge, the Borrower s software, solutions, applications, and Computer Systems do not contain any virus, or harmful software routine or hardware component designed to permit unauthorized access to, or to maliciously disable or otherwise harm, any computer, system, or software. The Borrower has taken commercially reasonable steps designed to provide for the security, continuity, and integrity of its software, solutions, applications, and Computer Systems and the back-up and recovery of data and information stored or contained therein or accessed or processed thereby and to guard against any unauthorized access or use thereof. The Borrower maintains commercially reasonable security, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans, procedures, and facilities in connection with the business as presently conducted and materially act in compliance therewith. To the knowledge of the Borrower, none of its software, solutions, applications, and Computer Systems have experienced any substandard performance in the past five years that has caused any material adverse effect in the use of any material software, solutions, applications, Computer Systems, and/or Personal Data. 
 Section 5.24.	 Insurance. Each of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies liability, casualty, property, cybersecurity and business interruption insurance (including, without limitation, insurance with respect to its tangible Collateral) in at least such amounts and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business. 
 151 

Section 5.25.	 No Default. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any contractual obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 ARTICLE VI. Affirmative Covenants 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit which have been Cash Collateralized or as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer that issued (or arranged) such Letters of Credit shall have been made), (A) the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02 and 6.03) cause each Restricted Subsidiary to and (B) with respect to Section 6.14, Holdings shall: 
 Section 6.01.	 Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender: 
 (a)	 within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Parent (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof), a consolidated balance sheet of Parent (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations and income (loss) for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of any independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph or any qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph as to the scope of such audit (other than any such exception, qualification or explanatory paragraph that is with respect to, or resulting from, (i) an upcoming maturity date under the Facilities, (ii) any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant, including the Financial Covenant, on a future date or in a future period or any actual breach of the Financial Covenant at such time or (iii) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary), together with a management s discussion and analysis of financial information in a form substantially consistent with the management s discussion and analysis delivered to the Sponsor; 
 (b)	 within 45 days (other than the last fiscal quarter of a fiscal year) after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Parent (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) (commencing with the first fiscal quarter for which financial statements were not delivered prior to the Closing Date), a consolidated balance sheet of Parent (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of operations and income (loss) for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (or of Parent, any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations of Parent (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to 
 152 

normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, together with a management s discussion and analysis of financial information in a form substantially consistent with the management s discussion and analysis delivered to the Sponsor; 
 (c)	 [reserved]; 
 (d)	 [reserved]; and 
 (e)	 concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b) above, the related consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the obligations in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied by furnishing, at the option of the Borrower, the applicable financial statements or, as applicable, forecasts of (I) any successor of the Borrower or (II) Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company; provided that to the extent such information relates to the Borrower or a Parent Holding Company, such information is accompanied by consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand, and (B) (i) in the event that the Borrower (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) delivers to the Administrative Agent an Annual Report on Form 10-K for any fiscal year (or similar filing in the applicable jurisdiction), as filed with the SEC or in such form as would have been suitable for filing with the SEC, within the time frames set forth in clause (a) above, such Form 10-K shall satisfy all requirements of clause (a) of this Section 6.01 with respect to such fiscal year to the extent that it contains the information and report and opinion required by such clause (a) and such report and opinion does not contain any going concern or like qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph or any qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph as to the scope of audit (other than any such qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph expressly permitted to be contained therein under clause (a) of this Section 6.01) and (ii) in the event that the Borrower (or of any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) delivers to the Administrative Agent a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for any fiscal quarter (or similar filing in the applicable jurisdiction), as filed with the SEC or in such form as would have been suitable for filing with the SEC, within the time frames set forth in clause (b) above, such Form 10-Q shall satisfy all requirements of clause (b) of this Section with respect to such fiscal quarter to the extent that it contains the information required by such clause (b); in each case to the extent that information contained in such Form 10-K or Form 10-Q (or similar filings in the applicable jurisdiction) satisfies the requirements of clauses (a) or (b) of this Section 6.01, as the case may be. To the extent the SEC has granted the ability to extend any financial statement reporting deadline generally to all non-accelerated filers, including pursuant to Rule 12b-25 (but only to the extent the Borrower, Holdings Topco, Parent or any Parent Holding Company has complied with the filing and other requirements of Rule 12b-25 that would have been required if the Borrower, Holdings Topco, Parent or such Parent Holding Company were a non-accelerated filer by posting any such required filings (or filings substantially similar to what Rule 12b-25 would require) to the Administrative Agent), (the Extended SEC Reporting Deadline and such Extended SEC Reporting Deadline would be later than the deadline for delivery of the corresponding financial statements of the Borrower pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of this Section 6.01 (the Section 6.01 Reporting Deadline ), then the applicable Section 6.01 Reporting Deadline shall be automatically deemed to be extended to the date of the Extended SEC Reporting Deadline, without any further action by any party (this proviso, the Reporting Extension Provision ). 
 153 

Section 6.02.	 Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (or, with respect to clause (a)(II) below, use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver) for further distribution to each Lender: 
 (a)	 no later than five days after the delivery of (i) the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) or (ii) an Annual Report on Form 10-K (delivered pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 6.01), but only to the extent permitted by accounting industry policies generally followed by independent certified public accountants, a certificate of the independent certified public accountants (I) certifying such financial statements and (II) stating that in making the examination necessary therefor no knowledge was obtained of any Event of Default arising from a breach of the Financial Covenant (to the extent then applicable) or, if any such Event of Default shall exist, stating the nature and status of such event; 
 (b)	 no later than five days after the delivery of (i) the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) or (ii) an Annual Report on Form 10-K or a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (in either case, delivered pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 6.01), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent or a Lender requests executed originals, be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes); 
 (c)	 promptly after the same are available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which Holdings Topco or the Borrower may file or be required to file, copies of any report, filing or communication with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or with any Governmental Authority that may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 
 (d)	 promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any notices received by any Loan Party (other than in the ordinary course of business) and copies of any statement or report furnished to any holder of debt securities or loans of any Loan Party or of any of its Subsidiaries (other than any correspondence in the ordinary course of business or any regularly required quarterly or annual certificates), in each case pursuant to the terms of any Junior Financing in a principal amount greater than 10,000,000 and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to any other clause of this Section 6.02; 
 (e)	 promptly after the receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non- U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any material investigation or other material inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; 
 (f)	 promptly after the assertion or occurrence thereof, notice of any action arising under any Environmental Law against or of any noncompliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (g)	 together with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(b), a report supplementing Schedule 5.12 hereto to the extent necessary so that the related representation and warranty would be true and correct if made as of the date of such Compliance Certificate, including any change to the legal name or state of organization of any Loan Party or any other fundamental change which would adversely affect the perfection of Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral; and 
 154 

(h)	 promptly, such additional information regarding the business, legal, financial or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (b), (c) or (d) or Section 6.02(c) or (d) (or to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s (or any Parent Holding Company or Subsidiary of a Parent Holding Company allowed to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) behalf on the Platform or another relevant internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that the Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents described in this paragraph and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain or deliver to Lenders paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 Section 6.03.	 Notices. Promptly after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or any Guarantor has obtained knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender: 
 (a)	 of the occurrence of Default; 
 (b)	 of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (c)	 of the institution of any material litigation not previously disclosed by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or any material development in any material litigation that is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and would, in either case, if adversely determined be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (d)	 (i) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event, where there is any reasonable likelihood of the imposition of liability on any Loan Party as a result thereof that would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) promptly after any reasonable request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of (A) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan with respect to which there is any reasonable likelihood of a Material Adverse Effect or (B) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan with respect to which there is any reasonable likelihood of the imposition of liability that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided , however , that if the Borrower has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the Borrower shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof; 
 155 

(e)	 of the occurrence of any Foreign Benefit Event, where there is any reasonable likelihood of the imposition of liability on any Loan Party as a result thereof that would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (f)	 of the occurrence of any material event or change related to (w) handling of Personal Data, (x) cybersecurity breaches, insurance and other similar events, (y) any governmental investigations or notices related to the foregoing or (z) compliance measures related to the foregoing; and 
 (g)	 of the occurrence of any Event of Default (as defined in the Holdco Notes) or other material notice that is required to be sent to the Holders (as defined in the Holdco Notes) under the Holdco Notes. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and propose to take with respect thereto. 
 Section 6.04.	 Payment of Taxes. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy as the same shall become due and payable all its obligations and liabilities in respect of Taxes imposed upon it or its income, profits, properties or other assets, except, in each case, (i) to the extent any such Tax is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, or (ii) if such failure to pay or discharge such obligations and liabilities would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 6.05.	 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.03 or 7.04, (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including its good standing, if such concept is applicable in its jurisdiction of organization), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or as otherwise permitted hereunder, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve or renew all of its registered copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non- preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or as otherwise permitted hereunder, provided that nothing in this Section 6.05 shall require the preservation, renewal or maintenance of, or prevent the abandonment by, the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary of any registered copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks that the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary reasonably determines is not useful to its business or no longer commercially desirable. 
 Section 6.06.	 Maintenance of Properties. Except if the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, maintain, preserve and protect all of its tangible properties and equipment that are necessary in the operation of its business in good working order, repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation excepted. 
 Section 6.07.	 Maintenance of Insurance. Except if the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, maintain in full force and effect, with insurance companies that the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) are financially sound and responsible at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed, insurance in at least such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance which the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of management of the Borrower) is reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business) and against at least such risks (and with such risk retentions) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in businesses similar to those engaged by the Borrower and the 
 156 

Restricted Subsidiaries. Subject to Section 6.16, the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that at all times the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall be named as an additional insured with respect to liability policies (other than directors and officers policies and workers compensation) maintained by the Borrower and each Guarantor and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall be named as lender loss payee and mortgagee with respect to the property insurance maintained by the Borrower and each Guarantor; provided that, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (A) all proceeds from insurance policies shall be paid to the Borrower or Guarantor, (B) to the extent the Collateral Agent receives any proceeds, the Collateral Agent shall turn over to the Borrower any amounts received by it as an additional insured or lender loss payee under any property insurance maintained by the Borrower and their Subsidiaries, and (C) the Collateral Agent and the Lenders agree that the Borrower and/or their applicable Subsidiaries shall have the sole right to adjust or settle any claims under such insurance. 
 Section 6.08.	 Compliance with Laws. Comply with the requirements of all applicable Laws (including, without limitation, ERISA, the PATRIOT Act, Sanctions Laws and Regulations, Applicable Data Privacy Laws, and Environmental Laws) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or to its business or property, except if the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 6.09.	 Books and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in a manner to allow financial statements to be prepared in all material respects in conformity with GAAP consistently applied in respect of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or, if applicable, such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (it being understood and agreed that Foreign Subsidiaries may maintain individual books and records in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles that are applicable in their respective jurisdiction of organization). 
 Section 6.10.	 Inspection Rights. Permit the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and representatives of the Administrative Agent and, during the continuance of any Event of Default, of each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties (subject to the rights of lessees or sublessees thereof and subject to any restrictions or limitations in the applicable lease, sublease or other written occupancy arrangement pursuant to which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is a party), to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, managers, officers, and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants customary policies and procedures), all at the reasonable expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance written notice to the Borrower; provided that, excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, (i) only the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights under this Section 6.10, (ii) the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year and (iii) such exercise shall be at the Borrower s expense; provided further , that when an Event of Default is continuing the Administrative Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative (or any of their respective representatives) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time and from time to time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance written notice. The Administrative Agent, the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Lenders shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.10, none of the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is 
 157 

prohibited by Law or any binding agreement or (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 Section 6.11.	 Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will use the Letters of Credit and the proceeds of the Loans only as provided in Sections 5.07, 5.13(a), 5.19 and 5.20. 
 Section 6.12.	 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security. Upon the formation, statutory division, or acquisition of any new wholly owned Subsidiaries by any Borrower Party provided that each of (i) any Subsidiary Redesignation resulting in an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) any Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary but remaining a Restricted Subsidiary (including a Foreign Subsidiary ceasing to be a Foreign Subsidiary or a FSHCO ceasing to be a FSHCO, if it is not otherwise an Excluded Subsidiary at such time) shall be deemed to constitute the acquisition of a Restricted Subsidiary for all purposes of this Section 6.12), and upon the acquisition of any property (other than Excluded Property and real property that is not Material Real Property and other than foreign intellectual property and U.S. intellectual property that is not registered with, or that is not the subject of an application for registration with, the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office) by any Borrower Party, which property, in the reasonable judgment of the Blackstone Credit Representative, is not already subject to a perfected Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (and where such a perfected Lien would be required in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents or other Loan Documents), the Borrower shall, at the Borrower s expense, subject in each case to the Perfection Exceptions: 
 (i)	 in connection with such formation, division, or acquisition of a Subsidiary, within 90 days after such formation, division, or acquisition or such longer period as the Blackstone Credit Representative may agree in its reasonable discretion, (A) cause each such Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent a guaranty or guaranty supplement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative, guaranteeing the Obligations and a joinder or supplement to the applicable Collateral Documents and (B) (if not already so delivered) deliver certificates representing the Pledged Interests of each such Subsidiary (if any) held by the applicable Borrower Party accompanied by undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed in blank and instruments evidencing the Pledged Debt owing by such Subsidiary to any Borrower Party indorsed in blank to the Collateral Agent, together with, if requested by the Collateral Agent or the Blackstone Credit Representative, supplements to the Security Agreement; provided that any Excluded Property shall not be required to be pledged as Collateral, 
 (ii)	 within 90 days after such formation, division or acquisition of any such property or any request therefor by the Collateral Agent or the Blackstone Credit Representative (or such longer period, as the Blackstone Credit Representative may agree in its reasonable discretion) duly execute and deliver, and cause each such Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver, to the Collateral Agent one or more Security Agreement Supplements, Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplements, as specified by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative (consistent, to the extent applicable, with the Security Agreement, the Intellectual Property Security Agreement and the other Collateral Documents (and Section 6.14)), securing payment of all the Obligations (provided, to the extent any property to be subject to a Mortgage is located in a jurisdiction that imposes mortgage recording taxes, intangible tax, documentary tax or similar tax or similar recording fees or taxes, the relevant Mortgage shall not secure an amount in excess of the Fair Market Value of such property subject thereto and shall not secure the Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or the Revolving Credit Facility in those states that impose a mortgage tax on paydowns or re-advances applicable thereto) of the applicable Borrower Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, under the Loan Documents 
 158 

and establishing Liens on all such properties or property; provided that such properties or property shall not be required to be pledged as Collateral, and no Security Agreement Supplements, Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplements shall be required to be delivered in respect thereof, to the extent that any such properties or property constitute Excluded Property, 
 (iii)	 within 90 days after such request, formation or acquisition, or such longer period, as the Blackstone Credit Representative may agree in its reasonable discretion, take, and cause such Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary and each applicable Borrower Party to take, whatever action, the filing of UCC financing statements, the giving of notices and delivery of stock and membership interest certificates or foreign equivalents representing the applicable Capital Stock as may be necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Blackstone Credit Representative to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it), subject to the Legal Reservations and Section 5.03, valid and subsisting Liens on the properties purported to be subject to the Security Agreement Supplements, Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplements, supplements to other Collateral Documents and security agreements delivered pursuant to this Section 6.12, in each case to the extent required under the Loan Documents, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms, 
 (iv)	 within 90 days after the request of the Blackstone Credit Representative, or such longer period as the Blackstone Credit Representative may agree in its reasonable discretion, deliver to the Collateral Agent, Organization Documents, resolutions and a signed copy of one or more customary opinions, addressed to the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the Borrower Parties reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative as to such matters as the Blackstone Credit Representative may reasonably request, 
 (v)	 with respect to any Material Real Property, take such actions as set forth in Section 6.14 within the time periods set forth therein (as such may be extended in the Blackstone Credit Representative s reasonable discretion), and 
 (vi)	 at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver any and all further instruments and documents and take all such other action as the Blackstone Credit Representative in its reasonable judgment may deem necessary or desirable in obtaining the full benefits of, or in perfecting and preserving the Liens of, such guaranties, Mortgages, Security Agreement Supplements, Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplements, Collateral Documents and security agreements. 
 Section 6.13.	 Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) comply, and make all reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; (ii) obtain, maintain and renew all applicable Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties; and, (iii) to the extent required under Environmental Laws, conduct any investigation, mitigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal or remedial, corrective or other action necessary to respond to and remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials from any of its properties, in accordance with the requirements of all Environmental Laws provided, however , that no Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial, corrective or other action to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. 
 159 

Section 6.14.	 Further Assurances. Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or the Collateral Agent (in each case, acting at the reasonable direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative or the Ally Representative) or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, and subject to the limitations described in Section 6.12, (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or the Collateral Agent (in each case, acting at the reasonable direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative or the Ally Representative) or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to grant, preserve, protect and continue the validity, perfection and priority of the security interests created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents. By the date that is 120 days after the acquisition of any Material Real Property that is required to be subject to a Mortgage, as such time period may be extended in the Blackstone Credit Representative s reasonable discretion, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, deliver to the Collateral Agent: 
 (i)	 a Mortgage with respect to each such Mortgaged Property, together with evidence each such Mortgage has been duly executed, acknowledged and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each party thereto on or before such date in a form suitable for filing and recording in all appropriate local filing or recording offices that the Collateral Agent (in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative) may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in order to create a valid and subsisting perfected Lien on the property described therein in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, subject only to Permitted Liens, and that all filing and recording taxes and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative; provided that to the extent any property to be subject to a Mortgage is located in a jurisdiction that imposes mortgage recording taxes, intangibles tax, documentary tax or similar recording fees or taxes, the relevant Mortgage shall not secure an amount in excess of the Fair Market Value of such property subject thereto and shall not secure the Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or the Revolving Credit Facility in those states that impose a mortgage tax on paydowns or re-advances applicable thereto; 
 (ii)	 fully paid American Land Title Association or equivalent Lender s title insurance policies or marked up unconditional binder for such insurance (the Mortgage Policies in form and substance reasonably requested by the Blackstone Credit Representative, with endorsements customarily available at reasonable rates and reasonably requested by the Blackstone Credit Representative, in amounts reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative (not to exceed the Fair Market Value of the Material Real Properties covered thereby and subject to any tie-in coverage available), issued, coinsured and reinsured by title insurers reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative in connection with any such Material Real Property located in the United States; 
 (iii)	 American Land Title Association/American Congress on Surveying and Mapping form surveys, for which all necessary fees (where applicable) have been paid, certified to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the issuer of the Mortgage Policies in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative by a land surveyor duly registered and licensed in the States in which the property described in such surveys is located and reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative; provided that new or updated surveys will not be required if an existing survey, ExpressMap or other similar documentation is available and survey coverage is available for the Mortgage Policies without the need for such new or updated surveys and provided further this foregoing requirement shall only be in connection with any such Material Real Property located in the United States; 
 160 

(iv)	 in each case with respect to any such Material Real Property (and any other Mortgaged Properties located in the same state as any such Material Real Property), customary opinions of local counsel to the Loan Parties in jurisdictions in which the Mortgaged Property is located, with respect to the enforceability and perfection of the Mortgages and, if applicable any related fixture filings, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative; 
 (v)	 customary opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties in the states in which the Loan Parties party to the Mortgages are organized or formed, with respect to the valid existence, corporate power and authority of such Loan Parties in the granting of the Mortgages, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative; 
 (vi)	 with respect to each such improved Mortgaged Property, a Life-of Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination; 
 (vii)	 evidence that all other actions reasonably requested by the Blackstone Credit Representative, that are necessary in order to create valid and subsisting Liens on the property described in the Mortgage, have been taken; and 
 (viii)	 evidence that all documented and invoiced fees, costs and expenses have been paid in connection with the preparation, execution, filing and recordation of the Mortgages, including reasonable attorneys fees, filing and recording fees, title insurance company coordination fees, documentary stamp, mortgage and intangible taxes and title search charges and other charges incurred in connection with the recordation of the Mortgages and the other matters described in this Section 6.14 and as otherwise required to be paid in connection therewith under Section 10.04. 
 Section 6.15.	 [Reserved]. 
 Section 6.16.	 Post-Closing Undertakings. Within the time periods specified on Schedule 6.16 hereto (as each may be extended by the Blackstone Credit Representative in its reasonable discretion), provide such Collateral Documents and complete such undertakings as are set forth on Schedule 6.16 hereto. 
 Section 6.17.	 No Change in Line of Business. Continue to engage in substantially similar lines of business as those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on the date hereof including any business reasonably related, complementary, synergistic or ancillary thereto or reasonable extensions thereof. 
 Section 6.18.	 Transactions with Affiliates . 
 (a)	 The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction or series of transactions, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Borrower involving aggregate consideration in excess of 10,000,000 (each of the foregoing, an Affiliate Transaction ), unless: 
 (i)	 such Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are not materially less favorable to the relevant Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that could have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the relevant Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary with an 
 161 

unrelated Person on an arm s length basis (as determined in good faith by the senior management or the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower); and 
 (ii)	 with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate consideration in excess of 15,000,000, the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a resolution adopted in good faith by the majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company, approving such Affiliate Transaction, together with a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company determined or resolved that such Affiliate Transaction complies with Section 6.18(a)(i). 
 (b)	 The provisions of Section 6.18(a) shall not apply to the following: 
 (1)	 (a) transactions between or among the Loan Parties and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or an entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction), (b) any merger, amalgamation or consolidation of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company; provided that such parent entity shall have no material liabilities and no material assets (other than cash, Cash Equivalents and the Capital Stock of the Borrower) and such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and effected for a bona fide business purpose, and (c) any transaction that constitutes a Specified Change of Control; 
 (2)	 (a) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.05 and (b) Permitted Investments (other than Permitted Investments under clause (13) of the definition thereof); 
 (3)	 transactions in which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or meets the requirements of Section 6.18(a)(i); 
 (4)	 payments, loans, advances or guarantees (or cancellation of loans, advances or guarantees) to employees, officers, directors, managers, consultants or independent contractors for bona fide business purposes or in the ordinary course of business; 
 (5)	 any agreement or arrangement as in effect as of the Closing Date or as thereafter amended, supplemented or replaced (so long as such amendment, supplement or replacement agreement is not materially disadvantageous (as determined in good faith by the senior management of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) to the Lenders) or any transaction or payments contemplated thereby; 
 (6)	 [reserved]; 
 (7)	 the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any stockholders or similar agreement (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto) to which it is a party as of the Closing Date or in connection with the Transactions or similar transactions, arrangements or agreements which it may enter into thereafter; provided , however , that the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under, any future amendment to any such existing transaction, arrangement or agreement or under any similar transaction, arrangement or agreement entered into after the Closing Date shall only be permitted 
 162 

by this clause (7) to the extent that the terms of any such existing transaction, arrangement or agreement, together with all amendments thereto, taken as a whole, or new transaction, arrangement or agreement are not otherwise disadvantageous (as determined in good faith by the senior management of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) to the Lenders, in any material respect when taken as a whole as compared with the original transaction, arrangement or agreement as in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with the Transactions; 
 (8)	 transactions with customers, clients, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, which are fair to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party (as determined in good faith by the senior management of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower); 
 (9)	 any transaction effected as part of a Qualified Receivables Financing or a Qualified Receivables Factoring; 
 (10)	 the sale, issuance or transfer of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower; 
 (11)	 payments by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to the Sponsor made for any financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities, including, without limitation, in connection with acquisitions or divestitures, which payments are approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company in good faith or a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company in good faith; 
 (12)	 any contribution to the capital of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock) or any investments by the Sponsor or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower in Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower (and payment of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Sponsor or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower in connection therewith); 
 (13)	 any transaction with a Person (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary) that would constitute an Affiliate Transaction solely because the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary owns an Equity Interest in or otherwise controls such Person; provided that no Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) shall have a beneficial interest or otherwise participate in such Person; 
 (14)	 transactions between the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any Person that would constitute an Affiliate Transaction solely because such Person is a director or such Person has a director which is also a director of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower; provided , however , that such director abstains from voting as a director of the Borrower or such direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, as the case may be, on any matter involving such other Person; 
 (15)	 the entering into of any tax sharing agreement or arrangement and any payments pursuant thereto, in each case to the extent permitted by clause (13), (14)(a) or (14)(e) of the second paragraph under Sections 7.05; 
 163 

(16)	 transactions to effect the Transactions and payment of all transaction, underwriting, commitment and other fees and expenses related to the Transactions; 
 (17)	 pledges of Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 
 (18)	 the issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, equity purchase agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans or similar employee benefit plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company or of a Restricted Subsidiary, as appropriate, in good faith; 
 (19)	 (i) any employment, consulting, service or termination agreement, or customary indemnification arrangements, entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with current, former or future officers, directors, employees, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or of any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to the extent such agreements or arrangements are in respect of services performed for the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries), (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Equity Interests pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with current, former or future officers, directors, employees, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or of any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower and (iii) any payment of compensation or other compensation, benefit plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers officers, directors, employees, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (including amounts paid pursuant to any equity plan or any other employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, stock option or similar plans and any successor plan thereto and any supplemental executive retirement benefit plans or arrangements), in each case in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise approved in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company or of a Restricted Subsidiary or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, as appropriate; 
 (20)	 investments by Affiliates in Indebtedness or preferred Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as non-Affiliates were also offered the opportunity to invest in such Indebtedness or preferred Equity Interests, and transactions with Affiliates solely in their capacity as holders of Indebtedness or preferred Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as such transaction is with all holders of such class (and there are such non-Affiliate holders) and such Affiliates are treated no more favorably than all other holders of such class generally; 
 (21)	 the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of their obligations under the terms of, any registration rights agreement to which they are a party or become a party in the future; 
 (22)	 investments by the Sponsor or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower in securities of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (and payment of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Sponsor or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower in connection therewith); 
 (23)	 transactions with joint ventures for the purchase or sale of goods, equipment and services entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 164 

(24)	 any lease entered into between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as lessee, and any Affiliate of the Borrower, as lessor, in the ordinary course of business; 
 (25)	 (i) intellectual property licenses and (ii) intercompany intellectual property licenses and research and development agreements in the ordinary course of business; 
 (26)	 transactions pursuant to, and complying with, Section 7.01 (to the extent such transaction complies with Section 6.18(a)(i)) or Section 7.03; 
 (27)	 intercompany transactions undertaken in good faith for the purpose of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and not for the purpose of circumventing any covenant set forth herein; or 
 (28)	 transactions in connection with, and as contemplated by, the Holdco Notes and any warrants of the Borrower, Holdings Topco or any Parent Entity. 
 Section 6.19.	 Lender Conference Calls. After each date of delivery of the annual or quarterly financial information required pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), the Borrower will hold and participate in a conference call or teleconference at a time selected by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Administrative Agent, with all of the Lenders that choose to participate, to review the financial results of the previous fiscal year or fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 ARTICLE VII. 
 Negative Covenants 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit which have been Cash Collateralized or as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer that issued (or arranged) such Letters of Credit shall have been made), the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any other Restricted Subsidiary to (and with respect to Section 7.09 , Holdings shall not): 
 Section 7.01.	 Indebtedness. Directly or indirectly, Incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), except for the following (collectively, Permitted Debt ): 
 (a)	 (x) Indebtedness arising under the Loan Documents including any refinancing thereof in accordance with Section 2.18, (y) Indebtedness of the Loan Parties evidenced by Refinancing Notes and any Permitted Refinancing thereof (or successive Permitted Refinancings thereof) and (z) Indebtedness of the Loan Parties evidenced by Incremental Equivalent Debt and any Permitted Refinancing thereof (or successive Permitted Refinancings thereof); 
 (b)	 Permitted Ratio Debt; provided , that the aggregate amount of Permitted Ratio Debt that may be Incurred (including any Permitted Refinancings thereof) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with the aggregate amount of Indebtedness (including any Permitted Refinancings thereof) that may be incurred or assumed pursuant to Section 7.01(o) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties) shall not exceed the greater of (x) 20,000,000 and (y) 3.00 of Consolidated Total Assets, at any one time outstanding; 
 165 

(c)	 Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness described in clause (a) above) that is existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 , and Permitted Refinancings thereof; 
 (d)	 Indebtedness (including, without limitation, Capitalized Lease Obligations and mortgage financings as purchase money obligations) Incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, to finance all or any part of the purchase, lease, construction, installation, repair or improvement of property (real or personal), plant or equipment or other fixed or capital assets (whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Equity Interests of any Person owning such assets) and Indebtedness arising from the conversion of the obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary under or pursuant to any synthetic lease transactions to on-balance sheet Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, in an aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference, including all Indebtedness Incurred to renew, refund, refinance, replace, defease or discharge any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (d), not to exceed the greater of (x) 15,000,000 and (y) 2.25 of Consolidated Total Assets, at any one time outstanding, plus, in the case of any refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (d) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, accrued and unpaid interest, premiums and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such refinancing; provided that Capitalized Lease Obligations Incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (d) in connection with a Sale/Leaseback Transaction shall not be subject to the foregoing limitation so long as the proceeds of such Sale/Leaseback Transaction are used by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to permanently repay outstanding Term Loans under this Agreement or other Pari Passu Indebtedness that is secured by pari passu Liens on the Collateral on a pro rata basis with any outstanding Term Loans; 
 (e)	 Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments issued in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, (i) letters of credit or performance or surety bonds in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits (whether current or former) or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance, or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits (whether current or former) or property, casualty or liability insurance and (ii) guarantees of Indebtedness Incurred by customers in connection with the purchase or other acquisition of equipment or supplies in the ordinary course of business; 
 (f)	 Indebtedness arising from agreements of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries providing for indemnification, earn-outs, adjustment of purchase or acquisition price or similar obligations, in each case, Incurred in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or a Subsidiary of the Borrower in accordance with this Agreement, other than guarantees of Indebtedness Incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition; 
 (g)	 Indebtedness of the Borrower owing to a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (x) such Indebtedness owing to a Non-Loan Party shall be (i) subordinated in right of payment to the Borrower s Obligations with respect to this Agreement pursuant to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (ii) no payments shall be permitted to be made on such Indebtedness if there is an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing, and (y) any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock (except to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an Incurrence of such Indebtedness or issuance of such Disqualified Stock not permitted by this clause (g); 
 166 

(h)	 shares of Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary issued to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event that results in any Restricted Subsidiary that holds such shares of Preferred Stock of another Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such shares of Preferred Stock (except to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an issuance of shares of Preferred Stock not permitted by this clause (h); 
 (i)	 Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary or the Borrower owing to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (x) if the Borrower or a Loan Party Incurs such Indebtedness owing to a Non-Loan Party, such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Borrower s Obligations or Guarantee of such Loan Party, as applicable, pursuant to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement and (y) any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event that results in any Restricted Subsidiary lending such Indebtedness ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness (except to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an Incurrence of such Indebtedness not permitted by this clause (i); 
 (j)	 Swap Contracts and Cash Management Services Incurred (including, without limitation, in connection with any Qualified Receivables Financing), other than for speculative purposes; 
 (k)	 obligations (including reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments) in respect of customs, self-insurance, performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (l)	 Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount that, when aggregated with the principal amount or liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness then outstanding and Incurred pursuant to this clause (l), does not exceed the greater of (x) 25,000,000 and (y) 3.75 of Consolidated Total Assets, provided that the Blackstone Credit Representative shall be given the Right of First Refusal to provide such Indebtedness, at any one time outstanding, plus, in the case of any Permitted Refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (l) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, accrued and unpaid interest, original issue discount, premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such Permitted Refinancing (it being understood that any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (l) shall cease to be deemed Incurred, issued or outstanding pursuant to this clause (l) but shall be deemed Incurred or issued and outstanding as Permitted Ratio Debt from and after the first date on which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, could have Incurred such Indebtedness as Permitted Ratio Debt (to the extent the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is able to Incur any Liens related thereto as Permitted Liens after such reclassification)); 
 (m)	 any guarantee by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries so long as the Incurrence of such Indebtedness or other obligations by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted under the terms of this Agreement, provided , that such guarantee of such Indebtedness shall be subject to the same limitations that would be applicable hereunder had such Indebtedness been directly Incurred; 
 (n)	 the Incurrence by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that serves to refund, refinance, replace, redeem, repurchase, retire or defease, and is in an aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than, Indebtedness Incurred as Permitted Ratio Debt or permitted under clause (c), this clause (n), clause (o) or clause (r) of this Section 7.01 or subclause (y) of clauses (d), (l), (t), (cc) or (dd) of 
 167 

this Section 7.01 provided that any amounts incurred under this clause (n) as Refinancing Indebtedness of subclause (y) of these clauses shall reduce the amount available under such subclause (y) of such clauses), plus any additional Indebtedness Incurred to pay unpaid accrued interest and the aggregate amount of original issue discount, premiums (including reasonable tender premiums), and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs and fees and expenses in connection therewith (subject to the following proviso, Refinancing Indebtedness ); provided , however , that such Refinancing Indebtedness constitutes a Permitted Refinancing and: 
 (1)	 has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is not less than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refunded, refinanced, replaced, redeemed, repurchased or retired (which, in the case of Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt shall be determined by reference to the notes or loans into which Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt are converted or for which such Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt are exchanged at maturity and will be subject to other customary offers to repurchase or mandatory prepayments upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and customary acceleration rights after an event of default); 
 (2)	 in the case of any revolving Indebtedness, has a Stated Maturity that is no earlier than the Stated Maturity of the Indebtedness being refunded, refinanced, replaced, redeemed, repurchased or retired (which, in the case of Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt, shall be determined by reference to the notes or loans into which such Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt are converted or for which such Extendable Bridge Loans/Interim Debt are exchanged at maturity and will be subject to other customary offers to repurchase or mandatory prepayments upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and customary acceleration rights after an event of default); 
 (3)	 to the extent that such Refinancing Indebtedness refinances (i) Subordinated Indebtedness, such Refinancing Indebtedness is Subordinated Indebtedness or (ii) Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Refinancing Indebtedness is Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, respectively; 
 (4)	 shall not include (x) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Non-Loan Party that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Guarantor, or (y) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 
 provided that subclauses (1) and (2) will not apply to any refunding or refinancing of any secured Indebtedness; 
 (o)	 (1) Indebtedness (i) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries Incurred or assumed in connection with an acquisition of any assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person after the Closing Date and (ii) of any Person that is acquired by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement after the Closing Date and (2) Indebtedness Incurred or, in each case, assumed in anticipation of, or in connection with, an acquisition of any assets, business or Person; provided , however , that after giving effect to such acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation and the Incurrence of such Indebtedness, on a Pro Forma Basis, (I) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is not junior to the Obligations, (x) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the date of the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) shall not exceed 5.00 to 1.00 or (y) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio of the Borrower is less than or equal to such ratio (or if less, 6.25 
 168 

to 1.00) immediately prior to such acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (II) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on Collateral that is junior to the Obligations or is unsecured, (x) the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the date of the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) does not exceed 6.00 to 1.00 or (y) the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio of the Borrower is less than or equal to such ratio (or if less, 7.00 to 1.00) immediately prior to such acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation; provided further that in the case of any Indebtedness that is Incurred (other than by way assumption), to the extent any such Indebtedness is Incurred or Guaranteed by any Loan Party, (w) if such Indebtedness is not, or would not be, subordinate in payment priority with the First Out Loan Obligations or is, or would be, secured by a Lien that is not subordinate to each Lien securing the First Out Loan Obligations, such Indebtedness shall be made subject to the priorities and other terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and each holder of such Indebtedness shall have become a party to the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative), (x) such Indebtedness shall not be Guaranteed by any Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor under the Facilities, and shall be unsecured or, if secured, secured either on a pari passu basis with the Facilities or on a junior basis to the Facilities, in each case over the same (or less) Collateral that secures the Facilities, (y) if such Indebtedness is secured, such Indebtedness shall either be subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement and (z) Indebtedness in the form of term loans that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Obligations shall be subject to the provisions contained in Section 2.14(f)(iii) as if such Indebtedness were Incurred as a New Term Facility thereunder; provided further , that the aggregate amount of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (o) by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with the aggregate amount of Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) that may be Incurred as Permitted Ratio Debt pursuant Section 7.01(b) by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties) shall not exceed 12,500,000, at any one time outstanding; 
 (p)	 Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; 
 (q)	 Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by a letter of credit or bank guarantee pursuant to any credit facility permitted hereunder, so long as such letter of credit has not been terminated and is in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit or bank guarantee; 
 (r)	 Contribution Indebtedness; 
 (s)	 Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (x) the financing of insurance premiums or (y) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 
 (t)	 Indebtedness of Non-Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 20,000,000 and (y) 3.00 of Consolidated Total Assets, at any one time outstanding, plus, in the case of any Permitted Refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (t) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest, original issue discount, premiums (including tender premiums), and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs and fees and expenses Incurred in connection with such Permitted Refinancing, outstanding at any one time (it being understood that any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (t) shall cease to be deemed Incurred, issued or outstanding pursuant to this clause (t) but shall be deemed Incurred or issued and outstanding as Permitted Ratio Debt from and after the first date on which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, could have Incurred such Indebtedness (to the extent the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is able to Incur any Liens related thereto as Permitted Liens after such reclassification)); 
 169 

(u)	 Indebtedness of a joint venture owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary and to the other holders of Equity Interests or participants of such joint venture, so long as the percentage of the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness of such joint venture owed to such holders of its Equity Interests or participants of such joint venture does not exceed the percentage of the aggregate outstanding amount of the Equity Interests of such joint venture held by such holders or such participant s participation in such joint venture; 
 (v)	 Indebtedness Incurred by a Receivables Subsidiary in a Qualified Receivables Financing or Qualified Receivables Factoring that is not recourse to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (except for Standard Securitization Undertakings) other than a Receivables Subsidiary; 
 (w)	 Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis to banks and other financial institutions in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with such banks or financial institutions that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements, including cash management, cash pooling arrangements and related activities to manage cash balances of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and joint ventures including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit, purchasing or debit card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements and Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, credit card programs, automatic clearinghouse arrangements and similar arrangements; 
 (x)	 Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness issued by any Loan Party to future, current or former officers, directors, managers, employees, consultants and independent contractors thereof or any direct or indirect parent thereof, their respective estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses, in each case to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of Holdings Topco or any Parent Holding Company permitted under Section 7.05; 
 (y)	 customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods purchased in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 
 (z)	 Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with bankers acceptances, discounted bills of exchange, warehouse receipts or similar facilities or the discounting or factoring of receivables for credit management purposes, in each case Incurred or undertaken in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 
 (aa)	 [reserved]; 
 (bb)	 (i) guarantees incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations to suppliers, customers, franchisees, lessors, licensees, sub-licensees and distribution partners and (ii) Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of leases entered into by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or any Permitted Parent in the ordinary course of business; 
 (cc)	 the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness Incurred, or representing guarantees of Indebtedness Incurred by, joint ventures; provided that the aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference, as applicable, of Indebtedness Incurred or guaranteed pursuant to this clause (cc) does not at any one time outstanding exceed the greater of (x) 10,000,000 and (y) 1.50 of Consolidated Total Assets at any one time outstanding, plus, in the case of any refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (cc) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, accrued and unpaid interest, premiums and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such refinancing (it being understood that any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (cc) shall cease to be deemed Incurred, issued or outstanding pursuant to this clause (cc) but shall be deemed 
 170 

Incurred or issued and outstanding as Permitted Ratio Debt from and after the first date on which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, could have Incurred such Indebtedness as Permitted Ratio Debt (to the extent the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is able to Incur any Liens related thereto as Permitted Liens after such reclassification)); 
 (dd)	 Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary Incurred to finance or assumed in connection with an acquisition of any assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person in an aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference that does not exceed the greater of (x) 30,000,000 and (y) 4.50 of Consolidated Total Assets at any one time outstanding, provided , that the first 10,000,000 incurred and at any time outstanding pursuant to this clause (dd) may rank pari passu with the Revolving Credit Loans for all purposes hereunder (including with respect to the payment priority afforded Revolving Credit Loans under the Agreement Among Lenders), and any excess amounts incurred and at any time outstanding pursuant to this clause (dd) shall be subject to the priorities and other terms applicable to the Term Loans under the Agreement Among Lenders, and each holder of such Indebtedness shall have entered into an agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Representative with respect to the foregoing, plus, in the case of any refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under this clause (dd) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, accrued and unpaid interest, premiums and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such refinancing (it being understood that any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (dd) shall cease to be deemed Incurred, issued or outstanding pursuant to this clause (dd) but shall be deemed Incurred or issued and outstanding as Permitted Ratio Debt from and after the first date on which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, could have Incurred such Indebtedness as Permitted Ratio Debt (to the extent the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is able to Incur any Liens related thereto as Permitted Liens after such reclassification)); 
 (ee)	 Indebtedness consisting of obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements incurred by such Person in connection with the Transactions or any Permitted Investment; 
 (ff)	 unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law; and 
 (gg)	 Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock constituting Indebtedness; provided, that (i) after giving effect to the Incurrence of such Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock, the Borrower could incur 1.00 of additional unsecured Permitted Ratio Debt on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Incurrence, and (ii) if any Indebtedness to which stock may be converted or exchanged (if applicable) is not, or would not be, subordinate in payment priority with the First Out Loan Obligations or is, or would be, secured by a Lien that is not subordinate to each Lien securing the First Out Loan Obligations, such Indebtedness shall be made subject to the priorities and other terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative) and each holder of such Indebtedness shall have become a party to the Agreement Among Lenders (or such other agreement acceptable to the First Out Lender Representative and the Last Out Lender Representative). 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.01, in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Permitted Debt, the Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, at the time of incurrence or issuance, divide, classify or reclassify, or at any later time divide, classify or reclassify, such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this Section 7.01; provided (a) that in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of the categories of Permitted Debt, the Borrower will be entitled to only include the amount of such item of Indebtedness (or any portion 
 171 

thereof) in one of the above clauses (or any portion thereof) and such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) shall be treated as having been incurred or existing pursuant to only such clause or clauses (or any portion thereof) without giving pro forma effect to such item (or portion thereof) when calculating the amount of Indebtedness that may be incurred substantially simultaneously pursuant to any other clause; and (b) that all Indebtedness under this Agreement incurred on the Closing Date shall be deemed to have been Incurred pursuant to Section 7.01(a) and the Borrower shall not be permitted to reclassify all or any portion of Indebtedness Incurred on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 7.01(a). Accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms (including the payment of dividends on Disqualified Stock in the form of additional shares of Disqualified Stock of the same class), the accretion of liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an Incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 7.01. Guarantees of, or obligations in respect of letters of credit relating to, Indebtedness that are otherwise included in the determination of a particular amount of Indebtedness shall not be included in the determination of such amount of Indebtedness; provided that the incurrence of the Indebtedness represented by such guarantee or letter of credit, as the case may be, was in compliance with this Section 7.01. Solely for the purpose of calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of any Incurrence of Indebtedness under Section 7.01(o) (other than by assumption) or of Permitted Ratio Debt or any request for an increase in any Revolving Tranche or any Term Loan Tranche, for a New Term Facility or for the issuance of Incremental Equivalent Debt pursuant to Section 2.14, any cash proceeds from such Indebtedness shall be excluded for purposes of cash netting. 
 Section 7.02.	 Limitations on Liens. Permit the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property or assets of any kind (real or personal, tangible or intangible) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (each, a Subject Lien that secures obligations under any Indebtedness, except: 
 (a)	 in the case of Subject Liens on any Collateral, such Subject Lien is a Permitted Lien; and 
 (b)	 in the case of any other asset or property, any Subject Lien if (i) the Obligations are equally and ratably secured with (or on a senior basis to, in the case such Subject Lien securing any Junior Financing) the obligations secured by such Subject Lien provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such obligations and/or the Liens securing such obligations shall be subject to the Agreement Among Lenders, if such obligations and/or such Liens are required to be subject to the Agreement Among Lenders under the other terms of this Agreement) or (ii) such Subject Lien is a Permitted Lien. 
 Any Lien created for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the preceding clause (b) shall provide by its terms that such Lien shall be automatically and unconditionally be released and discharged upon the release and discharge of the Subject Lien that gave rise to the obligation to so secure the Obligations. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event may any Material Real Property (determined without giving effect to the exclusion therein for Excluded Property) owned in fee as of the Closing Date, or the Equity Interests in any Person whose primary asset consists of one or more of such Material Real Property, be encumbered with any Lien (other than (i) Liens granted pursuant to any Loan Document to secure the Obligations, (ii) if a Lien has been granted in a Material Real Property to secure the Obligations, a Lien further encumbering such Material Real Property that constitutes a Permitted Lien and is junior in priority to each Lien granted to secure the Obligations, (iii) Liens permitted under clause (5) of the definition of Permitted Liens with respect to such Material Real Property and (iv) non-consensual Liens arising solely by operation of applicable Law). 
 172 

Section 7.03.	 Fundamental Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, amalgamate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, (other than in the case of clause (e) below) so long as no Event of Default would result therefrom: 
 (a)	 (i) any Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings Topco may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with the Borrower (including a merger, the purpose of which is to reorganize the Borrower into a new jurisdiction in any State of the United States); provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the surviving Person shall expressly assume the obligations of the Borrower pursuant to documents reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (or, if not the Borrower, the surviving Person) shall be a corporation or a limited liability company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings Topco (other than the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries) may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with Holdings Topco (including a merger, the purpose of which is to reorganize Holdings Topco into a new jurisdiction in any State of the United States); provided that Holdings Topco shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the surviving Person shall expressly assume the obligations of Holdings Topco pursuant to documents reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative, the Administrative Agent and Holdings Topco (or, if not Holdings Topco, the surviving Person) shall be a corporation or a limited liability company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings (other than the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries) may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries of Holdings (other than the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries), or (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower many merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower; provided that when any Guarantor is merging with another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (A) the Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person, (B) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a Permitted Investment (without giving effect to clauses (17) and (18) thereof) or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party in accordance with Section 7.01, respectively and (C) to the extent constituting a Disposition, such Disposition must be permitted hereunder; 
 (b)	 any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve, or the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may (if the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens securing the Obligations is not adversely affected thereby) change its legal form if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interest of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and is not disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect (it being understood that in the case of any dissolution of a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor, such Subsidiary shall at or before the time of such dissolution transfer its assets to another Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor in the same jurisdiction or a different jurisdiction reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative unless such Disposition of assets is permitted hereunder; and in the case of any change in legal form, a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor will remain a Guarantor unless such Guarantor is otherwise permitted to cease being a Guarantor hereunder); 
 (c)	 any Restricted Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or to any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Guarantor, then (i) the transferee must either be the Borrower or a Guarantor in the same jurisdiction or a different jurisdiction reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative and (ii) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a Permitted Investment or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party in accordance with Section 7.01, respectively; provided , further , that the Borrower may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to any other Loan Party; 
 173 

(d)	 any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with, or dissolve into, any other Person in order to effect Permitted Investment; provided that (i) the continuing or surviving Person shall, to the extent subject to the terms hereof, have complied with the requirements of Section 6.12, (ii) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a Permitted Investment and (iii) to the extent constituting a Disposition, such Disposition must be permitted hereunder; 
 (e)	 the Borrower and the other Restricted Subsidiaries may consummate any Specified Change of Control; 
 (f)	 any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, dissolve, liquidate, amalgamate, consolidate with or into another Person in order to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.04 (other than Dispositions permitted by this Section 7.03); and 
 (g)	 any Permitted Investment may be structured as a merger, consolidation or amalgamation, so long as no Event of Default would result therefrom. 
 Section 7.04.	 Asset Sales. Cause or make an Asset Sale, unless: 
 (1)	 the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise) at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market Value (as determined at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of; and 
 (2)	 except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75 of the consideration therefor received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents or Replacement Assets; provided , that the amount of: 
 (a)	any liabilities (as shown on the Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s most recent balance sheet or in the notes thereto for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding such date or, if incurred or accrued subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have been reflected on the Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto if such incurrence or accrual had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet in the good faith determination of the Borrower) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Obligations or are otherwise extinguished or cancelled in connection with the transactions relating to such Asset Sale, or that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets or Equity Interests pursuant to an agreement that releases or indemnifies the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, from further liability; 
 (b)	any notes or other obligations or other securities or assets received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents, or by their terms are required to be satisfied for cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days of the receipt thereof; and 
 (c)	any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (c) that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) 15,000,000 and (y) 
 174 

2.25 of Consolidated Total Assets, calculated at the time of the receipt of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration (with the Fair Market Value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); 
 shall each be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for the purposes of this clause (2). 
 Within 12 months after the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale or Casualty Event, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary shall apply an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds from such Asset Sale or such Casualty Event, at its option: 
 (1)	to prepay Loans and other Permitted Debt in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(ii); 
 
 (2)	to make an investment in any one or more businesses, assets (other than working capital assets), or property or capital expenditures, in each case used or useful in a Similar Business, provided if such investment is made in respect of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such investment must also qualify as a Permitted Investment hereunder; 
 
 (3)	to make an investment (including capital expenditures) in any one or more businesses, properties (other than working capital assets) or assets (other than working capital assets) that replace the businesses, properties and/or assets that are the subject of such Asset Sale or Casualty Event, with any such investment made by way of a capital or other lease valued at the present value of the minimum amount of payments under such lease (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), provided if such investment is made in respect of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such investment must also qualify as a Permitted Investment hereunder; or 
 (4)	any combination of the foregoing; 
 provided that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries will be deemed to have complied with the provisions described in clause (2) or (3) of this paragraph if and to the extent that, within 12 months after the Asset Sale that generated the Net Cash Proceeds, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has entered into and not abandoned or rejected a binding agreement to make an investment in compliance with the provision described in clauses (2) and (3) of this paragraph, and that investment is thereafter completed within the later of (x) such 12 month period or (y) 180 days after the end of such 12 month period. 
 Pending the final application of any such amount of Net Cash Proceeds pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii) and this Section 7.04, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary may temporarily reduce Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility, or otherwise invest or utilize such Net Cash Proceeds in any manner not prohibited by this Agreement. 
 Section 7.05.	 Restricted Payments. Directly or indirectly: 
 (1)	declare or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on account of the Borrower s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries Equity Interests, including any payment made in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving the Borrower (other than (A) dividends or distributions by the Borrower payable solely in Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower; or (B) dividends or distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend or distribution payable on or in respect of any class or series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its Pro Rata 
 175 

Share of such dividend or distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests in such class or series of securities); 
 (2)	purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 
 (3)	make any principal payment on, or redeem, repurchase, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, in each case, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any (i) Subordinated Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Guarantor (other than, subject to the applicable subordination or intercreditor provisions, the payment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, acquisition or retirement of (A) Subordinated Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Guarantor in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of such payment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, acquisition or retirement and (B) Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.01(g) or (i)) or (ii) any Indebtedness that is secured by a security interest in the Collateral that is expressly junior to the Liens securing the Obligations (clauses (i) and (ii), Junior Financing ); or 
 (4)	make any Restricted Investment; 
 (all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (1) through (4) above being collectively referred to as Restricted Payments ), unless, at the time of such Restricted Payment: 
 (a)	 solely with respect to any Restricted Payment made in reliance on (i) clause (c)(ii) below, no Default or Event of Default or (ii) clause (c)(i) below, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof; 
 (b)	 solely with respect to any Restricted Payment made in reliance on clause (c)(ii) below, the Borrower could incur 1.00 of unsecured Permitted Ratio Debt on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to such transaction; and 
 (c)	 such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date (including Restricted Payments permitted by clause (1) of the next succeeding paragraph, but excluding all other Restricted Payments permitted by the next succeeding paragraph), is less than the sum of, without duplication, 
 (i)	 12,500,000; plus 
 (ii)	 the percentage of Excess Cash Flow (if any) not required to be applied towards repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b) (with such amount determined without giving effect to the minimum threshold set forth in Section 2.05(b)(i)(A) ), determined for the period (taken as one accounting period) commencing with the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2021 (but with respect to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, the Excess Cash Flow Period shall be from the Closing Date through December 31, 2021) to the end of the fiscal year most recently ended in respect of which a Compliance Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) , plus 
 (iii)	 100 of the aggregate net proceeds, including cash and the Fair Market Value of assets (other than cash), received by the Borrower after the Closing Date from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than the issuance or sale of Excluded Equity and excluding 
 176 

the receipt of the proceeds thereof or of Excluded Contributions), including such Equity Interests issued upon exercise of warrants or options, plus 
 (iv)	 100 of the aggregate amount of contributions to the capital of the Borrower received in cash and the Fair Market Value of assets (other than cash) after the Closing Date (other than the issuance or sale of Excluded Equity and excluding the receipt of proceeds thereof and of Excluded Contributions), plus 
 (v)	 the principal amount of any Indebtedness, or the liquidation preference or maximum fixed repurchase price, as the case may be, of any Disqualified Stock, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock issued to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than to the extent such employee stock ownership plan or trust has been funded by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary)) that, in each case, has been converted into or exchanged for Equity Interests in the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (other than the issuance or sale of Excluded Equity and excluding the receipt of proceeds thereof and of Excluded Contributions), plus 
 (vi)	 100 of the aggregate amount received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in cash and the Fair Market Value of assets (other than cash) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from: 
 (A)	 the sale or other disposition (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) of Restricted Investments made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and from repurchases and redemptions of such Restricted Investments from the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries by any Person (other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and from repayments of loans or advances that constituted Restricted Investments made after the Closing Date, 
 (B)	 the sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than to the extent such employee stock ownership plan or trust has been funded by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary)) of the Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or 
 (C)	 any distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted Subsidiary, plus 
 (vii)	 in the event any Unrestricted Subsidiary has been redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or transfers or conveys its assets to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case after the Closing Date, the Fair Market Value of the Investment of the Borrower in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation, combination or transfer (or of the assets transferred or conveyed, as applicable), other than in each case to the extent that the designation of such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary was made pursuant to clause (20) of the next succeeding paragraph or constituted a Permitted Investment, plus 
 (viii)	 the aggregate amount of Declined Amounts since the Closing Date. 
 177 

This Section 7.05 will not prohibit: 
 (1)	the payment of any dividend or distribution or consummation of any redemption within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof or the giving of a redemption notice related thereto, if at the date of declaration or notice such payment would have complied with the provisions of this Agreement; 
 (2)	(a) the redemption, repurchase, retirement or other acquisition of any Equity Interests Retired Capital Stock of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, or Junior Financing of the Borrower or any Guarantor, in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of a contemporaneous issuance or sale of, Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower or contributions to the equity capital of the Borrower (other than the issuance or sale of Excluded Equity) (collectively, including any such contributions, Refunding Capital Stock ); 
 (b)	the declaration and payment of accrued dividends on the Retired Capital Stock out of the contemporaneously received proceeds of the issuance or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or to an employee stock ownership plan or any trust established by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) of Refunding Capital Stock; and 
 (c)	if immediately prior to the retirement of the Retired Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was permitted under clause (6) of this paragraph of Section 7.05 and has not been made as of such time (the Unpaid Amount ), the declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock (other than Refunding Capital Stock the proceeds of which were used to redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) in an aggregate amount no greater than the Unpaid Amount (with the payment of such Unpaid Amount being treated as a payment under the applicable provision); 
 (3)	the prepayment, redemption, defeasance, repurchase or other acquisition or retirement of Junior Financing of the Borrower or any Guarantor made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the Incurrence of, Refinancing Indebtedness thereof; 
 (4)	the prepayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction of any Indebtedness (1) existing at the time a Person becomes a Subsidiary or (2) assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets, in each case so long as such Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of, such Person becoming a Subsidiary or such acquisition; 
 (5)	the purchase, retirement, redemption or other acquisition (or Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to finance any such purchase, retirement, redemption or other acquisition) for value of Equity Interests (including related stock appreciation rights or similar securities) of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower held directly or indirectly by any future, present or former employee, officer, director, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or their estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses or permitted transferees (including for all purposes of this clause (5), Equity Interests held by any entity whose Equity Interests are held by any such future, present or former employee, officer, director, manager, consultant or independent contractor or their estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses or permitted transferees) pursuant to any equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or other agreement or arrangement or any stock subscription or shareholder or similar agreement; provided , however , that the aggregate amounts paid under this clause (5) shall not exceed 10,000,000 in any calendar year (with unused amounts in any calendar year being permitted to be carried over for the next two succeeding calendar 
 178 

years in an amount not to exceed 25,000,000); provided , further , however , that such amount in any calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed: 
 (a)	the cash proceeds received by the Borrower from the issuance or sale of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (to the extent contributed to the Borrower), in each case, to any future, present or former employees, officers, directors, managers, consultants or independent contractors of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower that occurs after the Closing Date; provided that the amount of such cash proceeds utilized for any such repurchase, retirement, other acquisition or dividend will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (c) of the immediately preceding paragraph; plus 
 (b)	the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (to the extent contributed to the Borrower) after the Closing Date; plus 
 (c)	the amount of any cash bonuses otherwise payable to employees, officers, directors, managers, consultants or independent contractors of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower that are foregone in return for the receipt of Equity Interests; less 
 (d)	the amount of cash proceeds described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of this clause (5) previously used to make Restricted Payments pursuant to this clause (5); provided that the Borrower may elect to apply all or any portion of the aggregate increase contemplated by clauses (a), (b) and (c) above in any calendar year); 
 provided , further , cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any future, current or former officer, director, employee, manager, consultant or independent contractor (or any permitted transferees thereof) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower from such Persons will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Section 7.05 or any other provisions of this Agreement; 
 (6)	the declaration and payment of dividends or distributions to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any class or series of Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiaries issued or Incurred in accordance with the covenant described in Section 7.01; 
 (7)	the declaration and payment of dividends or distributions to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) and the declaration and payment of dividends to the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, the proceeds of which will be used to fund the payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower issued after the Closing Date; provided , however , that (A) immediately after giving effect to the issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock, (x) the Borrower s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.75 to 1.00 and (y) the Borrower s Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00 to 1.00 and (B) the aggregate amount of dividends declared and paid pursuant to this clause (7) does not exceed the Net Cash Proceeds actually and contemporaneously received by the Borrower from the sale (or the contribution of the Net Cash Proceeds from the sale) of Designated Preferred Stock; 
 (8)	any Restricted Payments made in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, including any dividends, payments or loans made to the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to enable it to make any such payments or any future payments to employees of the 
 179 

Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower under agreements entered into in connection with the Transactions; 
 (9)	[reserved]; 
 (10)	Restricted Payments that are made with Excluded Contributions so long as either (i) such Restricted Payments are made contemporaneously with the receipt of such Excluded Contributions or (ii) if not made contemporaneously, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof; 
 (11)	other Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount taken together with all other Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (11) not to exceed when aggregated with the amount of prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasement or other satisfaction prior to the scheduled maturity thereof of any Junior Financing, 12,500,000; 
 (12)	[reserved]; 
 (13)	Permitted Tax Distributions; 
 (14)	the declaration and payment of dividends, other distributions or other amounts to, or the making of loans to the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, in the amount required for such entity to, if applicable: 
 (a)	pay amounts equal to the amounts required for the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to pay fees and expenses (including Taxes), customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, officers, employees, directors, managers, consultants or independent contractors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, if applicable, and general corporate operating (including, without limitation, expenses related to auditing and other accounting matters) and overhead costs and expenses of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, if applicable, in each case to the extent such fees, expenses, salaries, bonuses, benefits and indemnities are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 
 (b)	pay, if applicable, amounts equal to amounts required for the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to pay interest and/or principal on Indebtedness the proceeds of which have been contributed (collectively, Debt Contributions to the Borrower (other than as Excluded Equity) and that has been guaranteed by, and is otherwise considered Indebtedness of, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary Incurred in accordance with Section 7.01 (except to the extent any such payments have otherwise been made by any such guarantor); 
 (c)	pay fees and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower related to (i) the maintenance of such parent entity of its corporate or other entity existence and performance of its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any unsuccessful equity or debt offering of such parent entity (or any debt or equity offering from which such parent does not receive any proceeds) and (iii) any equity or debt issuance, incurrence or offering, any disposition or acquisition or any investment transaction by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or any acquisition of or investment in any business, assets or property that will be contributed to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as part of the same or a related transaction) permitted by this Agreement; 
 (d)	make payments (i) to the Sponsor pursuant to or contemplated by any management agreement in an amount not to exceed 2.0 of Consolidated EBITDA in any Fiscal Year; provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof or (ii) to or on 
 180 

behalf of the Sponsor for any other monitoring, consulting, management, transaction, advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities, termination or similar fees, indemnities, reimbursements and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Sponsor including, without limitation, in connection with acquisitions or divestitures, including in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, which payments are approved in respect of such activities by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower in good faith; 
 (e)	pay franchise and excise taxes, and other fees, taxes and expenses in connection with any ownership of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or required to maintain their organizational existences; 
 (f)	make payments for the benefit of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent such payments could have been made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries because such payments (x) would not otherwise be Restricted Payments and also, would not otherwise be provided for under a clause above and (y) would be permitted by Section 6.18(a) or (b)(i); and 
 (g)	make Restricted Payments to any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to finance, or to any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower for the purpose of paying to any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to finance, any Investment that, if consummated by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, would be a Permitted Investment; provided that (a) such Restricted Payment is made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (b) promptly following the closing thereof, such direct or indirect parent of the Borrower causes (i) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) to be contributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation (to the extent permitted by Section 7.03) of the Person formed or acquired into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in order to consummate such acquisition or Investment, in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.12; 
 (15)	(i) repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants, (ii) payments made or expected to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable or expected to be payable by any future, present or former director, officer, employee, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower (or their respective Affiliates, estates or immediate family members) in connection with the exercise of stock options or the grant, vesting or delivery of Equity Interests and (iii) loans or advances to officers, directors, employees, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower; provided that no cash is actually advanced pursuant to this clause (iii) other than to pay taxes due in connection with such purchase, unless immediately repaid; 
 (16)	purchases of receivables pursuant to a Receivables Repurchase Obligation in connection with a Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing and the payment or distribution of Receivables Fees; 
 (17)	payments or distributions to satisfy dissenters rights, pursuant to or in connection with a consolidation, merger, amalgamation or transfer of assets that complies with the provisions of this Agreement; 
 (18)	the distribution, as a dividend or otherwise, of shares of Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries the primary assets of which are cash and/or Cash Equivalents); 
 181 

(19)	the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares of Equity Interests in connection with any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other business combination, or in connection with any dividend, distribution or split of or upon exercise, conversion or exchange of Equity Interests, warrants, options or other securities exercisable or convertible into, Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower; 
 (20)	Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (20) that are at the time outstanding, without giving effect to the sale of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the proceeds of such sale do not consist of cash, Cash Equivalents or marketable securities, not to exceed the greater of 5,000,000 and 0.75 of Consolidated Total Assets (with the Fair Market Value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); 
 (21)	[reserved]; 
 (22)	any Restricted Payment so long as immediately after giving effect to the making of such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis, the Borrower s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed (i) 3.75 to 1.00 for Restricted Payments described in clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Restricted Payments, and (ii) 4.00 to 1.00 for Restricted Payments described in clauses (3) and (4) of the definition of Restricted Payments; 
 (23)	any payment that is intended to prevent any Junior Financing from being treated as an applicable high yield discount obligation within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code; 
 (24)	any Restricted Payment made in order to consummate a Specified Change of Control; 
 (25)	any Restricted Payment made to pay interest on the Holdco Notes not to exceed the lesser of (i) 10,500,000 and (ii) the amount of interest actually required to be paid under the Holdco Notes, in each case, in any fiscal year through 2024 so long as at the time of, and after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof; provided, that this clause (25) shall only be permitted to be utilized so long as the Holdco Notes remain unsecured and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not guarantors thereunder or otherwise provide credit support; and 
 (26)	any Restricted Payment required to pay outstanding warrants in existence on the Closing Date in amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 10,000,000 and (y) 1.50 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower Parties for the four fiscal quarter period most recently then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis so long as (i) at the time of, and after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof and (ii) immediately after giving effect to the making of such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis, the Borrower s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00 to 1.00 
 provided , however , that at the time of, and after giving effect to, any Restricted Payment permitted under clauses (6), (11), (18), (20), (22) and (24), no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof. For purposes of clauses (13) and (14) above, taxes shall include all interest and penalties with respect thereto and all additions thereto. 
 The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, amend, modify or change any term or condition of (x) any Junior Financing Document equal to 
 182 

or greater than the Threshold Amount or (y) the Holdco Notes in any manner that is, taken as a whole, materially adverse to the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 
 As of the Closing Date, all of the Borrower s Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to become an Unrestricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary. For purposes of designating any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, all outstanding Investments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (except to the extent repaid) in the Subsidiary so designated will be deemed to be Restricted Payments or Permitted Investments in an amount determined as set forth in the last sentence of the definition of Investments. Such designation will only be permitted if a Restricted Payment or Permitted Investment in such amount would be permitted at such time and if such Subsidiary otherwise meets the definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement. 
 Section 7.06.	 Burdensome Agreements. Permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to: 
 (a)	 (i) pay dividends or make any other distributions to Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries on its Capital Stock; or (ii) pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (b)	 make loans or advances to Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (c)	 create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on the Collateral of such Person for the benefit of the Lenders with respect to the Facilities and the Obligations or under the Loan Documents; or 
 (d)	 sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 However, the preceding restrictions will not apply to encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of: 
 (1)	contractual encumbrances or restrictions of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in effect on the Closing Date, including pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, related Swap Contracts and Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.01(c); 
 (2)	applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation or order; 
 (3)	any agreement or other instrument of a Person acquired by or merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary that is designated a Restricted Subsidiary that was in existence at the time of such acquisition (or at the time it merges with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such Person (but, in each case, not created in contemplation thereof)), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Person, or the property or assets of the Person, so acquired or designated; provided that in connection with a merger, amalgamation or consolidation under this clause (3), if a Person other than the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is the successor company with respect to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, any agreement or instrument of such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person, shall be deemed acquired or assumed, as the case may be, by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, at the time of such merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 
 183 

(4)	customary encumbrances or restrictions contained in contracts or agreements for the sale of assets applicable to such assets pending consummation of such sale, including customary restrictions with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the sale or disposition of Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (5)	restrictions on cash or other deposits or net worth imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (6)	customary provisions in operating or other similar agreements, asset sale agreements and stock sale agreements entered into in connection with the entering into of such transaction, which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of those agreements; 
 (7)	purchase money obligations for property acquired and Capitalized Lease Obligations, to the extent such obligations impose restrictions of the nature discussed in clauses (c) or (d) in the first paragraph of this Section 7.06 on the property so acquired; 
 (8)	customary provisions contained in leases, sub-leases, licenses, sublicenses, contracts and other similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business and not entered into in contemplation of this Agreement to the extent such obligations impose restrictions of the type described in clauses (c) or (d) in the first paragraph of this Section 7.06 on the property subject to such lease; 
 (9)	any encumbrance or restriction effected in connection with a Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing that, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, are necessary or advisable to effect such Qualified Receivables Factoring or Qualified Receivables Financing; 
 (10)	any encumbrance or restriction contained in other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is incurred subsequent to the Closing Date pursuant to Section 7.01 and not entered into in contemplation of this Agreement, provided that (i) such encumbrances and restrictions contained in any agreement or instrument will not materially affect the Borrower s ability to make anticipated principal or interest payments under this Agreement (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) or (ii) such encumbrances and restrictions contained in any agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the encumbrances and restrictions contained in this Agreement (as determined by the Borrower in good faith); 
 (11)	any encumbrance or restriction contained in secured Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to Sections 7.01 and 7.02 to the extent limiting the right of the debtor to dispose of the assets securing such Indebtedness; 
 (12)	any encumbrances or restrictions, not relating to any Indebtedness, that do not, individually or in the aggregate, (x) detract from the value of the property or assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any manner material to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (y) materially affect the Borrower s ability to make future principal or interest payments under this Agreement, in each case, as determined by the Borrower in good faith; 
 (13)	customary provisions in joint venture agreements or arrangements and other similar agreements or arrangements relating solely to the applicable joint venture and not entered into in contemplation of this Agreement; and 
 (14)	any encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in clauses 7.06(a), (b), (c) and (d) imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (1) through 
 184 

(13); provided that such encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing are, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than the encumbrances and restrictions prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.06, (i) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to dividends or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make distributions on Capital Stock and (ii) the subordination of loans or advances made to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make loans or advances. 
 Section 7.07.	 Accounting Changes. Make any change in fiscal year; provided , however , that the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative, in which case, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any amendments to this Agreement that are necessary, in the judgment of the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Borrower, to reflect such change in fiscal year. 
 Section 7.08.	 Financial Covenant. As of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date), permit the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of such fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be greater than 7.00 to 1.00 (the Financial Covenant ). 
 Section 7.09.	 Holding Company. Holdings shall not conduct, transact or otherwise engage in any material business or operations; provided , that the following shall be permitted in any event: (i) its ownership of the Capital Stock of the Restricted Subsidiaries; (ii) the entry into, and the performance of its obligations with respect to the Loan Documents (including any Specified Refinancing Debt or any New Term Facility), any Refinancing Notes, any Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Junior Financing Document, any Permitted Ratio Debt documentation, any documentation relating to any Permitted Refinancing of the foregoing the Guarantees permitted by clause (v) below; (iii) the consummation of the Transactions; (iv) the performing of activities (including, without limitation, cash management activities) and the entry into documentation with respect thereto, in each case, permitted by this Agreement for Holdings to enter into and perform; (v) the payment of dividends and distributions (and other activities in lieu thereof permitted by this Agreement), the making of contributions to the capital of its Subsidiaries and Guarantees of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred hereunder by any Restricted Subsidiary and the Guarantees of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness; (vi) the maintenance of its legal existence (including the ability to incur fees, costs and expenses relating to such maintenance and performance of activities relating to its officers, directors, managers and employees and those of its Subsidiaries); (vii) the performing of activities in preparation for and consummating any public offering of its common stock or any other issuance or sale of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) including converting into another type of legal entity; (viii) the participation in tax, accounting and other administrative matters as a member of the consolidated group of the Borrower, including compliance with applicable Laws and legal, tax and accounting matters related thereto and activities relating to its officers, directors, managers and employees; (ix) the holding of any cash and Cash Equivalents (but not owning or operating any property); (x) the entry into and performance of its obligations with respect to contracts and other arrangements, including the providing of indemnification to officers, managers, directors and employees and (xi) any activities incidental to the foregoing. 
 185 

Section 7.10.	 Division of Loan Parties. Notwithstanding anything herein or any other Loan Document to the contrary, no Loan Party that is a limited liability company may divide itself into two or more limited liability companies or series thereof (pursuant to a plan of division as contemplated under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative), except that any Loan Party that is a limited liability company may divide itself into two or more limited liability companies or series thereof (pursuant to a plan of division as contemplated under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent so long as all such limited liability companies or series thereof are Borrowers (if the entity divided is a Borrower) or Guarantors (if the entity divided is a Guarantor) and such new Borrowers or new Guarantors, as applicable, comply with the obligations set forth in Section 6.12 and the other applicable further assurances obligations set forth in the Loan Documents. 
 Section 7.11.	 Intellectual Property. In addition and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (1) any material intellectual property or material intellectual property rights owned (or held, in relation to contractual rights) by a Loan Party, in each case reasonably required for the operation of the business and registered in the U.S., shall not be transferred to or exclusively licensed to any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, (2) any material intellectual property owned (or held, in relation to contractual rights) and reasonably required for the operation of the business and registered in the U.S. by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor shall not be invested in, distributed to, disposed of to, transferred or exclusively licensed to any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor and (3) at no time shall any Unrestricted Subsidiary own, control or hold an exclusive license to any intellectual property that is material to the business of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 ARTICLE VIII. Events of Default and Remedies 
 Section 8.01.	 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default : 
 (a)	 Non-Payment . The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when due and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or any other amount payable hereunder or with respect to any other Loan Document; or 
 (b)	 Specific Covenants . The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Sections 6.03(a), 6.05(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower), 6.11 or in any Section of Article VII (subject to, in the case of Section 7.08, the cure rights contained in Section 8.03 and the proviso at the end of this clause (b)) or Holdings fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 7.09 ; or 
 (c)	 Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any covenant or agreement (other than those specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; or 
 (d)	 Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect (or in any respect to the extent any such representation or 
 186 

warranty is already qualified by materiality) when made or deemed made provided that the failure of any representation or warranty to be true and correct on the Closing Date will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default); or 
 (e)	 Cross-Default . Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (or, with respect to clauses (A)(y) and (B)(y) only, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of (x) any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations and intercompany Indebtedness) having an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to or greater than the Threshold Amount or (y) the Holdco Notes so long as the Holdco Notes have an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to or greater to the Threshold Amount or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition, or any event or condition occurs that results, in each case relating to (x) any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations and intercompany Indebtedness) having an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to or greater than the Threshold Amount or (y) the Holdco Notes so long as the Holdco Notes have an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to or greater to the Threshold Amount, in each case the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) after the expiration of any applicable grace or cure period therefor to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, in each case, prior to its Stated Maturity; provided that this clause (e)(B) shall not apply to (x) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale or transfer or other Disposition (including a Casualty Event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness permitted hereunder and under the documents providing for such Indebtedness and such Indebtedness is repaid when required under the documents providing for such Indebtedness, (y) events of default, termination events or any other similar event under the documents governing Swap Contracts for so long as such event of default, termination event or other similar event does not result in the occurrence of an early termination date or any acceleration or prepayment of any amounts or other Indebtedness payable thereunder or (z) Indebtedness that upon the happening of any such default or event automatically converts into Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock or, in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock) in accordance with its terms; provided further , that such failure is unremedied and is not validly waived by the holders of such Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the documents governing such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 8.02; or 
 (f)	 Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, a winding-up, an administration, a dissolution, or a composition or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other action is commenced (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise); or appoints, applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, judicial manager, provisional liquidator, administrator, receiver and manager, controller, monitor or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, judicial manager, provisional liquidator, administrator, administrative receiver, receiver and manager, controller, monitor or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or substantially all of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
 (g)	 Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay 
 187 

its debts as they become due or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued, commenced or levied against all or substantially all of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 days after its issue, commencement or levy, or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction; or 
 (h)	 Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) equal to or greater than 20,000,000 (to the extent not paid and not covered by (i) independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and does not deny coverage or (ii) an enforceable indemnity which is likely to be collectable to the extent that such Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary shall have made a claim for indemnification and the applicable indemnifying party shall not have disputed such claim) and there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 
 (i)	 ERISA . (i) One or more ERISA Events occur or there is or arises an Unfunded Pension Liability (taking into account only Plans with positive Unfunded Pension Liability) which event or events or unfunded liability or unfunded liabilities results or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) with respect to a Foreign Plan, termination, withdrawal, imposition of a Lien or noncompliance with applicable Law or plan terms that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 
 (j)	 Invalidity of Certain Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Collateral Document, any Guaranty, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement and/or any Intercreditor Agreement required to be entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (in each case, subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Exceptions), at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.03 or Section 7.04) or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) or any Lien on a material portion of the Collateral ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement, any Collateral Document, any Guaranty, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement and any Intercreditor Agreement required to be entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) and termination of the Aggregate Commitments), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Loan Document or the Liens created thereby cease having the priority required by this Agreement or other applicable Loan Document (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or the Collateral Documents), except in each case (i) as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing securities pledged under the Collateral Documents, or (ii) as to Collateral consisting of real property, to the extent that such losses are covered by a lender s title insurance policy and such insurers have not denied or failed to acknowledge coverage; or 
 (k)	 Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control that is not a Specified Change of Control. 
 188 

Section 8.02.	 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing (including any Event of Default arising by virtue of the termination and declaration contemplated by the proviso to Section 8.01(b)), the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders (or other groups of directing Lenders as provided in the Agreement Among Lender), take any or all of the following actions: 
 (a)	 declare the commitment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Delayed Draw Commitment) of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 
 (b)	 declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon (including, without limitation, any Make-Whole Amount or prepayment premium), and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; 
 (c)	 require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and 
 (d)	 exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents, under any document evidencing Indebtedness in respect of which the Facilities have been designated as Designated Senior Debt (or any comparable term) and/or under applicable Law; 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 Section 8.03.	 Right to Cure . 
 (a)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01 or 8.02, in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the requirements of the Financial Covenant, then (A) from the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower until the expiration of the tenth Business Day subsequent to the date the relevant Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) (the last day of such period being the Anticipated Cure Deadline ), Holdings Topco shall have the right (the Cure Right to issue common Equity Interests, preferred equity certificates and/or convertible preferred equity certificates (so long as such preferred equity certificates and convertible preferred equity certificates do not constitute Disqualified Stock) or in another form reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative for cash and contribute the proceeds therefrom in the form of common Equity Interests, to the Borrower or obtain a contribution to Holdings Topco s equity (which shall be in the form of common Equity Interests, preferred equity certificates and/or convertible preferred equity certificates (so long as such preferred equity certificates and convertible preferred equity certificates do not constitute Disqualified Stock) or otherwise in a form reasonably acceptable to the Blackstone Credit Representative (the Cure Equity and contribute the proceeds therefrom in the form of common Equity Interests to the Borrower), and upon the receipt by the Borrower of such cash (the Cure Amount ), pursuant to the exercise 
 189 

by the Borrower of such Cure Right, the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA as used in the Financial Covenant shall be recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments: 
 (i)	 Consolidated EBITDA for such fiscal quarter (and for any subsequent period that includes such fiscal quarter) shall be increased, solely for the purpose of measuring the Financial Covenant and not for any other purpose under this Agreement (including but not limited to determining the availability or amount of any covenant baskets or carve-outs (including the determination of amounts available under Section 7.05) or determining the Applicable Commitment Fee or Applicable Rate, provided that, in determining the Applicable Commitment Fee or the Applicable Rate, effect shall be given to the relevant Cure Amount for purposes of clause (y) in the respective definitions thereof, such that no Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred and be continuing), by an amount equal to the Cure Amount; provided that (1) the receipt by the Borrower of the Cure Amount pursuant to the Cure Right shall be deemed to have no other effect whatsoever under this Agreement (including but not limited to determining the availability or amount of any covenant baskets or carve-outs or determining the Applicable Commitment Fee or Applicable Rate, provided that, in determining the Applicable Commitment Fee or the Applicable Rate, effect shall be given to the relevant Cure Amount for purposes of clause (y) in the respective definitions thereof, such that no Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred and be continuing) and (2) no Cure Amount shall reduce Indebtedness on a Pro Forma Basis for the applicable period for purposes of calculating the Financial Covenant or calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, nor shall any Cure Amount held by the Borrower Parties qualify as unrestricted cash or Cash Equivalents of the Borrower Parties for the purposes of calculating any net obligations or liabilities under the terms of this Agreement; and 
 (ii)	 if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Borrower shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the Financial Covenant, the Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the Financial Covenant as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of the Financial Covenant that had occurred shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement (and any other Default or Event of Default as a result thereof, including the failure to meet any condition requiring no Default or Event of Default based solely on the basis of any actual or purported Event of Default under the Financial Covenant); and 
 (iii)	 upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of written notice, on or prior to the Anticipated Cure Deadline, that the Borrower intends to exercise the Cure Right in respect of a fiscal quarter, the Lenders and in the case of clause (ii) below, the L/C Issuers (i) shall not be permitted to accelerate Loans held by them, to terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments held by them or to exercise remedies against the Collateral on the basis of a failure to comply with the requirements of the Financial Covenant, unless such failure is not cured pursuant to the exercise of the Cure Right on or prior to the Anticipated Cure Deadline and (ii) shall not be obligated to make any Credit Extension under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 (b)	 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in each four consecutive fiscal-quarter period there shall be at least two fiscal quarters in respect of which the Cure Right is not exercised, (ii) there can be no more than five fiscal quarters in respect of which the Cure Right is exercised during the term of the Facilities and (iii) for purposes of this Section 8.03, the Cure Amount utilized shall be no greater than the minimum amount required to remedy the applicable failure to comply with the Financial Covenant. 
 Section 8.04.	 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 
 190 

2.16 and 2.17, be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order (or such other order as provided in the Agreement Among Lenders, which shall govern over this Section 8.04): 
 (a)	 first , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III and amounts owing in respect of (x) the preservation of Collateral or the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral or (y) with respect to enforcing the rights of the Secured Parties under the Loan Documents) payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in their respective capacity as such; 
 (b)	 second , to payment in full of Unfunded Advances/Participations (the amounts so applied to be distributed between or among, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers pro rata in accordance with the amounts of Unfunded Advances/Participations owed to them on the date of any such distribution); 
 (c)	 third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel payable under Sections 10.04 and 10.05) arising under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under Article III, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (c) held by them; 
 (d)	 fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (d) held by them; 
 (e)	 fifth , (i) to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, the L/C Borrowings and obligations of the Loan Parties then owing under Secured Hedge Agreements and the Secured Cash Management Agreements and (ii) to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprising the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.16, ratably among the Lenders, the L/C Issuers, the Approved Counterparties party to such Secured Hedge Agreements and the Cash Management Banks party to such Secured Cash Management Agreements in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (e) held by them; provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to the foregoing clause (ii) shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable L/C Issuers to Cash Collateralize such L/C Obligations, (y) subject to Sections 2.03(d) and 2.16, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (e) shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit without any pending drawing, the Pro Rata Share of Cash Collateral attributable to such expired Letter of Credit shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in this Section 8.04; 
 (f)	 sixth , to the payment of all other Obligations of the Loan Parties owing under or in respect of the Loan Documents that are then due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations then owing to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties; and 
 (g)	 last, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations not yet due and owing), to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law; 
 provided that no amounts received from any Guarantor shall be applied to Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor. 
 191 

If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired without any pending drawing, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in accordance with the priority of payments set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application of payments described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Approved Counterparty, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank or Approved Counterparty not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 
 It is understood and agreed by each Loan Party and each Secured Party that the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any determinations made by it in this Section 8.04, in each case except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). Each Loan Party and each Secured Party also agrees that the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may (but shall not be required to), at any time and in its sole discretion, and with no liability resulting therefrom, petition a court of competent jurisdiction regarding any application of Collateral in accordance with the requirements hereof, and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to wait for, and may conclusively rely on, any such determination. 
 ARTICLE IX. Administrative Agent and Other Agents 
 Section 9.01.	 Appointment and Authorization of Agents . 
 (a)	 Each Lender and L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Wilmington Trust, National Association to act on its behalf as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (subject to the provisions in Section 9.09), and designates and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement, each other Loan Document and the Agreement Among Lenders and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other group authorized to issue instructions under the Agreement Among Lenders, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties through its officers, directors, agents, employees, or affiliates. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (and, to the extent expressly set forth in this Article, each Cash Management Bank and each Approved Counterparty), and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall any Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Agreement Among Lenders or otherwise exist against any Agent. Regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing and without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 
 192 

(b)	 Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) by it and the documents associated therewith, and such L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents (or any of them) in this Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued (or arranged) by it or proposed to be issued (or arranged) by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent as used in this Article IX and in the definition of Agent-Related Person included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer. 
 (c)	 The Administrative Agent shall also act as the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a Lender and a potential Cash Management Bank party to a Secured Cash Management Agreement and/or a potential Approved Counterparty party to a Secured Hedge Agreement) hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest, charge or other Lien created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or in trust for) such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent as Collateral Agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in- fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.02 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX (including Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents and the Agreement Among Lenders) and Section 10.04 as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto and all references to Administrative Agent in this Article IX shall, where applicable, be read as including a reference to the Collateral Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent as Collateral Agent to execute any and all documents (including releases) with respect to the Collateral and the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto (including any Intercreditor Agreement), as contemplated by and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents and acknowledge and agree that any such action by any Agent shall bind the Lenders (including in its capacities as a Lender, L/C Issuer (if applicable) and a potential Cash Management Bank party to a Secured Cash Management Agreement and/or a potential Approved Counterparty party to a Secured Hedge Agreement). 
 (d)	 Any corporation or association into which any Agent may be converted or merged, or with which it may be consolidated, or to which it may sell or transfer all or substantially all of its corporate trust business and assets as a whole or substantially as a whole, or any corporation or association resulting from any such conversion, sale, merger, consolidation or transfer to which such Agent is a party, will be and become the successor Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement and will have and succeed to the rights, powers, duties, immunities and privileges as its predecessor, without the execution or filing of any instrument or paper or the performance of any further act. 
 Section 9.02.	 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Agreement Among Lenders (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents or of exercising any rights and remedies thereunder) by or through agents, sub-agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Agent-Related Persons. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence 
 193 

or willful misconduct by the Administrative Agent, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Agent-Related Persons of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 Section 9.03.	 Liability of Agents . 
 (a)	 No Agent-Related Person shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Agreement Among Lenders or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein, to the extent determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction), (ii) liable for any action taken or not taken by it (A) with the consent or at the request of the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative, the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (B) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by the final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, (iii) responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof, contained herein, in any other Loan Document or in the Agreement Among Lenders, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Agreement Among Lenders, (iv) responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien, or security interest created or purported to be created under the Collateral Documents, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other party to any Loan Document or the Agreement Among Lenders to perform its obligations hereunder, (v) responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral or (vi) responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Agreement Among Lenders, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions relating to Affiliate Lenders, Debt Fund Affiliates or Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or participant or prospective Lender or participant is a Disqualified Institution, a Debt Fund Affiliate or an Affiliate Lender or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participant of loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to, or the restriction on any exercise of rights or remedies of, any Disqualified Institution, Debt Fund Affiliate or Affiliate Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent shall be obligated to calculate or confirm the calculations of any financial covenants set forth herein or the other Loan Documents or in any of the financial statements of the Loan Parties. No Agent shall be liable to the Lenders for any apportionment or distribution of payments made by it to such Lenders in good faith and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error, the sole recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made shall be to recover pro rata from the other Lenders any payment equal to the amount to which they are determined to be entitled (and such other Lenders hereby agree to return to such Lender any such erroneous payments received by them). 
 194 

(b)	 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to (i) take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents or the Agreement Among Lenders that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative, the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents or the Agreement Among Lenders); provided that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document, the Agreement Among Lenders or applicable Law; and (ii) to disclose, except as expressly set forth herein, in the other Loan Documents and in the Agreement Among Lenders, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by any Person serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
 (c)	 Any assignor of a Loan or seller of a participation hereunder shall be entitled to rely conclusively on a representation of the assignee Lender or Participant in the relevant Assignment and Assumption or participation agreement, as applicable, that such assignee or purchaser is not a Disqualified Institution, a Debt Fund Affiliate or an Affiliate Lender. No Agent shall have any responsibility or liability for monitoring the list or identities of, or enforcing provisions relating to, Disqualified Institutions, Debt Fund Affiliates or Affiliate Lenders. 
 (d)	 In no event shall any Agent be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement or any related documents because of circumstances beyond such Agent s control, including, but not limited to, a failure, termination, or suspension of a clearing house, securities depositary, settlement system or central payment system in any applicable part of the world or acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), civil or military disturbances or hostilities, nuclear or natural catastrophes, political unrest, explosion, severe weather or accident, earthquake, terrorism, fire, riot, labor disturbances, strikes or work stoppages for any reason, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations or the like (whether domestic, federal, state, county or municipal or foreign) which delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this Agreement or any related documents, or the unavailability of communications or computer facilities, the failure of equipment or interruption of communications or computer facilities, or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility, or any other causes beyond the Agent s control whether or not of the same class or kind as specified above. 
 (e)	 Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall require any Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers hereunder. 
 (f)	 The Agents shall have no obligation for (a) perfecting, maintaining, monitoring, preserving or protecting the security interest or Lien granted under this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby; (b) the filing, re-filing, recording, re-recording, or continuing of any document, financing statement, mortgage, assignment, notice, instrument of further assurance, or other instrument in any public office at any time or times; or (c) providing, maintaining, monitoring, or preserving insurance on or the payment of taxes with respect to any Collateral. 
 Section 9.04.	 Reliance by Agents . 
 (a)	 Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, request, consent, certificate, instrument, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, 
 195 

Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution statement or other document or conversation reasonably believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and reasonably believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. Each Agent may consult with, and rely upon (and be fully protected in relying upon), advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document or the Agreement Among Lenders, unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or such other number of Lenders as may be expressly provided hereby or by the Agreement Among Lenders in any instance) and/or the Blackstone Credit Representative and/or the Ally Representative (as applicable) as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Agreement Among Lenders in accordance with a request or consent of the Blackstone Credit Representative or the Required Lenders (or such other number of Lenders as may be expressly provided hereby or thereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. 
 (b)	 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Sections 4.01 and 4.02, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date, specifying its objection thereto. 
 Section 9.05.	 Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to any Event of Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders or the Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders or such number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) in accordance with Article VIII; provided, however, that unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders or the holders of a particular Tranche. 
 Section 9.06.	 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents. Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender represents and warrants to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to 
 196 

the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Agreement Among Lenders and to extend credit to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereunder. Each Lender also represents and warrants that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Agreement Among Lenders, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by any Agent herein (which in any event, shall be deemed to be furnished without representation or warranty of any kind), such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. 
 Section 9.07.	 Indemnification of Agents. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each Lender shall, on a ratable basis based on such Lender s Pro Rata Share of all the Facilities (determined as of the time that the applicable indemnity payment is sought (or if such indemnity payment is sought after the date on which the Total Outstandings have been paid in full and the Commitments have terminated, in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares of the Facilities immediately prior to the date on which the Total Outstandings are paid in full and the Commitments have terminated)), indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party upon an Agent s demand and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person in each case from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by such Agent-Related Person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as L/C Issuer); provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable for any Indemnified Liabilities incurred by an Agent-Related Person to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities are determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct; provided , however , that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative, the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be provided by the Loan Documents or the Agreement Among Lenders) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.07; provided , further , that to the extent any L/C Issuer is entitled to indemnification under this Section 9.07 solely in its capacity and role as an L/C Issuer, only the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be required to indemnify such L/C Issuer under this Section 9.07 (which indemnity shall be provided by such Lenders based upon their respective Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Credit Facility). In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 shall apply whether or not any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person. 
 Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its Pro Rata Share of all the Facilities (determined as of the time that the applicable reimbursement payment is sought (or if such reimbursement payment is sought after the date on which the Total Outstandings have been paid in full and the Commitments have terminated, in accordance with its Pro Rata Shares of the Facilities immediately prior to the date on which the Total Outstandings are paid in full and the Commitments have terminated)) of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, the Agreement Among Lenders, any other Loan Document or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not 
 197 

reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower; provided that such reimbursement by the Lenders shall not affect the Borrower s continuing reimbursement obligations with respect thereto; provided further , that failure of any Lender to indemnify or reimburse the Administrative Agent shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation in respect thereof. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to such Lender from any source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under this Section 9.07. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 9.08.	 Agents in their Individual Capacities. Any Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue (or arrange) letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Capital Stock in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with each of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates as though it were not an Agent or an L/C Issuer hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, an Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that such Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to its Loans, if applicable, such Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Agreement Among Lenders as any other Lender and may exercise such rights and powers as though it were not, if applicable, an Agent or an L/C Issuer, and the terms Lender and Lenders include, if applicable, such Agent in its individual capacity (unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires). 
 Section 9.09.	 Successor Agents . 
 (a)	 The Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may resign as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, upon 30 days written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or a controlling Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is subject to an Agent-Related Distress Event, the Required Lenders or the Borrower may remove such Agent from such role upon ten (10) days written notice to the Lenders. In addition, as long as Blackstone Credit Entities constitute the Required Lenders, the Required Lenders may remove the Administrative Agent at any time, with or without cause and without the consent of the Borrower provided , the foregoing shall have no effect on the rights of the Borrower in the immediately succeeding sentence with respect to consent over appointment of a replacement Administrative Agent). Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall be consented to by the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f), or (g) (which consent of the Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation or removal, as applicable, of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (other than to the extent subject to an Agent-Related Distress Event or if the Administrative Agent is being removed as a result of it being a Disqualified Institution), as applicable, may (but shall not be required to) appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and the Borrower, a successor agent from among the Lenders. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the term Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall mean such successor administrative agent or such successor collateral agent, as applicable, and the retiring Administrative Agent s or Collateral Agent s appointment, powers and duties as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative Agent s or 
 198 

Collateral Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, the provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall continue in effect for its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent by the date which is 30 days following the retiring Administrative Agent s or Collateral Agent s notice of resignation or removal, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s or Collateral Agent s resignation or removal shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and (i) the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder, under the Agreement Among Lenders, and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security as bailee, trustee or other applicable capacity until such time as a successor of such Agent is appointed), (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.09 and (iii) the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder by a successor and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such amendments or supplements to the Mortgages, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents, the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges, and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder by a successor or upon the expiration of the 30-day period following the retiring Administrative Agent s or Collateral Agent s notice of resignation or removal without a successor agent having been appointed, the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents other than as specifically set forth in clause (i) above of this Section 9.09(a) but the provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Agent-Related Persons in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them solely in respect of the Loan Documents or Obligations, as applicable, while the retiring or removed Agent was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable (and in performing its duties and obligations under clause (i) above of this Section 9.09(a)). At any time the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may be removed as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder at the request of the Borrower and the Required Lenders. 
 (b)	 [Reserved]. 
 Section 9.10.	 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, administrative receivership, judicial management, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, schemes of arrangement or otherwise), arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have 
 199 

made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a)	 to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligation and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel to the extent provided for herein and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i), 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b)	 to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any administrator, administrative receiver, custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, judicial manager, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts, in each case, due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04. 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, schemes of arrangement or otherwise), arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 Section 9.11.	 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. Each of the Lenders (including in their capacities as potential Approved Counterparties party to a Secured Hedge Agreement and potential or actual Cash Management Banks party to a Secured Cash Management Agreement) and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, and each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall to the extent requested by the Borrower or, solely in the case of clause (d) below, to the extent provided for under this Agreement, 
 (a)	 release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (A) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (B) obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) and the expiration without any pending drawing or termination of all Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit which have been Cash Collateralized), (ii) that is sold, disposed of or distributed or to be sold, disposed of or distributed as part of or in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, in each case to a Person that is not a Loan Party nor is required to become a Loan Party (but no release of such Lien shall occur on account of this Section 9.11(a) as a result of any foreclosure of a Lien to the extent such foreclosure would otherwise be a permitted disposition or other permitted transaction hereunder), (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, (iv) that constitutes Excluded Property as a result of an occurrence not prohibited hereunder, (v) any equity interests in a Person that becomes and continues to be an Immaterial Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary (other than by operation of clause (b) of the definition; except if (1) any Subsidiary that becomes a non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary after the Closing Date as a result of (x) the issuance or other Disposition of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary in 
 200 

either case to a Person that is not a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party, (y) such issuance or Disposition was not entered into in contemplation of such Subsidiary s ceasing to constitute a Loan Party or in contemplation of this release provision and (z) such issuance or Disposition was pursuant to a bona fide joint venture otherwise permitted to exist under the other terms of this Agreement and (2) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would be reasonably expected to result therefrom, then such Person becoming and continuing to be an Excluded Subsidiary may be released hereby) or (vi) owned by a Guarantor upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to clause (c) below; 
 (b)	 release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Permitted Lien on such property that is permitted by clauses (1) (solely with respect to cash deposits), (4) (solely with respect to cash deposits), (5) (solely to subordinate to such Lien, but not to release any assets subject to it), (6) (only with regard to Section 7.01(d)), (9), (11) (solely with respect to cash deposits), (16), (17) (other than with respect to self-insurance arrangements), (18) (solely to the extent constituting Excluded Property), (21), (23) (solely to the extent relating to a lien of the type allowed pursuant to clause (9) of the definition thereof), (25) (solely to the extent relating to a lien of the type allowed pursuant to clause (6) of the definition of Permitted Liens and securing obligations under Indebtedness of the type allowed pursuant to Section 7.01(d)), (26) (solely to the extent the Lien of the Collateral Agent on such property is not, pursuant to such agreements, required or permitted to be senior to or pari passu with such Liens), (29) (solely with respect to cash deposits), (34), (39) (only for so long as required to be secured for such letter of intent or investment), (45), (46) (solely to subordinate to such Lien, but not to release any assets subject to it) and (48) of the definition thereof; 
 (c)	 release any Guarantor from its obligations under the applicable Guaranty if in the case of any Subsidiary, such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary or otherwise becomes and continues to be an Excluded Subsidiary (other than by operation of clause (b) of the definition; except if (1) any Subsidiary that becomes a non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary after the Closing Date as a result of (x) the issuance or other Disposition of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary in either case to a Person that is not a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party, (y) such issuance or Disposition was not entered into in contemplation of such Subsidiary s ceasing to constitute a Loan Party or in contemplation of this release provision and (z) such issuance or Disposition was pursuant to a bona joint venture otherwise permitted to exist under the other terms of this Agreement and (2) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would be reasonably expected to result therefrom, then such Person becoming and continuing to be an Excluded Subsidiary may be released hereby) as a result of a transaction or designation permitted hereunder; provided that no such release shall occur if such Guarantor continues to be a guarantor in respect of any Specified Refinancing Debt, any Refinancing Notes, any Incremental Equivalent Debt or, to the extent incurred by a Loan Party, any other Indebtedness, in each case, with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of 5,000,000; and 
 (d)	enter into any Intercreditor Agreement contemplated by this Agreement without any further approval of the Lenders. 
 Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.11. In each case as specified in this Section 9.11, the applicable Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the applicable Agent to), at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release or subordination of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents, or to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance 
 201 

with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11. Additionally, upon reasonable request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent will return possessory Collateral held by it that is released from the security interests created by the Collateral Documents pursuant to this Section 9.11; provided that in each case of this Section 9.11, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that any such transaction has been consummated in compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that such release is permitted hereby (and the Secured Parties hereby authorize and direct the Agents to rely on such certificate in performing their obligations under this Section 9.11); provided , that in the event that the Collateral Agent loses or misplaces any possessory collateral delivered to the Collateral Agent by the Borrower, upon reasonable request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent shall provide a loss affidavit to the Borrower, in the form customarily provided by the Collateral Agent in such circumstances. 
 Section 9.12.	 No Other Duties, No Fiduciary Relationship. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, neither of the Administrative Agent, Ally Representative nor the Blackstone Credit Representative shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. None of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 
 Section 9.13.	 Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements. Except as expressly set forth herein, no Cash Management Bank or Approved Counterparty that obtains the benefits of Section 8.04, the waterfall set forth in the Agreement Among Lenders, any Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Guaranty or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or of the Guaranty or any Collateral Document) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Each Cash Management Bank and Approved Counterparty, upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of a Secured Party Designation Notice, shall be an intended third-party beneficiary of the provisions hereof and of the other Loan Documents that expressly benefit the Cash Management Banks and Approved Counterparties, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Secured Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Approved Counterparty, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements in the case of a Maturity Date. 
 Section 9.14.	 Appointment of Supplemental Agents, Incremental Arrangers, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arrangers and Specified Refinancing Agents . 
 (a)	 It is the purpose of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Agreement Among Lenders that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or associations to transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction. It is recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or the 
 202 

Agreement Among Lenders, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents or the Agreement Among Lenders, or in case the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise any of the rights, powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or in the Agreement Among Lenders or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual or institution selected by them in their sole discretion as a separate trustee, co-trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent or administrative co-agent, as applicable (any such additional individual or institution being referred to herein individually as a Supplemental Agent and collectively as Supplemental Agents ). 
 (b)	 In the event that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent appoints a Supplemental Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every right, power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Agent, to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to such Collateral and to perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents or in the Agreement Among Lenders and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent or such Supplemental Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Sections 10.04 and 10.05 (obligating the Borrower to pay the Administrative Agent s and the Collateral Agent s expenses and to indemnify the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent) that refer to the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Agent and all references therein to the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent and/or such Supplemental Agent, as the context may require. 
 (c)	 Should any instrument in writing from Holdings Topco, the Borrower or any other Loan Party be required by any Supplemental Agent so appointed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, Holdings Topco or the Borrower, as applicable, shall, or shall cause such Loan Party to, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. In case any Supplemental Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, until the appointment of a new Supplemental Agent. 
 (d)	 In the event that the Borrower appoints or designates any Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 2.18, as applicable, (i) each and every right, power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed to an agent or arranger with respect to New Loan Commitments, Incremental Equivalent Debt or Specified Refinancing Debt, as applicable, shall be exercisable by and vest in such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to enable such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to the New Loan Commitments, Incremental Equivalent Debt or Specified Refinancing Debt, as applicable, and to perform such duties with respect to such New Loan Commitments, Incremental Equivalent Debt or Specified Refinancing Debt, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing 
 203 

Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Administrative Agent or such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Sections 10.04 and 10.05 (obligating the Borrower to pay the Administrative Agent s and the Collateral Agent s expenses and to indemnify the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent) that refer to the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent and all references therein to the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent and/or such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent, as the context may require, provided that the Administrative Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right to designate counsel for purposes of any reimbursement limitation hereunder. Each Lender and L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints any Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent to act on its behalf hereunder and under the other Loan Documents pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 2.18, as applicable, and designates and authorizes such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to such Incremental Arranger, Incremental Equivalent Debt Arranger or Specified Refinancing Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 Section 9.15.	 Intercreditor Agreement. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are authorized by the Lenders and each other Secured Party to, (a) enter into the Agreement Among Lenders and (b) to the extent required by the terms of the Loan Documents, (i) enter into any Intercreditor Agreement contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) enter into any Collateral Document, or (iii) make or consent to any filings or take any other actions in connection therewith (and any amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to, such agreements in connection with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any Indebtedness of such Loan Party that is permitted to be secured pursuant to Sections 7.01 and 7.02 of this Agreement, in order to permit such Indebtedness to be secured by a valid, perfected lien on the Collateral (with such priority as may be designated by such Loan Party, to the extent such priority is permitted by the Loan Documents)), and the parties hereto acknowledge that any Intercreditor Agreement, Collateral Document, consent, filing or other action will be binding upon them. Each Lender and each other Secured Party (a) hereby agrees that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the Agreement Among Lenders and any Intercreditor Agreement (if entered into) and (b) hereby authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to enter into the Agreement Among Lenders and any Intercreditor Agreement contemplated by this Agreement or Collateral Document (and any amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to, such agreements in connection with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any Indebtedness of such Loan Party that is permitted to be secured pursuant to Sections 7.01 and 7.02 of this Agreement, in order to permit such Indebtedness to be secured by a valid, perfected lien on the Collateral (with such priority as may be designated by such Loan Party, to the extent such priority is permitted by the Loan Documents)), and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations to the provisions thereof. 
 Section 9.16.	 Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 3.01, each Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within 30 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, because the appropriate 
 204 

form was not delivered or not property executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of withholding tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this paragraph. The agreements in this paragraph shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other obligations under any Loan Document. 
 Section 9.17.	 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a)	 Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Ally Representative, the Blackstone Credit Representative and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i)	 such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement; 
 (ii)	 the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; 
 (iii)	 (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of subsections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 
 (iv)	 such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative), in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b)	 In addition, unless either subclause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, 
 205 

as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that: none of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Ally Representative, the Blackstone Credit Representative or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 ARTICLE X. Miscellaneous 
 Section 10.01.	 Amendments, Etc. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement or the applicable Loan Document, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than the Fee Letters and the Agreement Among Lenders), and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, at the instruction of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, to the extent it is not a Defaulting Lender (other than with respect to any amendment or waiver contemplated in (i) clause (h) below, which shall only require the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders or (ii) clause (i) below, which shall only require the consent of the Required Delayed Draw Lenders), and each such amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
 (a)	 extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender, or reinstate the Commitment of any Lender after the termination of such Commitment pursuant to Section 8.02, in each case without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) any Default or Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender); 
 (b)	 postpone any date scheduled for, or reduce or forgive the amount of, any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Loan or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (and subject to such further requirements as may be applicable thereto under the last two paragraphs of this Section 10.01), it being understood that the waiver of any obligation to pay interest at the Default Rate, or the amendment or waiver of any mandatory prepayment of Loans under the Term Facilities shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal, interest or fees; 
 (c)	 reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing (it being understood that a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or mandatory prepayment shall not constitute a reduction or forgiveness of principal), or (subject to clause (ii) of the proviso following clause (g) below) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, it being understood that any change to the definition of First Lien Net Leverage Ratio or in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction in any fees based thereon; provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate; 
 206 

(d)	 modify the provisions of Section 2.05(a), 2.12(a), 2.13 or 8.04 in a manner that would by its terms alter the pro rata sharing or application of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby and, in the case of any modification of Section 8.04 or the waterfall set forth in the Agreement Among Lenders, the written consent of each Cash Management Bank and each Approved Counterparty directly and adversely affected thereby; 
 (e)	 change (i) any provision of this Section 10.01 (other than the last two paragraphs of this Section), or the definition of Required Lenders or Majority Lenders, or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders or portion of the Loans or Commitments required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder (other than the definition specified in clause (ii) of this Section 10.01(e) or modifications in connection with repurchases of Term Loans, amendments with respect to the New Term Facilities and amendments with respect to extensions of maturity, which shall only require the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby), without the written consent of each Lender and, in the case of any amendment to this Section 10.01 that adversely affects any Cash Management Bank or Approved Counterparty such Cash Management Bank or Approved Counterparty, as the case may be, or (ii) the definition of Required Revolving Lenders, without the written consent of each Revolving Credit Lender; 
 (f)	 other than in a transaction permitted under Section 7.03 or Section 7.04, release all or substantially all of the Liens on the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (g)	 other than in a transaction permitted under Section 7.03 or Section 7.04, release all or substantially all of the aggregate value of the Guaranty, or all or substantially all of the Guarantors, without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (h)	 waive any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 with respect to Credit Extensions involving the Revolving Credit Facility, in each case, without the written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders; provided , however , that the amendments, modifications waivers and consents described in this clause (h) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Revolving Lenders; 
 (i)	 (x) change the definition of Required Delayed Draw Lenders or (y) waive any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 without the consent of the Required Delayed Draw Lenders; provided , however , that the amendments, modifications waivers and consents described in this clause (i) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Delayed Draw Lenders; or 
 (j)	 subordinate the payment priority of the Obligations or subordinate the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral without the written consent of each Lender; 
 and provided further that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an L/C Issuer in addition to the Borrower and the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such L/C Issuer, in its capacity as such, under this Agreement or any Letter of Credit Application or other Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued (or arranged) or to be issued (or arranged) by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, in their respective capacities as such, in addition to the Borrower and the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (provided, that any amendment or modification to the Agent Fee Letter, or waiver of any rights or privileges thereunder, shall only require the consent of the Borrower and the Agents party thereto); (iii) the lenders may enter into a separate 
 207 

agreement among lenders from time to time, subject in the case of any modification of the waterfall set forth in the Agreement Among Lenders (or any separate agreement among lenders having the effect of such a modification), to the written consent of each Cash Management Bank and each Approved Counterparty directly and adversely affected thereby; and (iv) Section 10.07(g) may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification and (v) no amendment, waiver or other modification of the Loan Documents that causes all obligations under Secured Cash Management Agreements or Secured Hedge Agreements to be guaranteed and secured other than, subject to the terms of the Agreement Among Lenders (as in effect on the date hereof or modified in accordance with this Section 10.01), on a pari passu basis with all of the Obligations hereunder, or to be secured by less than all of the collateral securing the Obligations hereunder, shall be effective without the consent of each Cash Management Bank and Approved Counterparty directly and adversely affected thereby. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any amendment, modification, waiver or other action which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders or Affiliate Lenders (other than Debt Fund Affiliates), except that (x) no amendment, waiver or consent relating to Section 10.01(a), (b) or (c) may be effected, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate Lender and (y) any amendment, modification, waiver or other action that by its terms adversely affects any Defaulting Lender or Affiliate Lender in its capacity as a Lender in a manner that differs in any material respect from, and is more adverse to such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate Lender than it is to, other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any waiver, amendment, modification or consent in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document of only the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Tranche (but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Tranche) may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the requisite percentage in interest of the Lenders with respect to such Tranche that would be required to consent thereto under this Section 10.01 if such Lenders were the only Lenders hereunder at the time. 
 This Section 10.01 shall be subject to any contrary provision of Section 2.14 or Section 2.18. In addition, notwithstanding anything else to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, (a) amendments and modifications in connection with any incurrence of New Term Loans or any increase to an existing Term Loan Tranche, in each case, in transactions provided for by Section 2.14 in order to increase the interest rate margin, increase the interest rate floor, increase, extend or add any prepayment premium, increase, extend or add any call protection or increase the amortization schedule with respect to any existing Term Loan Tranche, in each case, in order to cause any such New Term Loans or increase to such Term Loan Tranche to be fungible with such existing Term Loan Tranche may be effected without such Lenders consent, and amendments and modifications in connection with the transactions provided for by Section 2.14 or 2.18 that benefit existing Lenders may be effected without such Lenders consent, (b) if the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and the Borrower shall have (x) reasonably agreed to enter into any technical amendments or modifications in connection with a Specified Change of Control or (y) jointly identified an obvious error or any error, ambiguity or omission, defect or inconsistency of a technical nature, in each case, in any provision of the Loan Documents, then the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative) and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend or modify such provision, if in the case of amendments or modifications contemplated by this clause (b) the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five Business Days following receipt of notice thereof, (c) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend any provision of any Collateral Document, the Guaranty, or enter into any new agreement or instrument, to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or as required by local law to give effect to any guaranty, or to give effect to or to protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property so that the security 
 208 

interests comply with applicable Law, and in each case, such amendments, documents and agreements shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document and (d) the amendments referred to in Section 3.04 may be effected in accordance with the terms of such section. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any amendment, modification, waiver or other action requiring the consent or approval of Required Lenders, Lenders that are Debt Fund Affiliates shall not be permitted, in the aggregate, to account for more than 49.9 of the amounts actually included in determining whether the threshold in the definition of Required Lenders has been satisfied. The voting power of each Lender that is a Debt Fund Affiliate shall be reduced, pro rata, to the extent necessary in order to comply with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, at any time and from time to time, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the applicable Lenders) specifying in reasonable detail the proposed terms thereof, the Borrower may make one or more loan modification offers to (i) all of the specified Lenders of any Facility that would, if and to the extent accepted by any such Lender (each, an Accepting Lender ), (a) extend the scheduled Maturity Date and any amortization of the Loans and Commitments under such Facility and/or change the Applicable Rate and/or fees payable with respect to the Loans and Commitments under such Facility (in each case solely with respect to the Loans and Commitments of Accepting Lenders in respect of which an acceptance is delivered) and (b) treat the Loans and Commitments so modified as a new Facility for all purposes under this Agreement (which new Facility (along with the Lenders providing it) shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to (and bound by) the terms of the Agreement Among Lenders); provided that (x) such loan modification offer is made to each Lender offered on the same terms and subject to the same procedures as are applicable to all other Lenders under such Facility (which procedures in any case shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative) and (y) no loan modification shall affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any L/C Issuer, without its prior written consent or (ii) the specified Lenders of any Facility that would, if and to the extent accepted by any Accepting Lender, (a) extend the scheduled Maturity Date and any amortization of the Loans and Commitments under such Facility and, if applicable, change the Applicable Rate and/or fees payable with respect to the Loans and Commitments under such Facility (in each case solely with respect to the Loans and Commitments of Accepting Lenders in respect of which an acceptance is delivered) and (b) treat the Loans and Commitments so modified as a new Facility for all purposes under this Agreement; provided that (w) in no event shall such extended Loans and Commitments (1) have covenants that are more restrictive to the Borrower than the terms applicable to the non-extended Loans and Commitments of the original Facility from which such Loans and Commitments are extended (the Non-Extended Loans and Commitments ), (2) have a higher Applicable Rate and/or fees than the Non-Extended Loans and Commitments or (3) receive a greater than ratable share of any optional or mandatory prepayments than such Non-Extended Loans and Commitments, in each case, prior to the final maturity date of such Non-Extended Loans and Commitments applicable at the time of such loan modification, (x) such loan modification offer is made to the Accepting Lenders under the applicable Facility on the same terms and subject to the same procedures as are applicable to all other Accepting Lenders under such Facility (which procedures in any case shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative), (y) if the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant loan modification offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans of such Accepting Lenders, as applicable, subject to the loan modification offer, then the Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans, as applicable, of the Lenders of the applicable Facility who were not provided with the opportunity to extend their Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans may have their Revolving Credit Commitments terminated or Term Loans repaid on a non-ratable basis up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts with respect to which the Accepting Lenders have accepted such loan modification offer and (z) no loan 
 209 

modification shall affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any L/C Issuer, without its prior written consent. 
 In connection with any such loan modification offer, the Borrower and each Accepting Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative and the Ally Representative) such agreements and other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the acceptance of the applicable loan modification offer and the terms and conditions thereof, and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be amended in a writing (which may be executed and delivered by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and shall be effective only with respect to the applicable Loans and Commitments of Lenders that shall have accepted the relevant loan modification offer (and only with respect to Loans and Commitments as to which any such Lender has accepted the loan modification offer)) to the extent necessary or appropriate, in the judgment of the Blackstone Credit Representative or the Ally Representative, to reflect the existence of, and to give effect to the terms and conditions of, the applicable loan modification (including the addition of such modified Loans and/or Commitments as a Facility hereunder). No Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to accept any loan modification offer, and may reject any such offer in its sole discretion. On the effective date of any loan modification applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility, the Borrower shall prepay any Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances (to the extent participated to Revolving Credit Lenders) outstanding on such effective date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.06) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances (to the extent participated to Revolving Credit Lenders), as the case may be, ratable with any revised Pro Rata Share of a Revolving Credit Lender in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility arising from any non-ratable loan modification to the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Section 10.01. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no modification referred to above shall become effective unless the Administrative Agent, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, shall have received legal opinions, board resolutions, officers certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date under Section 4.01 or delivered from time to time pursuant to Section 6.12, Section 6.14 and/or Section 6.16 with respect to Holdings, the Borrower, all material Guarantors and each other Guarantor that is organized in a jurisdiction for which local counsel to the Administrative Agent in such jurisdiction advises that such deliveries are reasonably necessary to preserve the Collateral in such jurisdiction. 
 Section 10.02.	 Notices; Electronic Communications . 
 (a)	 General . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
 (i)	 if to Holdings, the Borrower, any other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative or an L/C Issuer, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties hereto, as provided in Section 10.02(d); and 
 (ii)	 if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 210 

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b). 
 (b)	 Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving, or is unwilling to receive, notices under Article II by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes (with the Borrower s consent), (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 (c)	 The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT-RELATED PERSONS DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT- RELATED PERSON IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall any Agent-Related Person have any liability to any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person; provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent-Related Person have any liability to any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (d)	 Change of Address, Etc. Each of Holdings, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each L/C Issuer may change its address, telecopier, telephone number or electronic mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to 
 211 

the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier, telephone number or electronic mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. 
 (e)	 Reliance by Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof except to the extent such reliance is deemed to be gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C Issuer or Lender in a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower to the extent required by Section 10.05. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 Section 10.03.	 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement . 
 (a)	 No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided hereunder and under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 (b)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Secured Parties; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) each L/C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an L/C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, or (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.09 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13); and provided further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. In the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender (or any person nominated by them) may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required 
 212 

Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold in any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such sale. 
 Section 10.04.	 Expenses. The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, Blackstone Credit, Ally and the other Agents for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including reasonable expenses incurred in connection with due diligence and travel, courier, reproduction, printing and delivery expenses), and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel (limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of (x) one primary counsel to Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and, if necessary, one local counsel to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and special counsel for each relevant specialty, in each case, in jurisdictions material to the interests of the Agents or the Lenders, (y) one primary counsel to Blackstone Credit and the Blackstone Credit Representative, and, if necessary, one local counsel to Blackstone Credit and the Blackstone Credit Representative in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and special counsel for each relevant specialty, in each case, in jurisdictions material to the interests of the Lenders) and (z) one primary counsel to Ally and the Ally Representative, and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, Blackstone Credit, the Blackstone Credit Representative, Ally, the Ally Representative, the other Agents and each Lender (including for the avoidance of doubt, each L/C Issuer) for all reasonable documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or in connection with any workout or restructuring), including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel (limited to the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of (x) one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and, if necessary, one local counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and special counsel for each relevant specialty, in each case, in jurisdictions material to the interests of the Agents or the Lenders, (y) one primary counsel to Blackstone Credit, the Blackstone Credit Representative, the other Agents and the Lenders (other than Ally) taken as a whole, and, if necessary, of one local counsel to Blackstone Credit and the Blackstone Credit Representative in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and of special counsel for each relevant specialty, in each case, in jurisdictions material to the interests of the Lenders and (z) one primary counsel to Ally and the Ally Representative, and, in the event of any actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for each Lender or group of similarly affected Lenders or Agents subject to such conflict after notification to the Borrower). The foregoing costs and expenses shall include all reasonable search, filing, recording, title insurance and appraisal charges and fees and taxes related thereto, and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Agent. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid within 30 days after invoiced or demand therefor (with a reasonably detailed invoice with respect thereto) (except for any such costs and expenses incurred prior to the Closing Date, which shall be paid on the Closing Date to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date). The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent after any applicable grace periods have expired, in its sole discretion and the Borrower shall immediately reimburse the Administrative Agent, as applicable. This Section 10.04 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than 
 213 

any Taxes arising from any non-Tax cost or expense. For purposes of this Section 10.04, the Agreement Among Lenders shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 Section 10.05.	 Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person, each Lender, each L/C Issuer, Blackstone Credit, Ally and each of their respective Affiliates (including (x) with respect to Blackstone Credit and any other Blackstone Credit Entity that is an Agent, the Blackstone Credit Representative or a Lender, any other Blackstone Credit Entity and (y) with respect to Ally and any Affiliate thereof that is an L/C Issuer, the Ally Representative or a Lender), and each partner, director, officer, employee, counsel, advisor, controlling person and other representative of the foregoing and, in the case of any funds, trustees and advisors and attorneys-in-fact (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against (and will reimburse each Indemnitee, as and when incurred, for) any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs (including settlement costs), disbursements, and reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of (i) one counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their respective Related Parties, (ii) one counsel to the other Indemnitees taken as a whole, (iii) in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for each such affected Indemnitee in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interests of the Lenders, (iv) if necessary, one local counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their respective Related Persons in each jurisdiction material to the interests of such Persons (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and special counsel for each relevant specialty) and (v) if necessary, one local counsel to the other Indemnities in each jurisdiction material to the interests of the Indemnitees (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and special counsel for each relevant specialty) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted or awarded against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (x) any actual or threatened claim, litigation, investigation or Proceeding in any way relating to, arising out of, in connection with or by reason of any of the following, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or other Proceeding): (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document, the Agreement Among Lenders, or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby or (b) any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, disbursements, fees or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from (A) the bad faith (other than in the case of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or their respective Related Parties), gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Affiliates or controlling persons or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, or members of any of the foregoing (as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) or (B) any dispute that is among Indemnitees (other than any dispute involving claims against the Administrative Agent or any other Agent or any L/C Issuer, in each case in their respective capacities as such) that a court of competent jurisdiction has determined in a final and non-appealable judgment did not involve actions or omissions of any direct or indirect parent or controlling person of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries; or (y) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, ((x) and (y), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the negligence of the Indemnitee regardless 
 214 

of whether such Indemnitee is a party thereto, and whether or not such Proceedings are brought by the Borrower, its equity holders, its Affiliates, creditors or any other third person. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through the Platform or other information transmission systems (including electronic telecommunications) in connection with this Agreement unless determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith (other than in the case of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or their respective Related Parties) or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, nor shall any Indemnitee or any Loan Party have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date); provided that such waiver of special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages shall not limit the indemnification obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 10.05. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other Proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or other Proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, and whether or not any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto. Should any investigation, litigation or other Proceeding be settled, or if there is a judgment in any such investigation, litigation or other Proceeding, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee in the manner set forth above; provided that the Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement (other than by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or their respective Related Parties) effected without the Borrower s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall be payable within 30 days after demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. This Section 10.05 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. For purposes of this Section 10.05, the Agreement Among Lenders shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 Section 10.06.	 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent, to any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or any Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, in each case in their capacities as such, exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.07.	 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a)	 The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee (other than to any Disqualified Institution to the 
 215 

extent the list of Disqualified Institutions has been made available to the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(d), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.07(f) or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(g) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 10.07(d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 10.07(b), participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Delayed Draw Term Loans, and any rights and obligations with respect thereto, may be traded separate from any Delayed Draw Commitments, and any rights and obligations with respect thereto); provided that: 
 (i)	 (A) in the case of an assignment (x) of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment under any Facility and the Loans at the time owing to it under such Facility or (y) to another Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund (other than any Disqualified Institution, to the extent the list of Disqualified Institutions has been made available to the Lenders), or to funds and accounts managed, advised or sub-advised by Blackstone Credit, no minimum amount shall need be assigned, and (B) in any case not described in clause (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.07, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the outstanding principal balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date of the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 1,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of each of the Revolving Credit Facility or a Term Facility, in each case unless each of the Blackstone Credit Representative, the Ally Representative and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (solely with respect to the Borrower) (f) or (g) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided , however , that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met; 
 (ii)	 each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non- pro rata basis; 
 216 

(iii)	no consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by clause (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.07 and, in addition (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided that (x) the Borrower shall have an absolute consent right with regards to any proposed assignment to a Disqualified Institution and (y) investment objectives and/or history of any proposed lender or its Affiliates, shall be a reasonable basis for the Borrower to withhold consent) shall be required for any assignment provided that Borrower s consent shall not be required if: (1) an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (solely with respect to the Borrower) (f) or (g) has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, (2) such assignment is in respect of a Term Facility and is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund (other than any Disqualified Institution), to funds and accounts managed, advised or sub-advised by Blackstone Credit or any Blackstone Credit Investor or (3) such assignment is in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility and is to a Revolving Credit Lender or an Affiliate of a Revolving Credit Lender (provided that such Affiliate must be a controlled bank affiliate and not a loan syndicate affiliate), or in the case of Blackstone Credit, (w) to another Revolving Credit Lender, (x) an Affiliate of such other Revolving Credit Lender (provided that such Affiliate must be a controlled bank affiliate and not a loan syndicate affiliate), (y) an Approved Fund other than any Disqualified Institution), or (z) to funds and accounts managed, advised or sub-advised by Blackstone Credit or any Blackstone Credit Investor; provided further that (1) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment unless the Borrower objects thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof and other than any Disqualified Institution) and (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment unless (1) such assignment is in respect of a Term Facility and is to a Lender, an Affiliate or a Lender or an Approved Fund or to funds and accounts managed, advised or sub-advised by Blackstone Credit or (2) such assignment is in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility and is to a Revolving Credit Lender or an Affiliate or a Revolving Credit Lender (provided that such Affiliate must be a controlled bank affiliate and not a loan syndicate affiliate), or in the case of Blackstone Credit, (w) to another Revolving Credit Lender, (x) an Affiliate of such other Revolving Credit Lender (provided that such Affiliate must be a controlled bank affiliate and not a loan syndicate affiliate), (y) an Approved Fund other than any Disqualified Institution), or (z) to funds and accounts managed, advised or sub-advised by Blackstone Credit provided that in each case the Administrative Agent shall acknowledge any such assignment) and (C) the consent of each L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility; provided , however , that the consent of each L/C Issuer shall not be required for any assignment) in respect of a Term Loan; 
 (iv)	the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (except (x) in the case of contemporaneous assignments by any Lender to one or more Approved Funds, only a single processing and recording fee shall be payable for such assignments, (y) no processing and recordation fee shall be payable in the case of assignments by a Blackstone Credit Entity (or an Approved Fund of a Blackstone Credit Entity) to another Blackstone Credit Entity, a Blackstone Credit Investor, or (for the avoidance of doubt) an Approved Fund of a Blackstone Credit Entity and (z) the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may elect to waive such processing and recording fee in the case of any assignment). Each Eligible Assignee that is not an existing Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and its applicable tax form; 
 217 

(v)	no such assignment shall be made (A) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute a Defaulting Lender or a Subsidiary of a Defaulting Lender, (B) to any natural person, (C) to any Disqualified Institution, (D) to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries except as permitted under clause (j) below or (E) to any Affiliate Lender except as permitted under Section 10.07(i); 
 (vi)	no Revolving Credit Commitments, Revolving Credit Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans may be assigned to any Affiliate Lender; 
 (vii)	the assigning Lender shall deliver any Notes or, in lieu thereof, a lost note affidavit and indemnity reasonably acceptable to the Borrower evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent; and 
 (viii)	in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable Pro Rata Share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer or Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Pro Rata Share; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this clause, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(c), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment, and subject to the obligations set forth in Section 10.08). Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Note (or, in lieu thereof, a lost note affidavit and indemnity reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement (other than any purported assignment or transfer to a Disqualified Institution) that does not comply with this clause (b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.07(d). In connection with obtaining the Borrower s consent to assignments in accordance with this clause (b), the Borrower shall be permitted to designate up to three additional individuals (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include officers or employees of the Sponsor) who shall be copied on any consent requests (or receive separate notice of such proposed 
 218 

assignments) from the Administrative Agent; provided that a failure to so copy such individuals shall not render such assignments invalid or ineffective. 
 (c)	 The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register in which it shall record the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans, L/C Obligations (specifying the Unreimbursed Amounts), L/C Borrowings and amounts due under Section 2.03, owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The Administrative Agent may, from time to time, update the Register (and shall, if updated, provide notice of such update to each applicable Lender having a Delayed Draw Commitment, solely to the extent such update relates to any Delayed Draw Term Loan or Delayed Draw Commitment held by such Lender) to reflect that any Delayed Draw Term Loans issued on a given date have been de-linked from the related remaining Delayed Draw Commitment (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall have been reduced by the aggregate amount of all related Delayed Draw Term Loans). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as Defaulting Lender. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Agent and any Lender (but only to entries with respect to itself), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. This Section 10.07(c) and Section 2.11 shall be construed so that all Loans are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any related Treasury regulations (or any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or of such Treasury regulations). 
 (d)	 Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice (other than as set forth in clause (iv) below) to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, an Affiliate Lender (other than a Debt Fund Affiliate), a Person that the Administrative Agent has identified in a notice to the Lenders as a Defaulting Lender, or a Disqualified Institution, to the extent the list of Disqualified Institutions has been made available to the selling Lender at its request) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) prior to selling any participation in any Revolving Credit Commitments, such Lender shall have provided the Borrower with not less than five Business Days advance notice of such sale. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 (in the case of any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clause (a) , (b) or (c) of such proviso, that directly and adversely affects such Participant). Subject to Section 10.07(e) , the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and the limitations of such Sections (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(g) shall be delivered solely to the participating Lender) and Section 3.08 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(b) . To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be 
 219 

entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender; provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. 
 (e)	 A Participant (i) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.08 as if it were an assignee pursuant to Section 10.07(b) and (ii) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01, 3.04 or 3.05 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent that a Participant s right to a greater payment results from a change in any Law after the Participant becomes a Participant. 
 (f)	 Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) (other than to a Disqualified Institution or a natural person) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (g)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (an SPC the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Loan, and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof or, if it fails to do so, to make such payment to the Administrative Agent as is required under Section 2.12(b). Each party hereto hereby agrees that an SPC shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and the limitations of such Sections and Section 3.08); provided that neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including under Section 3.01, 3.04 or 3.05), except to the extent that the SPC s right to a greater payment results from a change in any Law after the grant to the SPC takes place. Each party hereto further agrees that (i) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (ii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the Lender of record hereunder. Other than as expressly provided in this Section 10.07(g), (A) such Granting Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Granting Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Granting Lender in connection with such Granting Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior debt of any SPC, it will not, other than in respect of matters unrelated to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, or liquidation proceeding under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of 3,500, assign all or any portion of its rights hereunder with respect to any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) subject to Section 10.08, disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 
 220 

(h)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities; provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 10.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents, and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise. 
 (i)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, any Lender may assign all or any portion of its Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Term Loans and New Term Loans hereunder to any Other Affiliate (including any Debt Fund Affiliate), but only if: 
 (i)	 the assigning Lender and Other Affiliate purchasing such Lender s Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Term Loans or New Term Loans, as applicable, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 hereto in lieu of an Assignment and Assumption together with (x) a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) and (y) if the Other Lender is not an existing Lender, an Administrative Questionnaire and all applicable tax forms required pursuant to Section 3.01(g); 
 (ii)	 after giving effect to such assignment, Other Affiliates (other than Debt Fund Affiliates) shall not, in the aggregate, own or hold Term Loans, pari passu Specified Refinancing Term Loans and New Term Loans with an aggregate principal amount in excess of 25 of the principal amount of all Term Loans, pari passu Specified Refinancing Term Loans and New Term Loans then outstanding (calculated as of the date of such purchase); and 
 (iii)	 such Other Affiliate (other than Debt Fund Affiliates) shall at all times thereafter be subject to the voting restrictions specified in Section 10.01. 
 (j)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, so long as no Default or Event of Default, in each case, pursuant to Sections 8.01(a), (f) or (g) exists, any Lender may assign all or any portion of its Term Loans, Specified Refinancing Term Loans and New Term Loans hereunder to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, but only if: 
 (i)	 (A) such assignment is made pursuant to a Dutch Auction open to all Term Lenders, Specified Refinancing Term Loan lenders or New Term Loan lenders on a pro rata basis or (B) such assignment is made as an open market purchase; 
 (ii)	 the Borrower and its Subsidiaries do not use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Facility (whether or not the Revolving Credit Facility has been increased pursuant to Section 2.14 or refinanced pursuant to Section 2.18) or the Delayed Draw Term Loans to acquire such Term Loan or such Delayed Draw Term Loan, as applicable; and 
 (iii)	 any such Term Loans shall be automatically and permanently cancelled immediately upon acquisition thereof by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 In connection with any assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(i) or (j), each Lender acknowledges and agrees that, in connection therewith, (1) the Other Affiliates, the Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries may have, and later may come into possession of, information regarding the Sponsor, 
 221 

the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries and/or any of their respective Affiliates not known to such Lender and that may be material to a decision by such Lender to participate in such assignment (including material non-public information) Excluded Information ), (2) such Lender, independently and, without reliance on the Other Affiliates, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, any Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, has made its own analysis and determination to participate in such assignment notwithstanding such Lender s lack of knowledge of the Excluded Information and (3) none of the Other Affiliates, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, any Agent or any of their respective Affiliates shall have any liability to such Lender, and such Lender hereby waives and releases, to the extent permitted by law, any claims such Lender may have against Other Affiliates, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, any Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, under applicable laws or otherwise, with respect to the nondisclosure of the Excluded Information. 
 (k)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) Affiliate Lenders (other than Debt Fund Affiliates) shall not have any right to attend (including by telephone) any meeting or discussions (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any other Lender to which representatives of the Borrower are not then present, (ii) Affiliate Lenders (other than Debt Fund Affiliates) shall not have any right to receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more other Lenders, except to the extent such information or materials have been made available to the Borrower or its representatives, (iii) no assignments in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility may be made to the Sponsor or any Affiliate of the Sponsor and (iv) neither the Sponsor nor any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than Debt Fund Affiliates) may be entitled to receive advice of counsel to the Agents or other Lenders and none of them shall challenge any assertion of attorney-client privilege by any Agent or other Lender. Each of the Borrower and each Affiliate Lender (other than any Debt Fund Affiliates) hereby agrees that if a case under Title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code is commenced against the Borrower, such Affiliate Lenders, with respect to any plan of reorganization that does not adversely affect any Affiliate Lender in any material respect as compared to other Lenders of a Tranche, shall be deemed to have voted in the same proportion as the Lenders of the same Tranche that are not Affiliate Lenders voting on such matter (provided, that any Debt Fund Affiliate will not be subject to such voting limitations and will be entitled to vote as if it was a Lender), except that for any Required Lender vote, Debt Fund Affiliates may not, in the aggregate, account for more than 49.9 of the amounts included in determining whether the Required Lenders have consented to any amendment or waiver; and each Affiliate Lender (other than any Debt Fund Affiliates) hereby acknowledges, agrees and consents that if, for any reason, its vote to accept or reject any plan pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code is not deemed to have been so voted, then such vote will be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code such that the vote is not counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 (l)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any L/C Issuer may, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer; provided that absent the expiration or the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments for which such L/C Issuer is also a Lender, (x) on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to such resignation, the relevant L/C Issuer shall have identified a successor L/C Issuer willing to accept its appointment as successor L/C Issuer, and (y) the effectiveness of such resignation pursuant to this paragraph shall be conditioned upon such successor assuming the rights and duties of the L/C Issuer. If an L/C Issuer resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(d)). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer, (A) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, and (B) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, 
 222 

outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 (m)	 The applicable Lender, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (solely for tax purposes), shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of (i) each SPC (other than any SPC that is treated as a disregarded entity of the Granting Lender for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that has exercised its option pursuant to Section 10.07(g) and (ii) each Participant, and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each such SPC s and Participant s interest in such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement complying with the requirements of Sections 163(f), 871(h) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and the United States Treasury Regulations (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary in connection with a Tax audit or other proceeding to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the United States Treasury Regulations (or, in each case, any amended, successor or final version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of the applicable rights and/or obligations of such Lender under this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (n)	 In the event that a transfer by any of the Secured Parties of its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (and/or any relevant Loan Document) occurred or was deemed to occur by way of novation, the Borrower and any other Loan Parties explicitly agree that all securities and guarantees created under any Loan Documents shall be preserved for the benefit of the new Lender and the other Secured Parties. 
 Section 10.08.	 Confidentiality. Each of the Agents and the Lenders severally (and not jointly) agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that Information may be disclosed (a) (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, trustees, representatives and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors and service providers on a need-to-know basis (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential in accordance with customary practices) (ii) if such Person is a Blackstone Credit Entity, to any other Blackstone Credit Entity; (iii) in each case, to each of the foregoing s permitted, actual or potential, assignees and transferees; and (iv) in each case, to each of the following as they relate to any Persons referred to in the foregoing subclauses (i) through (iii): managers, administrators, directors, officers, employees, trustees, partners, funding sources, current and prospective investors, investment advisors and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential and the disclosing Person shall be responsible for compliance with this Section 10.08 by the Persons to whom such disclosure is made pursuant to this clause (a)); (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Agent, Lender or its respective Affiliates or in connection with any pledge or assignment permitted under Section 10.07(f); (c) in any legal, judicial, administrative proceeding or other compulsory process or otherwise as required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, in each case based upon the reasonable advice of the disclosing Agent s or Lender s legal counsel (in which case the disclosing Agent or Lender, as applicable, agrees (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent not prohibited by applicable Law, to promptly notify the Borrower prior to such disclosure); (d) to any other 
 223 

party to this Agreement; (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same (or at least as restrictive) as those of this Section 10.08 (or as may otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), to any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided that no such disclosure shall be made by such Lender or such Agent or any of their respective Affiliates to any such Person that is a Disqualified Institution; (g) with the written consent of Holdings Topco; (h) to the extent such Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08; (i) to any state, federal or foreign authority or examiner (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any other similar organization) regulating any Agent or Lender or any Affiliate of any Agent or Lender; (j) to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Agent or Lender); (k) to any contractual counterparty (or prospective contractual counterparty) in any swap, hedge, or similar agreement or to any such contractual counterparty s (or prospective contractual counterparty s) professional advisor (other than a Disqualified Institution); or (l) to any other party to this Agreement. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement on a confidential basis to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions; provided , that such Person is advised and agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 10.08. 
 For the purposes of this Section 10.08, Information means all information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof relating to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent or any Lender prior to disclosure by any Loan Party other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08 by such Lender or Agent. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.08 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that (i) the Information may include material non-public information concerning Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (iii) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 
 Section 10.09.	 Setoff. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Secured Party is authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Blackstone Credit Representative), without prior notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, any such notice being waived by the Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party) to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in any currency), other than deposits in fiduciary accounts as to which a Loan Party is acting as fiduciary for another Person who is not a Loan Party and other than payroll or trust fund accounts, at any time held by, and other Indebtedness (in any currency) at any time owing by, such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan Parties against any and all Obligations owing to such Secured Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document (or other Secured Document (as defined in the Security Agreement)), now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
 224 

(or other Secured Document (as defined in the Security Agreement)) and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or Indebtedness or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such Indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Secured Party agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Secured Party; provided , however , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party under this Section 10.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that the Administrative Agent and such Secured Party may have. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, in no event shall the assets of any Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO, in each case, constitute security for, or shall the proceeds of such assets be available for, payment of the Obligations of the Borrower, it being understood that the provisions hereof shall not limit, reduce or otherwise diminish in any respect the Borrower s obligations to make any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii). 
 Section 10.10.	 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 Section 10.11.	 Counterparts. This Agreement and each other Loan Document may be executed in one or more counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by telecopier or other electronic transmission of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement and such other Loan Document. The Agents may also require that any such documents and signatures delivered by telecopier or other electronic transmission be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof; provided that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature delivered by telecopier or other electronic transmission. 
 Section 10.12.	 Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Agreement Among Lenders, and those provisions of the Commitment Letter (as defined in the Blackstone Credit Fee Letter) and the Blackstone Credit Fee Letter that, by their terms, survive the termination or expiration of the Commitment Letter or the Closing Date, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. It is expressly agreed and confirmed by the parties hereto that the provisions of the Fee Letters shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the occurrence of the Closing Date, and shall continue in effect thereafter in accordance with their terms. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or 
 225 

remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto as of the date hereof. 
 Section 10.13.	 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by any Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation (other than contingent indemnification or other obligations and obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit which have been Cash Collateralized). 
 Section 10.14.	 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.14, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 Section 10.15.	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 
 (a)	 Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE THEREIN) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 
 (b)	 Submission to Jurisdiction . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE THEREIN OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION), AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK 
 226 

STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE COLLATERAL AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THE RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (c)	 Waiver of Venue . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (b) OF THIS SECTION 10.15. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 Section 10.16.	 Service of Process. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 Section 10.17.	 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 10.17 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 Section 10.18.	 Binding Effect. When this Agreement shall have become effective in accordance with Section 10.12, it shall thereafter be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders, except as permitted by Section 7.03. 
 Section 10.19.	 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and Holdings acknowledge and agrees, and each of them acknowledges and agrees that it has informed its other Affiliates, that: (i) (A) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between any of Holdings and its Subsidiaries and any Agent, Ally Representative or Blackstone Credit Representative is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents, irrespective of whether any 
 227 

Agent, Ally Representative or Blackstone Credit Representative has advised or is advising Holdings and its Subsidiaries on other matters, (B) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Agents, Ally Representative and Blackstone Credit Representative are arm s-length commercial transactions between Holdings and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Ally Representative and Blackstone Credit Representative on the other hand, (C) the Borrower and Holdings have consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (D) the Borrower and Holdings are capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Agent and the Blackstone Credit Representative is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as may otherwise be expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for Holdings or any of its respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither any Agent, the Ally Representative or the Blackstone Credit Representative has any obligation to Holdings or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Agents, the Ally Representative, the Blackstone Credit Representative and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of Holdings, the Borrower and their respective Affiliates, and neither any Agent, the Ally Representative or the Blackstone Credit Representative has any obligation to disclose any of such interests and transactions to Holdings, the Borrower or its respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Holdings and the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Agents, Blackstone Credit Representative and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Nothing contained herein shall confer upon any Lender any interest in, or subject any Lender to any liability for, or in respect of, the business, assets, profits, losses, or liabilities of any other Lender. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for notifying its Participants of any matters relating to the Loan Documents to the extent any such notice may be required, and neither any Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation, duty, or liability to any Participant of any other Lender. No Lender shall have any liability for the acts of any other Lender. No Lender shall be responsible to the Borrower or any other Person for any failure by any other Lender to fulfill its obligations to make credit available hereunder, nor to advance for such Lender or on its behalf, nor to take any other action on behalf of such Lender hereunder or in connection with the financing contemplated herein. 
 Section 10.20.	 Affiliate Activities. The Borrower and Holdings acknowledge that each of Agent and Blackstone Credit (and their respective Affiliates) is a full service securities firm engaged, either directly or through affiliates, in various activities, including securities trading, investment banking and financial advisory, investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities and financial planning and benefits counseling for both companies and individuals. In the ordinary course of these activities, any of them may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and/or financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such securities and/or instruments. Such investment and other activities may involve securities and instruments of Holdings and its Affiliates, as well as of other entities and persons and their Affiliates which may (i) be involved in transactions arising from or relating to the engagement contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents, (ii) be customers or competitors of Holdings and its Affiliates or (iii) have other relationships with Holdings and its Affiliates. In addition, it may provide investment banking, underwriting and financial advisory services to such other entities and persons. It may also co-invest with, make direct investments in, and invest or co-invest client monies in or with funds or other investment vehicles managed by other parties, and such funds or other investment vehicles may trade or make investments in securities of Holdings and its Affiliates or such other entities. The transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents may have a direct or indirect impact on the investments, securities or instruments referred to in this clause. 
 228 

Section 10.21.	 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Loan Document, any Assignment and Assumption, any Committed Loan Notice or any amendment or other modification thereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 Section 10.22.	 USA PATRIOT Act; Beneficial Ownership. Each Lender that is subject to the PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001, as amended from time to time)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. At any time or from time to time upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Loan Party will, at its expense, promptly provide Lenders with any information and documentation reasonably requested for purposes of compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (31 C.F.R. 1010.230, as amended) or other applicable anti-money laundering laws under 31 U.S.C. 5318(h) and its implementing regulations. 
 Section 10.23.	 Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the relevant Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable Law). 
 Section 10.24.	 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such 
 229 

liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a)	 the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
 (b)	the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i)	 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii)	 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii)	 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 Section 10.25.	 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . 
 To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 (a)	 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 (b)	As used in this Section 10.25, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 (i)	 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 230 

(ii)	 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with 12 C.F.R 252.82(b) ; (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) ; or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b) . 
 (iii)	 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81 , 47.2 or 382.1 , as applicable. 
 (iv)	 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 231 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES OMITTED] 
 
 Exhibit B 
 
 Amended Exhibits to the Credit Agreement 

See attached 

EXHIBIT A-1 
 FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE 
 Date: ___________, _____ 
 To:	Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent 50 South Sixth Street, Suite 1290 Minneapolis, MN 55402 Attention: Nikki Kroll 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February 8, 2021 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among LD Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, KLDiscovery Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a LD Lower Holdings, Inc.), a Delaware corporation, each lender and financial institution from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned hereby irrevocably requests (select one): 
 FORMCHECKBOX 	A Borrowing of Loans		 
 FORMCHECKBOX 	A conversion or continuation of Loans 
 1.	On ______________________________ (a Business Day). 
 2.	In the principal amount of ___________________. 
 3.	In the form of a___________________________.		 
 4.	Comprised of ___________________________. 		 [Type of Loan requested] 
 5.	[For the borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of SOFR Loans: with an Interest Period of _____ months.] 
 [The Borrowing requested herein complies with the Credit Agreement, including [the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01(b) of the Credit Agreement and] [the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01(a)(ii) and] Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement.] 
 A-1- 1 
 
 KLDiscovery Holdings, Inc. 
 By: 					 Name: Title: 
 A-1- 2 
 
 EXHIBIT J 
 FORM OF PREPAYMENT NOTICE 
 
 LOAN PREPAYMENT NOTICE 
 
 Date: _______, ____ 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, 
 as Administrative Agent 
 50 South Sixth Street, Suite 1290 
 Minneapolis, MN 55402 
 Attention: Nikki Kroll 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February 8, 2021 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among LD Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, KLDiscovery Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a LD Lower Holdings, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the Borrower , each lender and financial institution from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 This Prepayment Notice is delivered to you pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(i) of the Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby gives notice of a prepayment of Loans as follows: 
 1.	 FORMCHECKBOX Revolving Credit Loans	 FORMCHECKBOX Term Loans 
 2.	(select Type(s) of Loans) 
 FORMCHECKBOX [Base Rate Loans] in the aggregate principal amount of ________. 
 FORMCHECKBOX [SOFR Loans] with an Interest Period ending ______, 20__ in the aggregate principal amount of _______________. 
 3.	On __________, 20_ (a Business Day). 

[Signature Page Follows] 

J- 1 
 Form of Prepayment Notice 

KLDISCOVERY Holdings, Inc. 
 By: 					 Name: Title: 

J- 2 
 Form of Prepayment Notice 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 11
 kld-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries 

Entity Name 
 
 Country (State) 

Ibas Ontrack AB 
 
 Sweden 

Ibas Ontrack ApS 
 
 Denmark 

Ibas Ontrack AS 
 
 Norway 

Ibas Ontrack OY 
 
 Finland 

KLDiscovery Holdings, Inc. 
 
 United States (Delaware) 

KLDiscovery Limited 
 
 Ireland 

KLDiscovery Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

KLDiscovery Ontrack (Switzerland) GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

KLDiscovery Ontrack BV 
 
 The Netherlands 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Canada Co. 
 
 Canada 

KLDiscovery Ontrack GmbH 
 
 Germany 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Franchisor, LLC 
 
 United States (Delaware) 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Single Member P.C. 
 
 Greece 

KLDiscovery Ontrack K.K. 
 
 Japan 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

KLDiscovery Ontrack, LLC 
 
 United States (Delaware) 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Ltd (UK) Irish Branch 
 
 Ireland 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

KLDiscovery Ontrack S.L. 
 
 Spain 

KLDiscovery Ontrack S.r.l. 
 
 Italy 

KLDiscovery Ontrack Sarl 
 
 France 

KLDiscovery Ontrack S.p z.o.o. 
 
 Poland 

KLDiscovery Ontrack (HK) Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Kroll Ontrack AS 
 
 Norway 

Kroll Ontrack Data Recovery, LLC 
 
 United States (Minnesota) 

Kroll Ontrack Info. Tech. Service (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 

LD International Holdings Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

LD International Holdings SRL 
 
 Barbados 

LD Topco, Inc. 
 
 United States (Delaware) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 12
 kld-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-254452) pertaining to the KLDiscovery Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan of our report dated March 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of KLDiscovery Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Tysons, Virginia 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 13
 kld-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christopher J. Weiler, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of KLDiscovery Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 16, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher J. Weiler 

Christopher J. Weiler 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 14
 kld-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Dawn Wilson, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of KLDiscovery Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 16, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Dawn Wilson 

Dawn Wilson 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 15
 kld-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of KLDiscovery Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

March 16, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher J. Weiler 

Christopher J. Weiler 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 16
 kld-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of KLDiscovery Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

March 16, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Dawn Wilson 

Dawn Wilson 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 kld-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 kld-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 kld-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 kld-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 kld-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

