<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1406666_0001406666-23-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9322451</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252069</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1644121</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2882574</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2348501</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2048239</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001406666-23-000026.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221160131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001406666-23-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CALIX, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001406666
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				680438710
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34674
		FILM NUMBER:		23647978

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2777 ORCHARD PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-514-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2777 ORCHARD PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALIX NETWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001406666-23-000026.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 calx-20221231.htm
 10-K

calx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes: o : x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: o : x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. : x No: o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). : x No: o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes: No: x 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing sale price on the New York Stock Exchange on July 1, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. Shares held by each executive officer, director and by each other person (if any) who owns more than 10 of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of February 10, 2023, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was . 

Calix, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 26 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 59 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 59 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 59 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 60 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 60 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 60 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 60 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 60 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 60 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 62 
 Signatures 
 63 

2 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Calix, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is referred to in this document as Calix, we, our or us. This report includes forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding Calix s future financial position, business strategy and plans, product projections, anticipated market and industry trends and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believe, could, expect, may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should, plan, predict, will, would, project, potential or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include Calix s expectations concerning the outlook for its business, productivity, plans and goals for future operational improvements and capital investments, operational performance, future market conditions or economic performance and developments in the capital and credit markets and expected future financial performance. 
 Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results or events may differ materially from those projected or implied in those statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include: 
 our ability to predict our revenue and reduce and control costs related to our products or service offerings; fluctuations in our gross margin; our ability to manage our relationships with our third-party vendors, including contract manufacturers, or CMs, original design manufacturers, or ODMs, logistics providers, component suppliers and development partners; our ability to forecast our manufacturing requirements and manage our inventory; supply chain constraints and cost increases for components, shipping and logistics, which may continue to cause component shortages, longer lead times, supply interruptions and significant cost increases, and which may be exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, our dependence on sole-, single- and limited-source suppliers, some of which are located primarily or solely in China, and other factors; 
 our ability to build and sustain an adequate and secure information technology infrastructure; the quality of our products, including any undetected hardware and software defects or software bugs; 
 our ability to ramp sales and achieve market acceptance of our new products and broadband service providers , or BSPs , willingness to deploy our new products; the capital spending patterns of BSPs, and any decrease or delay in capital spending by BSPs due to macro-economic conditions, regulatory uncertainties or other reasons; the impact of government-sponsored programs on our customers and the impact to our customers of a United States, or U.S., government shutdown; our ability to develop new products or enhancements that support technological advances and meet changing BSP requirements; the length and unpredictability of our sales cycles and timing of orders; our lack of long-term, committed-volume purchase contracts with our customers; intense competition and our ability to increase our sales to larger BSPs globally; our exposure to the credit risks of our customers; the interoperability of our products with BSP networks; our ability to estimate future warranty obligations due to product failure rates; our products compliance with industry standards; our ability to expand our international operations; our ability to protect our intellectual property, or IP, and the cost of doing so; our ability to obtain necessary third-party technology licenses at reasonable costs; the regulatory and physical impacts of climate change and other natural events; the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key management personnel; and our ability to maintain proper and effective internal controls. 
 We caution you against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect our current beliefs and are based on information currently available to us as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. Forward-looking statements set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of its filing. We undertake no obligation to revise forward-looking statements to reflect future events, changes in circumstances or changes in beliefs. In the event that we do update any forward-looking statements, no inference should be made that we will make additional updates with respect to that statement, related matters or any other forward-looking statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 Calix was founded in 1999. We develop, market and sell our Calix platform (cloud, software and systems) and managed services that enable service providers of all types and sizes to innovate and transform their businesses. For our customers to successfully transform their businesses into the innovative broadband service providers, or BSPs, of the future, they require actionable data for critical business functions such as network operations, customer support and marketing. However, this data is often trapped in disparate systems or departmental silos. Our Calix platform, which includes Calix Cloud, Revenue EDGE and Intelligent Access EDGE, gathers, analyzes and applies machine learning to deliver real-time insights seamlessly to each key business function. Our customers utilize these data and insights to simplify network operations, marketing and customer support and deliver experiences that excite their subscribers. This enables BSPs to grow their brand through increased subscriber acquisition, loyalty and revenue and to reduce their operating costs, creating value for their businesses and the communities they serve. 
 This is our mission: to enable BSPs of all sizes to simplify, excite and grow. 
 We believe our platform offers a competitive edge to BSPs at a critical time of increasing competition from direct-to-consumer cloud companies and device providers as they expand their reach and focus on owning the connected home experience. For example, these competitors are entering the home by offering Wi-Fi enabled devices, and then leveraging behavioral insights to expand their direct relationship and build their brand with the subscriber by offering additional consumer services. Over time, we expect this competition can erode a BSP s brand and relationship with its subscribers, by reducing broadband to an easy-to-replace commodity, which can increase churn and reduce revenue. Our platform enables BSPs to build next generation networks and offer higher-value managed services offerings that enable them to grow revenue, increase subscriber loyalty and monetize their network investments. 
 Innovative BSPs, who are embracing our platform, understand this competitive threat and that their brand s central position in the home is their most valuable strategic asset. As such, they must protect and expand continually. Our Intelligent Access EDGE network solution and Revenue EDGE subscriber solution are designed to allow BSPs to simplify their businesses and reduce operating costs, while launching exciting new services in a matter of days and weeks instead of months and years. Our role-based cloud enables BSP teams, such as marketing, operations or customer support, to leverage real-time behavioral analytics to anticipate the subscriber s needs, whether that is optimized broadband speed, managed Wi-Fi or a new, differentiated managed service offering such as home network security, content control and connected cameras. Our platform is built to enable BSPs to deploy a growing ecosystem of third-party solutions such as Arlo Secure and Bark Social as fully managed services quickly and easily. This enables the BSP to add significant value to what were previously just over-the-top solutions. We are also enabling deeper integration with workflow solutions such as Facebook and solutions from independent software vendors such as National Information Solutions Cooperative, or NISC. This level of integration enables BSPs to simplify and streamline their operations and go-to-market execution. 
 The BSPs teams can then utilize insights from Calix Cloud to offer these new and innovative services to those subscribers who have the propensity to buy, thereby growing revenue as they deliver a connected home experience at significantly lower operating costs. This also enables them to build their brand and value proposition around innovation and subscriber experience. As a result, many of Calix s BSP customers have experienced improved customer satisfaction scores, minimal churn and significant growth. To expand our reach in the market, we will continue to pursue strategic technology and distribution relationships that align with BSPs strategic priorities. At the same time, we offer our Calix Customer Success and Support Services along with a growing portfolio of market activation resources that provide the BSPs with best practices and programs to strengthen and grow their brand with their subscribers, thereby increasing subscriber loyalty and opportunities to grow their subscriber base. 
 Strategy Overview 
 Our strategy is to position Calix as the key partner providing a broadband delivery platform (cloud, software and systems) and managed services to enable and facilitate the transformation of BSP access networks and the home network experience in order to provide an exceptional broadband experience for their subscribers. Most BSPs will require significant transformation of their business and operations to become an essential provider of data-driven, high-value managed services to their subscribers. The principal elements of our strategy are: 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Starting with the data The principal way we gather, analyze and deliver actionable insights for BSPs is via the Calix Cloud. Our role-based Calix Cloud enables critical functions within a BSP s business, such as marketing, operations and support, to leverage real-time data to continually understand and optimize the experience for their subscribers. 
 Building and evolving our platform Our product strategy centers on our strategic platform. Our platform simplifies BSPs businesses by delivering intelligence and automation across the entire subscriber facing network from the data center edge to the subscriber s devices. Our strategy is to continually augment and extend our platform with features and services directly or through partners to allow our BSP customers to deliver cutting-edge services to their subscribers. 
 Engaging directly with customers We continue to invest in our direct sales capabilities so that we can engage deeply with our customers to help them understand the differentiable value that our platform provides. As we deploy new solutions, we are building the expertise of our team by adding specialized resources in areas such as marketing, cloud and network operations. Our direct model is complemented with selective programs for our channel partners, who have established local market expertise and have demonstrated the ability to generate new market opportunities and support sales of cutting-edge technologies for BSPs. 
 Expanding customer footprint across our total addressable opportunity Our total addressable opportunity includes service providers of any type and size, including local and competitive exchange carriers, cable multiple system operators, or cable MSOs, wireless internet service providers, or WISPs, fiber overbuilders such as municipalities and electric cooperatives and hospitality providers. We have added over 100 new BSP customers per year for the past three years purchasing directly or through our partners. Our diverse and growing customer footprint is a critical source of our future growth as we expand our portfolio and sell additional components of our platform and managed services to both new and existing customers. Our platform expands our total addressable opportunity and recurring revenue streams by allowing us to address the needs of not only traditional wireline-focused service providers, but also emerging service providers. As such, we intend to continue to engage emerging providers that are creating entirely new customer segments, including fiber overbuilders, utilities and municipalities. We will also continue to pursue service provider segments where there is an opportunity to grow our current share, such as cable MSOs, large traditional wireline-focused service providers and international markets. 
 Extending portfolio of Calix services Our services team, Calix Services, supports our BSPs as they define their transformation strategies, build new skills, implement new technologies and deploy new subscriber services. Calix Services capabilities address the BSP s entire network and service delivery lifecycle. These services allow BSPs to benefit directly from our deep expertise working with service providers to optimize their operations and leverage our advanced analytics to improve the operational efficiency of their teams. 
 Pursuing strategic relationships We will continue to pursue strategic technology and distribution relationships that help us align with BSPs strategic priorities. We continue to invest to provide interoperability across the ecosystems that support our customers most critical business processes through our partner programs. By adding new solutions to our platform ecosystem, we significantly enhance the value that our platform delivers to BSPs. In addition, we are expanding our relationships with organizations that help our customers plan and execute in market. Examples of these partners are Conexon Connect, LLC, CCI Systems, Inc. and The Pivot Group, LLC. 
 Product Overview 
 Our product strategy centers on increasing the market adoption of our platform, which consists of: 
 Calix Cloud , which comes in three role-base editions: Calix Marketing Cloud, Calix Support Cloud and Calix Operations Cloud; 
 Calix Revenue EDGE, our premises solution for subscriber managed services; and 
 Calix Intelligent Access EDGE, access network solution for automated, intelligent next generation networks. 
 These platform offerings are sold independently and offer unique entry points for new customers who are partnering with Calix to transform their businesses. However, an increased segment of our customers is leveraging all three components of our platform in an end-to-end strategy to simplify their businesses, excite their subscribers and grow the value that they deliver for their subscribers and communities. 
 The Revenue EDGE 
 The Revenue EDGE is a subscriber experience solution designed to enable BSPs to rapidly deploy new subscriber services to grow their businesses. The platform is built on Experience Innovation Platform component (formerly known as EXOS) and fully integrated with our GigaSpire and GigaPro family of systems to be ready for deployment as a complete subscriber experience platform for a BSP s residential subscribers, small business subscribers and community networks. 
 The Revenue EDGE also integrates real-time subscriber insights via our Calix Marketing Cloud, Calix Support Cloud and Calix Operations Cloud offerings, which are configurable to display role-based insights. These insights enable BSPs to anticipate and 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 target new revenue-generating services and applications through our mobile application, CommandIQ , and expanding portfolio of managed services. Our Cloud enables simple integrations with other market leading workflow solutions for Marketing, including Facebook, Mailchimp, Constant Contact and HubSpot, support ticketing solutions and operations support systems and business support systems to further simplify BSP processes and accelerate their time to market. 
 Calix customers are evolving their go-to-market strategies to go beyond marketing broadband speed. Increasingly, they are becoming experience providers by delivering valuable managed services built on top of their Wi-Fi offerings. To date, Calix has launched nine managed services. This unique portfolio gives BSPs more opportunities to provide differentiated services to their subscribers and grow their revenue. 
 The Revenue EDGE managed services portfolio enables BSPs to enter new markets for small businesses and communities, as well as expand their residential footprints. By leveraging the power of the Calix platform, BSPs of any size can simplify their businesses, excite their subscribers and grow value in their communities. 
 Managed Wi-Fi enables BSPs to actively manage all aspects of the subscriber s Wi-Fi experience, ensuring they enjoy improved speeds, performance and Wi-Fi coverage that extends throughout their homes. 
 Command IQ is an intuitive mobile app designed to be branded by each BSP and provides their subscribers with visibility and control to understand and manage their connected experience. 
 Experience IQ offers the subscriber a full set of tools to manage and monitor each connected device in the home and the content it has access to. 
 Protect IQ is a network-level security application that works quietly in the background and proactively keeps malicious websites, viruses and intrusions away from subscribers homes 24x7. 
 Arlo Secure, a third-party application, enables BSPs to offer peace of mind to their subscribers with a fully managed connected camera solution. 
 Bark, a third-party application, is an integrated cutting-edge social monitoring service that scans over 30 of the most popular apps and social media platforms to alert parents and caregivers of issues like cyberbullying, online predators and sexual content. 
 Servify Care, a third-party application, enables BSPs to protect all eligible devices in a home under the same easy-to-use plan and potentially save subscribers hundreds of dollars annually. 
 SmartTown is an innovative solution to enable BSPs of any size to connect people with private, secure and safe Wi-Fi experiences in town, at parks, at outdoor events and on the go. 
 SmartBiz is an all-in-one integrated managed service to deliver a purpose-built, broadband solution to address the needs of the 34 million small businesses across the United States and Canada. 
 Finally, to support these managed services, we offer Market Activation resources and programs to enable BSP teams to quickly deploy, manage and monetize each service that they provide to subscribers. These resources include marketing content that can be easily customized with on-line tools, training programs, success services and professional services. 
 The Intelligent Access EDGE 
 The Intelligent Access EDGE solution is built on the award-winning Network Innovation Platform component (formerly known as AXOS) and redefines the access edge of the network by simplifying its architecture and operations. The Network Innovation Platform component is implemented in our E-Series family of modular, non-blocking systems, enabling BSPs to meet a wide variety of deployment scenarios. 
 The Intelligent Access EDGE allows BSPs to collapse multiple network elements in the access network into a single system and by using specialized software modules to add functionality and remove complexity, the solution reduces the total cost of ownership and the time to market for new services. 
 In addition, insights delivered through Calix Operations Cloud enable BSPs to monitor network performance more effectively and address performance issues more efficiently. Intelligent Access EDGE Enablement services are designed to ensure BSP teams are fully enabled to deploy and manage next generation networks. We offer a range of training, professional and success services to assist BSPs in every domain of network management from strategy to deployment and management. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Traditional Products 
 We continue to support and offer customers our traditional family of EXA and GigaCenter Systems that are widely deployed in customer networks, primarily in North America. We expect that these products will continue to be utilized in our customers networks in addition to our newer platform offerings. 
 Customers 
 We market and sell our platform (cloud, software and systems) and managed services to service providers of all types and sizes. To date, we have focused primarily on service providers in the North American market. Our customers span all sizes of broadband subscriber count from a few hundred to more than six million. We have enabled approximately 1,900 service providers, purchasing directly and through partners, to deploy passive optical, Active Ethernet and point-to-point Ethernet fiber access networks. Our service provider customers include: ALLO Communications; Connect Holding II, LLC (dba Brightspeed); CityFibre Holdings Limited; Conexon Connect; Cox Communications; Gibson Connect, LLC; Jade Communications; Lumen Technologies, Inc. (formerly known as CenturyLink, Inc.), or Lumen; Paul Bunyan Communications; Silver Star Communications; TDS Telecommunications LLC; Windstream Holdings, Inc. and Verizon Communications, Inc. 
 The U.S. Federal government has approved programs, totaling more than 60 billion, to fund broadband and connectivity expansion across the United States. Calix has a dedicated team of funding specialists, assisting our customers with the most up-to-date information on broadband funding opportunities as they are introduced and personalized strategies to maximize their grants to support their growth. 
 We classify service providers into large, medium and small based on the number of broadband subscribers they serve. Large service providers are those with wide geographic footprints and broadband subscribers of 2.5 million or more. Medium service providers also operate typically within a wide geographic footprint but are smaller in scale with broadband subscribers that range from 250,000 to 2.5 million. Small service providers consist primarily of over 1,000 predominantly local independent operating companies, or IOCs, typically focused on a single community or a cluster of communities. They include a growing number of municipalities, electric cooperatives, fiber overbuilders and WISPs. These entities range in size from a few hundred to 250,000 broadband subscribers. 
 Historically, Lumen accounted for more than 10 of revenue and represented 11 of revenue in 2020. Our efforts to grow our Calix platform, add new BSP customers and shift away from low-value deployment services primarily related to Lumen have all contributed to Lumen representing less than 10 of our revenue in 2022 and 2021. No other customer represented more than 10 of revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Sales to customers outside the United States represented 9 of our revenue in 2022, 17 of our revenue in 2021 and 13 of our revenue in 2020. Our sales outside the United States have been and are currently predominantly to customers in the Americas and Europe. 
 Customer Engagement Model 
 We market, sell and support the success of our platform (cloud, software and systems) and managed services predominantly through our direct sales force, supported by marketing, product management and customer success personnel. We have also expanded this model to include select channel partners in North America and more than 40 international channel partners. Even in circumstances where a channel partner is involved, our sales and marketing personnel are generally selling side-by-side with the channel partner. We believe that our direct customer engagement approach provides us with significant differentiation in the customer sales process and customer engagement programs by aligning us more closely with our customers changing needs and successful implementation of our solutions. 
 Research and Development 
 Continued investment in research and development is critical to our business. We have made significant investments in our product portfolio, and we intend to continue to dedicate significant resources to research and development to develop, enhance and deliver new platform features and capabilities, including investments in innovative technologies that support our business strategy. Our research and development team is composed of engineers with expertise in software and cloud platforms, optics, wireless technologies and systems engineering. Our research and development team is responsible for designing, developing and enhancing our platform and managed services, performing product and quality assurance testing and ensuring the compatibility of our products with third-party hardware and software products. Increasingly, our engineers are focused on enhancements to our cloud and software platform components. Our teams of engineers currently remain concentrated in San Jose and Petaluma, California; Bangalore, India; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Nanjing, China; and Richardson, Texas. We also outsource a portion of our software and cloud development to domestic and international third parties, and we depend on these partners to meet our development plans. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Manufacturing and Supply Chain 
 We rely on contract manufacturers, original design manufacturers, original equipment manufacturers and third-party logistics partners for the supply and distribution of our products. Our global supply chain management organization oversees these third parties to source and procure materials, manufacture and deliver our products. Our global supply chain management organization consists of order management, planning, sourcing, logistics, test and manufacturing engineers and new product introduction personnel. We tightly integrate our supply chain management and new product introduction activities with the activities outsourced to these third parties. We believe that our relationships with and our reliance on third parties allow us to improve new product introduction time, conserve working capital, reduce product costs and minimize delivery lead times while maintaining high product quality as well as the ability to scale quickly to handle increased order volume. We continue to qualify and utilize other vendors for various portions of our supply chain from time to time. 
 As a result of the current semiconductor and other component shortages, global restrictions and uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced product supply delays as we and our supply chain partners experience longer lead times and shortages of components and materials. We believe the impact of these shortages will continue to impact the ability of our third-party manufacturers to supply products to us at the cost and in the time frames and volumes required by us. Although global logistics and transport services have begun to improve, we continue to monitor potential challenges in managing these areas to ensure consistent delivery to our customers. 
 Seasonality 
 Fluctuations in our revenue occur due to many factors, including the varying budget cycles and seasonal buying patterns of our customers. More specifically, our customers tend to spend less in the first fiscal quarter as they are finalizing their annual capital spending budgets, and in certain regions, customers are also challenged by winter weather conditions that inhibit outside fiber deployment. In recent years, as our revenue from our large customers decreased, we have experienced less year-end volatility due to capital budgetary spending or freezing. This combined with an increase in recurring revenue has resulted in smaller seasonal fluctuations, and we expect this trend to continue. 
 Competition 
 The communications software and systems equipment markets are highly competitive. Competition is largely based on any one or a combination of the following factors: functionality and features, price, existing business and customer relationships, product quality, installation capability, service and support, long-term returns, scalability, development and manufacturing capability. 
 We compete with several companies within the markets that we serve, and we anticipate that competition will intensify. Vendors with which we compete include: ADTRAN, Inc.; Ciena Corporation; CommScope Inc.; DZS Inc.; eero/Ring (Amazon companies); Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.; Google Nest (a Google company); Nokia Corporation; Plume Design, Inc. and Ubiquiti Inc. In various geographic or vertical markets, there are also several smaller companies with which we compete. As we expand into adjacent markets, we expect to encounter new competitors. Many of our competitors have the financial resources to offer competitive products at a below market price, which could prevent us from competing effectively. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of intellectual property, or IP, rights, including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks as well as customary contractual protections. These rights and protections are accomplished through a combination of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers and partners, and through a combination of U.S. and international IP laws. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 110 U.S. patents and have seven pending U.S. patent applications. As of December 31, 2022, we had no pending international patent applications. U.S. patents generally have a term of twenty years from filing. The remaining terms on our individual patents vary from less than a year to seventeen years. U.S. patent, copyright and trade secret laws afford us only limited protection, and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent. 
 We believe that the frequency of assertions of patent infringement has and continues to increase in our industry. Any claim of infringement from a third party, even claims without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against such claims, could require us to pay substantial damages or include an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from selling our products. In addition, we might be required to seek a license which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology, which would require significant effort and expense. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 We employed 1,426 employees globally as of December 31, 2022 with 930 employees located in the United States and 496 outside of the United States, primarily in Canada, China and India. Except for one employee located in France and subject to customary local collective bargaining arrangements, we do not have any employees represented by a labor union with respect to their employment with us. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relations with our employees to be good. We consider our talent to be very important to our operations and execution of our business strategy as well as the overall success of our business. As such, we invest significant management attention, time and resources to attract, engage, develop and retain our talent. Our talent strategy focuses on our culture and core values, our talent programs and the overall well-being and safety of our talent. 
 Our culture and core values. We believe that by nurturing a robust culture based on our core values we can attract, hire and retain a highly skilled and engaged team. Our cultural pillars to collaborate, create and communicate reflect the way we lead and work with one another internally as well as externally with our customers, partners, suppliers and other stakeholders. We seek to embed our core values to act responsibly and with integrity, to instill a sense of individual roles and purpose at Calix, to communicate openly and honestly and to take care of our own in how we lead and conduct our business. Our culture of collaboration creates an inclusive working environment and inclusive engagement with our stakeholders; our culture to create encourages innovation from diverse experiences, backgrounds and characteristics; and our culture to communicate encourages open and honest discussion. 
 Our talent programs. We invest in talent programs to identify and hire candidates who embody our culture and core values and will further our mission. We focus on onboarding and assimilating our hires into the Calix culture while encouraging them to express their own diverse views and talents, in turn strengthening our culture. Although we do have facilities for our employees, we embrace a work from anywhere environment which allows us to hire top talent regardless of their physical location. Our total rewards programs are designed to foster an energized, engaged, motivated and high-performing workforce. We hire and compensate our talent based on their role, experiences, contributions and performance, regardless of their gender, race or ethnic background or other personal characteristics. For example, our current programs include cash incentive bonuses designed to reward corporate and individual performance and cash bonus opportunities for internal promotions to senior leadership roles. We offer performance stock option grants for senior executives, and because we believe stock ownership rewards employees for corporate performance aligned to our stockholders interests, we offer two separate employee stock purchase plans. Our programs are regularly reviewed and adjusted based on benchmarks against competitive industry programs. We encourage open communication with our teams and reference third-party administered surveys to improve how we engage with and support our talent. We also believe that continuous learning is core to ensuring our on-going success and have invested in multiple on-demand learning platforms and other knowledge resources and tools that are available to all employees globally. 
 Our wellness, safety and health programs. A centerpiece of our culture is taking care of our own, which means we foster a collaborative and supportive environment so that every member of our team can thrive. This mindset starts with our CEO and is embedded in how we lead as well as in our wellness, safety and health programs. Our programs seek to support wellbeing broadly, with comprehensive physical and mental health and financial benefit offerings, that include various time off programs as well as reimbursement benefits and a remote office program. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at: 2777 Orchard Parkway, San Jose, California 95134, and our telephone number is: (408) 514-3000. Our website address is: www.calix.com. We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Calix , the Calix logo design, AXOS , Calix Cloud , CommandIQ , EXOS , GigaCenter , GigaSpire and other trademarks or service marks of Calix appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Calix. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of the respective holders. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We post on the Investor Relations page of our website, www.calix.com, a link to our filings with the SEC free of charge, as soon as reasonably practical after they are filed electronically with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 We have identified the following additional risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making any investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Business and Operational Risks 
 We face risks associated with being materially dependent upon third-party vendors; certain factors that affect our business as a result of those dependencies have in the past and could continue to disrupt our business and adversely impact our gross margin and results of operations. 
 We materially depend upon third-party vendors for our complex global supply chain operations, including for services to develop, design and source components and materials, as well as manufacture, transport and deliver our products. If any of these vendors stop providing their services, for any reason, we would have to obtain similar services from other sources, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. We also have limited control over disruptions that may occur at the facilities of those providers, such as supply interruptions, labor shortages, strikes, shipping backlogs at ports and similar disruptions to transportation infrastructure, design and manufacturing failures, quality control issues, systems failures or even facility closures arising from the COVID-19 pandemic or natural disasters. In addition, switching development firms or manufacturers could delay the manufacture and availability of products and/or require us to re-qualify our products with our customers, which would be costly and time-consuming. Any interruption in the development, supply or distribution of our products would adversely affect our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our customers and could result in lost revenue or higher costs, which would negatively impact our gross margin and operating results and harm our business. 
 Particular risks associated with management of our global supply chain operations include the following: 
 Manufacturing constraints, shortages and other disruptions. We do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and rely solely on a small number of CMs and ODMs to manufacture and supply our products. Our business operations and ability to supply our products are highly dependent upon our ability to secure adequate third-party manufacturing capabilities and capacity and to effectively manage those third parties to meet our business needs. Our dependence solely on third-party manufacturers makes us vulnerable to possible supply and capacity constraints and reduces our control over manufacturing disruptions due to component availability, extended lead times delivery schedules, quality, manufacturing yields and increased costs. Some of these risks have occurred from time to time in our business, including recent unforeseen increases in component costs. If these disruptions and constraints are prolonged, or if these manufacturers do not have the ability or business continuity plans to fulfill their obligations to us, our business could be disrupted. If we cannot effectively manage our vendors or if we fail to invest adequate resources to manage our supply chain operations, our ability to meet customer orders and generate revenue may be negatively impacted. A substantial portion of our manufacturing is done at facilities outside of the U.S., largely in Asia, which presents increased supply risk, including the risk of supply interruptions, delays, shortages or reductions in manufacturing quality or controls. In addition, these supply interruptions, delays and shortages could impair our ability to meet our customer requirements, require us to pay higher prices or incur expedite fees, which would harm our business and negatively impact our gross margin and results of operations. Our international manufacturing also creates risks and uncertainties associated with regulatory changes or government actions such as local business requirements, trade restrictions and tariffs, economic sanctions or related legislation, which may complicate our export and import activities, be disruptive to the operations of our manufacturers and logistics partners or result in higher product and shipping costs and variability of supply. For example, substantially all our silicon suppliers have extended their lead times to 52 weeks or more and increased prices. Manufacturing in Asia further heightens our risk of meeting customer delivery requirements as we rely upon third-party logistics companies to transport and import significant volumes of products to the U.S. where we generate a substantial majority of our revenue. These supply chain risks are further increased by periodic shipping backlogs at ports and similar disruptions to transportation infrastructure. 
 Limited sources and sole-sourced supply. We are dependent upon sole-source or limited-source suppliers for some key product components such as chipsets and certain of our application-specific integrated circuit processors and resistor components, including certain components sourced solely through suppliers located in China and other Asian countries. Any of these suppliers could stop producing our components, raise the prices they charge us, be subject to higher product tariffs, epidemics or other conditions that disrupt their operations, cease operations or enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors, consequently affecting our operations and results. For example, we have experienced disruptions in our supply of certain components that we source from suppliers in China and other Asian countries, causing delays in supply of our products due to production disruptions, factory closures and longer lead times for components and from uncertainty around trade and tariff policies between the U.S. and China. Being dependent upon a limited number of suppliers constrains our ability to mitigate these disruptions in our supply chain and such disruptions, particularly if prolonged. This may adversely affect our ability to obtain components and materials needed to manufacture our products at acceptable prices or at all. These risks would adversely affect our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our customers, increase costs and in turn harm our business and results of operations. 
 Limitations on ability to manage third-party risks. Our business with third-party manufacturers typically represents a relatively small percentage of their total revenue. Consequently, our orders may not be given adequate priority if such 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 manufacturers have to allocate limited capacity among competing customers. This could delay supplies of product to us or limit our ability to ramp product volumes within desired timeframes. If any of our manufacturing partners are unable or unwilling to continue manufacturing our products in required volumes and at high quality levels, we would have to identify, qualify and select acceptable alternative manufacturers. Having to take the time to qualify new third-party manufacturers could disrupt our ability to maintain continuous supply of product to meet customer requirements. An alternative manufacturer may not be available to us when needed or may not be in a position to satisfy our production requirements at commercially reasonable prices and quality. In addition, we and/or our manufacturers may not be able to negotiate commercially reasonable terms and sufficient quantities of component supplies with component and materials suppliers to meet our manufacturing needs because our purchase volumes may be too low for us to be considered a priority customer for securing supplies, particularly when there are shortages or limited availability of key components and materials. As a result, suppliers could stop selling to us and our manufacturers at commercially reasonable prices, or at all. We have worked to mitigate the cost impact of recent price increases, but those efforts may not be successful. Any such interruption or delay may force us and our manufacturers to seek components or materials from alternative sources, which may not be available, or result in higher prices. Switching suppliers could also force us to redesign our products to accommodate new components and could require us to re-qualify our products with our customers, which would be costly and time consuming. A significant interruption in manufacturing or supply availability for any of these reasons would reduce supply to our customers, which would result in lost revenue and harm our customer relationships. 
 Ability to forecast and manage inventory liability with vendors. We have experienced unanticipated increases in demand from customers, in part as a result of higher consumer demand for internet services and improved Wi-Fi; in turn, this has resulted in our shipments being delayed. If we underestimate product demand from our customers, our manufacturers may have inadequate component inventory to meet our demand. If we are not able to adequately anticipate demand, this could interrupt our product manufacturing, increase our cost of revenue associated with expedite fees and air freight and/or result in delays or cancellation of customer orders. If we are unable to deliver products timely to our customers, we may lose customer goodwill or our customers may choose to purchase from other vendors, all of which may have a material negative impact on our revenue and operating results. If we overestimate our product demand, our third-party manufacturers may purchase excess components and build excess inventory, and we could be required to pay for these excess parts or products and their storage costs. Long lead times for component supply, which have been magnified by factory closures and shortages due to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as higher demand for certain components, and unanticipated demand for our products have in the past and are expected to continue to impact our ability to accurately forecast our production requirements. We may incur liabilities for certain component inventory purchases that have been rendered excess or obsolete, which may have an adverse effect on our gross margin, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Security breaches and data loss may expose us to liability, harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 As part of our business operations, we collect, store, process, use and/or disclose sensitive data relating to our business, including in connection with the provision of our cloud services and in our information systems and data centers (including third-party data centers). We also engage third-party providers to support various internal functions, such as human resources, finance, information technology and electronic communications, as well as the development and delivery of our products and cloud services, which includes collecting, handling, processing and/or storage of data on our behalf. These internal and external functions involve an array of software and systems (including cloud-based) that enable us to conduct, monitor and/or protect our business, operations, systems and information technology assets. Our cloud-based solutions enable us to host our customers subscriber data in third-party data centers. Hackers could steal proprietary or personal information related to our business, products, employees and customers, including information related to customers of our customers; hold data ransom; or otherwise interrupt our systems and services or those of our supply chain partners, vendors, customers or others. There have been increasing instances of cybersecurity attacks and security breaches, including sophisticated supply chain attacks. As we and our third-party providers continue to increase our reliance on virtual environments and communications systems and cloud-based solutions to support our work-from-anywhere culture and overall business needs, our exposures to third-party vulnerabilities and security risks also increase. Despite our on-going enhancement of security precautions, hackers are increasingly more sophisticated and aggressive, and our efforts may be inadequate to prevent all incidents of data breach or theft due, for example, to the increased use by attackers of tools and techniques that are specifically designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 
 We and certain of our third-party providers have in the past been subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. The theft, loss or misuse of proprietary or personal data collected, stored or processed by us or our service providers to run our business could result in significant security and remediation costs, regulatory fines and penalties, and/or litigation costs. Even if we and our third-party providers allocate, implement and manage reasonable security and data protection measures, we could experience data loss, unauthorized data disclosure or a breach of our systems, products or those of our third-party data centers that materially impact our business. The continued growth of our cloud-based platform and managed services portfolio and increased reliance on third-party development partners and third-party software and cloud-based solutions, increases the likely 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 risks arising from security breaches or data loss. Any data loss or compromise of our systems that collect and process personal information (including personal information of customers of our customers), or third-party data centers where that personal information is stored, could result in loss of confidence in the security of our offerings and loss of customers or customer goodwill. Such losses also could damage our reputation, lead to liability given the increasing development of strict privacy and data security laws and regulations around the world, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Although we maintain insurance that may apply to cybersecurity risks and liabilities, there can be no guarantee that any or all costs or losses incurred will be partially or fully insured. 
 Changing market and customer requirements may adversely affect the valuation of our inventory as well as our supplier purchase commitments. 
 Customer demand for our products can change rapidly in response to market and technology developments. We may, from time to time, adjust inventory valuations downward or end of life certain of our products in response to our assessment of our business strategy as well as consideration of demand from our customers for specific products or product lines. We also periodically evaluate our supplier purchase commitments, which have increased significantly due to extended lead-times in the current supply-chain environment. We record a liability for excess and obsolete components based on our estimated future demand for our products, potential obsolescence of technology and product life cycles. If we fail to accurately plan our inventory levels, which becomes more challenging as component lead times increase, we may have to write off excess or obsolete inventory, or accrue a liability for component inventory held by our suppliers, both of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Business and operational risks associated with expanding our international operations could harm our business. 
 We are subject to business and operational risks associated with our international operations, including our global supply-chain operations and our international offices located in Nanjing, China and Bangalore, India. In addition, we are exposed to risk arising from dependence upon third-party development contractors in India and our growing Bangalore staff, and, to a lesser extent, dependence upon our international sales operations. The risks associated with our international operations also include costs of complying with differing and changing laws and regulatory requirements, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties and other trade restrictions; effects of inflation, currency controls and/or fluctuations in currency exchange rates; limited, inadequate or non-existent IP protection; and uncertainties associated with political conflicts and instabilities, variable economic conditions, terrorist attacks or acts of war. Our development operations and activities in China and India involve these and other significant risks, including: local labor conditions and regulations; knowledge transfer related to our technology and exposure to misappropriation of IP or confidential information, including information that is proprietary to us, our customers and third parties; heightened exposure to changes in the economic, security, political and pandemic conditions; international trade agreements and U.S. tax provisions that could adversely affect our international operations; complexities of managing development timelines and deliverables from abroad; and differences in local business practices and customs that may not align with our expectations and standards. 
 Along with the foregoing risks, our international sales operations involve risks associated with greater costs and complexity localizing and supporting our products and platform in local markets; evolving privacy regulations, trade regulations, compliance requirements and incremental costs applicable to the qualification, production, sale and delivery of our products; longer collection periods, financial instability and other difficulties impacting collection of accounts receivable in certain jurisdictions; more intense competition including from local equipment suppliers; and our reliance on value added resellers to sell and support our products in international markets given our limited presence and infrastructure outside the U.S. To expand our international operations, we will need to invest resources to attract key talent, build operational infrastructure, execute on our international strategy and drive international market demand for our products. If we invest substantial resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 If we do not successfully execute our business strategy to increase our sales to new and existing BSPs, our operating results, financial condition, cash flows and long-term growth may be negatively impacted. 
 Our growth depends upon our ability to increase sales to existing and new service providers of all types and sizes, and the execution of our strategy to increase sales to BSPs involves significant risk. The majority of our revenue is not recurring, and our customers generally have no committed purchase requirements, may cancel orders or cease purchasing our products at any time. If our customers stop purchasing our products for any reason, our business and results of operations would be harmed. If we are unable to increase our sales to new and existing BSPs, our operating results, financial condition, cash flows and long-term growth may be negatively impacted. Our strategy includes investing in regional sales teams and select channel partners to sell to smaller regional BSPs. A large portion of our current sales are to customers with smaller regional networks and limited capital expenditure budgets. The spending patterns of many of these customers are generally less formal than larger service providers and often characterized by small and sporadic purchases, and the potential revenue from any one of these customers is limited. We rely primarily on channel partners, including value added resellers, internationally and for certain U.S. markets. We face fierce competition for business with key channel partners. If we are unable to engage channel partners that we believe are key to our strategy, we may fail to grow our sales as planned. Furthermore, we rely on our channel partners to promote and sell our products. The loss of a key channel partner or the failure of our partners to provide adequate services could have a negative effect on customer satisfaction and could cause harm to our business. 
 Our selling efforts to larger BSPs require substantial investments of technical, marketing and sales resources through lengthy equipment qualification and sales cycles without any assurance of generating sales. We may be required to invest in costly upgrades to meet more stringent performance criteria and interoperability requirements, develop new customer-specific features or adapt our products to meet required standards. We have invested and expect to continue to invest considerable time, effort and expenditures, including investment in product research and development, related to these opportunities without any assurance that our efforts will result in revenue. 
 The quality of our support and services offerings is important to sustain and increase our sales to new and existing customers. Our services to customers have increasingly broadened to help them deploy our products within their networks. Once our products are deployed within our customers networks, they depend on our support organization to resolve any issues relating to those products. If we do not effectively assist our customers in deploying our products, succeed in helping them quickly resolve post-deployment issues or provide effective support, it could adversely affect our ability to sell our products to existing customers and harm our reputation with potential new customers. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality support and services could result in the loss of customers, which would harm our business. 
 If we do not successfully increase our sales through adoption of our new platform and managed service offerings, our operating results, financial condition, cash flows and long-term growth may be negatively impacted. 
 We have platform and managed service offerings that are new and early in their life cycles and subject to uncertain market demand. If our customers are unwilling to adopt these new offerings, install our new products or deploy our new services, or if we are unable to achieve market acceptance of our products and platform, our business and financial results may be harmed. Moreover, adoption of our cloud product offerings, such as our Revenue EDGE, is dependent upon the success of our customers in investing, marketing, selling and deploying broader services including managed services to their subscribers, and our ability to differentiate our products from competing or substitutive product and service offerings. For example, our managed services include managed Wi-Fi, network security, parental controls and an ecosystem of services from partners including Arlo, Bark and Servify. However, if subscriber demand for such services does not grow as expected or declines, or our customers are unable or unwilling to invest in our platform to deploy and market these services, demand for our products may not grow at rates as we anticipate. 
 We may have difficulty evolving and scaling our business and operations to meet customer and market demand, which could result in lower profitability or cause us to fail to execute on our business strategies. 
 In order to grow our business, we will need to continually evolve and scale our business and operations to meet customer and market demand. Evolving and scaling our business and operations places increased demands on our management as well as our financial and operational resources to effectively manage organizational change; design scalable processes; accelerate and/or refocus research and development activities; expand our manufacturing, supply chain and distribution capacity; increase our sales and marketing efforts; broaden our customer-support and services capabilities; maintain or increase operational efficiencies; scale support operations in a cost-effective manner; implement appropriate operational and financial systems; and maintain effective financial disclosure controls and procedures. If we cannot evolve and scale our business and operations effectively, we may not be able to execute our business strategies in a cost-effective manner and our business, financial condition, profitability and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our business and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected by the on-going effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related severe impacts on the global economy. 
 For over three years, the COVID-19 pandemic has severely impacted the global economy, disrupting financial markets, global manufacturing activities, customer purchasing patterns and general business operations, resulting in business closures, significant unemployment rates and substantial and prolonged government restrictions on business, travel and personal activities. These measures have disrupted our global supply chain activities, including our third-party manufacturers, logistics providers and suppliers, and significantly limited our business travel, customer engagements and normal business activities, all of which heighten our business and operational risks. Although global economic conditions have generally improved with the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, business activity may not recover as quickly as anticipated, including as a result of inflationary pressures and the responses by central banking authorities to control such inflation, rising interest rates, debt and equity market fluctuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, increased unemployment rates, decreased investor and consumer confidence, political turmoil and supply-chain challenges. As the effects of the pandemic persist, we may continue to experience a sustained shortage of components and materials, which may have a material negative impact on our ability to supply products to meet customer requirements and could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Although demand for our products has been strong in the short-term as subscribers seek more bandwidth and better Wi-Fi at home for work and entertainment, as the pandemic appears to be subsiding, the future of broadband expansion is unclear. For example, BSPs may not invest in our platform or delay infrastructure improvements due to the uncertainty in the global economy. A prolonged disruption to our business and operations and other adverse residual impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or further future disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 With the increased availability of vaccines in the U.S., we reopened our offices in July 2021 for fully-vaccinated employees who choose to work at the office and resumed business travel with safety precautions. We continue to monitor evolving pandemic conditions and focus on the safety, well-being and productivity of our workforce. The rapid emergence and subsidence of multiple COVID-19 variants and sub-variants suggest that effects of current and potential future COVID-19 variants on our business will continue to make planning responses to new outbreaks an on-going challenge. There are no assurances that the global economy will recover from the on-going effects of the pandemic quickly or at all, or that impacted areas will be able to adequately contain COVID-19 infections. 
 We could become subject to litigation that could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to legal claims and litigation, and may become involved in regulatory proceedings, related to disputes over commercial, competition, IP, labor and employment and other matters. Regardless of the merits of any such claims, litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and can be costly, disruptive to our business and operations, harmful to our reputation, and distracting to management. In particular, as a technology company, we may be subject to IP claims asserting patent, copyright, trademark and/or other infringement claims that are costly to defend and could limit our ability to use some technologies in the future. The risk of such claims is heightened as we expand our products and services and increasingly rely on more technologies, including third-party IP rights that we license and incorporate into our products and services. Third parties from whom we license IP may be unable or unwilling to indemnify us for such claims or offer any other remedy to us. Increasingly, patent infringement claims are asserted by patent assertion entities and non-practicing entities, or NPEs, that do not conduct business as an operating company and hold and own patents only for the purpose of aggressively pursuing royalties through infringement assertions or patent infringement litigation. Further, in our industry, the number of assertions by NPEs continues to increase due in part to patent sales by operating companies to NPEs and availability of litigation financing. We have received and expect to continue to receive assertions from NPEs and other third parties alleging that we may be infringing their patents or other IP rights; offering licenses to such IP; and/or threatening litigation. If our products are found to infringe, these claims could also result in the suspension of our ability to import, market and sell our products and services, product shipment delays or requirements to modify our products or enter into costly settlements or licensing agreements. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Furthermore, we may additionally be financially responsible for claims made against our customers, including costs of litigation and damages awarded, under indemnity obligations which could further negatively impact our results of operations. Protracted litigation could cause us to incur significant defense costs, which would negatively impact our results of operations. 
 We have a history of fluctuations in our gross margin and operating results, which can make it difficult to predict our future performance and could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 
 We have a history of fluctuations in our quarterly and annual gross margin and operating results, including fluctuations due to factors outside of our control. Factors that impact variability of our operating results include our ability to predict our revenue and reduce and control our costs, our ability to predict product functions and features desired by our customers, the impact of global economic conditions, our ability to effectively manage our global supply chain operations, our ability to effectively manage third parties upon whom we depend to conduct our business, our customers spending patterns and purchasing 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 decisions, the impact of competition, customer adoption of our products, our ability to manage our legal, contractual and regulatory obligations and liabilities, and other risk factors identified in the lead-in to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations above and in this Risk Factors section. Our gross margin is further impacted by customer, geographic and product mix, the impact of competition on our prices, our ability to manage our costs associated with components and materials, excess and obsolescence, expedite fees and logistics-related activities, contractual commitments and other product costs. Fluctuating results make it difficult to predict our future performance and could cause the market price of our stock to decline. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and cash outlays as we expand our business and operations and target new customer opportunities. Given our anticipated growth and the intense competitive pressures we face, we may be unable to adequately control our operating expenses or maintain positive operating income. Comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, or below any guidance we may provide to the market, the market price of our stock would likely decline. 
 We are exposed to customer credit risks that could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We generally extend credit terms for sales to our customers which exposes us to credit risk. If we are unable to collect our accounts receivable balances as anticipated, our operating results and financial condition will be harmed. A number of factors contribute to this risk, including our ability to adequately assess a customer s creditworthiness and financial condition, changes in a customer s financial condition and/or liquidity, our ability to timely collect our accounts receivable from customers, disagreements with customers on invoiced balances and economic downturns or other unanticipated events impacting a customer s ability to pay. Furthermore, some of our international customers operate in countries with developing economies, volatile financial markets or currency regulations that impact their ability to make payments in U.S. dollars. While we take measures to pursue collections on our accounts receivable, we have from time to time written down accounts receivable and written off doubtful accounts and may need to do so in future periods. The determination of allowances for doubtful accounts involves significant judgment, and if we underestimate our allowance for doubtful accounts, we will have to make further write-downs. Such write-downs or write-offs could negatively affect our operating results for the period in which they occur and could harm our cash flow or our financial condition. 
 If we lose any of our key personnel, or are unable to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, our ability to manage our business and continue our growth would be negatively impacted. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our key personnel who are highly skilled and would be difficult to replace. Competition for skilled personnel, particularly in software and cloud development and engineering, is intense. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, or that newly hired personnel will function effectively, both individually and as a group. If we are unable to effectively recruit, hire and utilize new employees to align with our company objectives, execution of our business strategy and our ability to react to changing market conditions may be impeded, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. We have operated using a work-from-anywhere model since the first half of 2020, and if we do not continue to effectively manage our distributed workforce, we could face challenges maintaining our corporate culture, which could increase attrition or limit our ability to attract personnel. None of our key personnel are bound by a written employment contract to remain with us for a specified period. In addition, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance covering our key personnel. If we lose the services of any key personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 If we experience disruptions with our enterprise resource planning system, we may not be able to effectively transact business or produce financial statements, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In January 2020, we migrated our Oracle enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system to Oracle s cloud platform. In 2022, we implemented a software billing application on Salesforce.com. With these implementations, we are highly dependent upon Oracle and Saleforce.com to host, manage and maintain our ERP system and supporting applications. Any disruptions to their business or processes, or delays in their ability to provide services to us, may in turn disrupt our business operations or increase costs. Furthermore, we receive quarterly system updates and enhancements on the cloud platform according to Oracle s release timeline and change management processes, which if not managed properly may disrupt our business operations and delay our ability to process transactions and produce reports necessary to conduct our business. We are highly dependent upon our ERP system for critical business functions, including order processing and management, supply chain and procurement operations, financial planning, accounting and reporting; accordingly, protracted disruption in functionality or processing capabilities of the ERP system could materially impair our ability to process transactions timely or produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis. If our systems suffer prolonged interruption, our results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 As a public company we are subject to significant accounting, legal and regulatory requirements; our failure to comply with these requirements may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We are subject to significant accounting, legal and regulatory requirements, including requirements and rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or SOX, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank, among other rules and regulations implemented by the SEC, as well as listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE. We incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses and must invest substantial time and resources to comply with public company reporting and compliance requirements, including costs to ensure we have adequate internal controls over accounting and financial reporting, proper documentation and testing procedures among other requirements. We cannot be certain that the actions we have taken to implement internal controls over financial reporting will be sufficient. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that need improvement, particularly as we enhance, automate and improve functionality of our processes and internal applications. New laws and regulations as well as changes to existing laws and regulations affecting public companies, including the provisions of SOX and Dodd-Frank and rules adopted by the SEC and the NYSE, would likely result in increased costs to us as we respond to their requirements. We continue to invest resources to comply with evolving laws and regulations, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expense. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired, which would adversely affect our operating results and our stock price. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company will have been detected. If we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and make it more difficult for us to finance our operations and growth. 
 Risks Related to Our Products 
 Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected hardware or software defects or software bugs, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 Our products, including our platform (cloud, software and systems) and managed services, are highly technical and, when deployed, are critical to the operation of many networks. Our products have contained and may contain undetected defects, bugs or security vulnerabilities, which risks may be exacerbated as we continue to expand our cloud and software portfolio and include services from third-party partners. Some defects in our products may only be discovered after a product has been installed and used by customers and may in some cases only be detected under certain circumstances or after extended use. Any errors, bugs, defects or security vulnerabilities discovered in our products after commercial release could result in loss of revenue or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customers and increased service and warranty and retrofit costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we could face claims for security and data breach, product liability, tort or breach of warranty. Our contracts with customers contain provisions relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, which may not be upheld. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management s attention and adversely affect the market s perception of us and our products. In addition, if our business liability insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 If we are unable to ensure that our products interoperate properly and as required within our customers networks, our business will be harmed. 
 Our products must interoperate with our customers existing and planned networks, which often have varied and complex specifications, utilize multiple protocol standards, include software applications and customizations and products from multiple vendors and contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time. As a result, we must continually ensure that our products interoperate properly with these existing and planned networks. To meet these requirements, we must undertake development efforts, including test protocols, that require substantial capital investment and employee resources. We may not accomplish these development goals quickly or cost-effectively, if at all. If we fail to maintain interoperability, we may face substantially reduced demand for our products, which would reduce our revenue opportunities and market share. We rely upon interoperability arrangements with equipment and software vendors for the use or integration of their technology with our products. If these relationships fail, we may have to devote substantially more resources to developing alternative products and 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 processes and our efforts may not be as effective as the combined solutions under our current arrangements. In some cases, these other vendors are either direct competitors or companies that have extensive relationships with our existing and potential customers and influence the purchasing decisions of those customers. Some of our competitors have stronger relationships with some of our interoperability partners, and as a result, our ability to have successful interoperability arrangements with these companies may be harmed, which in turn may harm our ability to successfully sell and market our products. 
 Our estimates regarding warranty or product obligations are highly subjective. If our estimates change, the liability for warranty or product obligations may be increased, impacting future cost of revenue. 
 Our products are highly complex, and our product testing may not be adequate to detect all defects, errors, failures and quality issues. Accordingly, our estimates regarding future warranty or product obligations are highly subjective, and if our estimates change, the liability for warranty or product obligations may be increased, impacting future cost of revenue. Quality or performance problems for products covered under warranty could adversely impact our reputation and negatively affect our operating results and financial position. The development and production of new products with high complexity often involves problems with software, components and manufacturing methods. If significant warranty or other product obligations arise due to reliability or quality issues arising from defects in software, faulty components or improper manufacturing methods, our operating results and financial position could be negatively impacted by cost associated with fixing software or hardware defects; high service and warranty expenses; high inventory obsolescence expense; delays in collecting accounts receivable; payment of liquidated damages for performance failures; and loss of customer goodwill and future sales. 
 Our business and operations depend on proprietary technologies, and our financial performance may suffer if we cannot protect and enforce our IP rights. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend on proprietary technology. We rely significantly upon patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other IP laws, IP registration rights and agreements with our employees, customers, partners, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain IP rights necessary for our business and operations. U.S. IP laws afford us only limited protection, and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or at all. Our patent applications may not result in issued patents, and our issued patents may not be enforceable. Our IP rights could be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, any of which could impair or harm our business and operations and be costly to defend. Our failure to adequately protect our IP rights could result in our competitors offering similar products, resulting in the loss of our competitive advantage and decreased sales. 
 We and our third-party providers may be unable to adequately prevent unauthorized third-party copying or use of our IP. For example, contractual provisions protecting our IP could be breached, or our IP could be reverse engineered or unlawfully distributed. It may become more difficult to adequately protect our IP as we expand our reliance on third parties for the design, development and/or manufacture of our products. In addition, we may become subject to increased risks arising from or related to security breaches, data loss or theft of our data or our IP, and have greater difficulty protecting our IP as our work-from-anywhere workforce and work product become more distributed. Policing the unauthorized use and distribution of our IP is difficult and costly. Litigation, which could result in substantial costs, diversion of resources and harm to our business, may be necessary to enforce our IP rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights. 
 If we are unable to obtain third-party technology licenses needed for our products and platform solutions, our business and operations will be impaired, and our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We increasingly rely on technology licensed from third parties for our products and platform solutions. We may not be able to secure or maintain necessary technology licenses from these third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Third parties may also choose to not renew licenses with us, demand unreasonable license fees or cease to offer technologies that we require. The inability to obtain necessary third-party licenses or to secure reasonable license terms at a cost acceptable to us could harm the competitiveness of our products and solutions, result in lost revenue and adversely affect our operating results. For example, we may be forced to forego product features or platform offerings, including features and offerings we believe are critical to our strategy, accept substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or incur higher costs, or the time-to-market of our products or product features could be delayed. Furthermore, our ability to utilize third-party technology may be disrupted by disputes over IP rights, including claims of IP infringement, which could prevent us from offering or selling the products that utilize the disputed technology and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our use of open-source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our products. 
 We incorporate open-source software into our products. The terms of many open-source software licenses have not been interpreted by the courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to sell our products. In such event, we could be required to make our proprietary software generally available to third parties, including competitors, at no cost, to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or at all, any of which could adversely affect our revenue and operating expenses. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Macroeconomic and Industry Risks 
 Adverse global economic, market and industry conditions, geopolitical issues and other conditions that impact our increasingly global operations could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and liquidity. 
 As a global company, our performance is affected by global economic, market and industry conditions (including the current inflationary economic environment and rising interest rates) as well as geopolitical issues and other conditions with global reach. In recent years, concerns about the global economic outlook have adversely affected market and business conditions in general. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty make it more difficult for us to manage our operations and accurately forecast revenue, gross margin and operating expenses. Geopolitical issues, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, relations between the United States and China, tariff and trade policy changes, and increasing potential of conflict involving countries in Asia that are critical to our supply-chain operations, such as Taiwan and China, have resulted in increasing global tensions and create uncertainty for global commerce. The on-going global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to create shortages in component and supplies and otherwise disrupt and delay our global supply-chain operations. In addition, rising inflation in the United States has affected businesses across many industries, including ours, by increasing the costs of labor, employee healthcare, components and freight and shipping, which may further constrain our customers or prospective customers budgets. To the extent there is a sustained general economic downturn, and our platform and services are perceived by customers or potential customers as costly, or too difficult to deploy or migrate to, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in spending. Sustained or worsening of global economic conditions and geopolitical issues may increase our cost of doing business, materially disrupt our supply chain operations, cause our customers to reduce or delay spending and intensify pricing pressures. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, demand for our products, and our business, financial condition and results of operations, could be adversely affected. 
 We face intense competition that could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our financial results. 
 The market for our products is highly competitive, and we expect competition from both established and new companies to increase. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to successfully develop new products and solutions that anticipate BSP and market requirements and changes in technology and industry standards; BSP acceptance and adoption of our products and solutions; our ability to differentiate our products from our competitors offerings based on performance, features, cost-effectiveness or other factors; our product capabilities to meet customer network requirements and preferences; and our success in marketing and selling our products and platform solutions. 
 Many of our current or potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, broader product lines, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we do and are better positioned to acquire and offer complementary products and services. As the broadband access equipment market has undergone and continues to undergo consolidation, our competitors have merged, grown and been able to offer more comprehensive solutions than they individually had offered. Potential customers may also prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new supplier, regardless of product performance or features, because the products that we and our competitors offer require a substantial investment of time and funds to qualify and install. The demand on network capacity due to the shift towards a remote workforce may attract new market entrants with competitive or substitutive products, which may lead to increased sales cycles, cause pricing pressure and impact adoption of our platform due to the broader availability of product offerings. Some of our competitors may offer substantial discounts or rebates to win or retain customers. If we are forced to reduce prices to retain existing customers or win new customers, we may be unable to sustain gross margin at desired levels or profitability. Competitive pressures could result in increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margin, increased sales and marketing expenses and failure to increase, or the loss of, market share, any of which could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our industry is characterized by rapid technological advance, and if we fail to develop new products or enhancements that meet changing BSP requirements, we could experience lower sales. 
 Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, changing needs of BSPs, evolving industry standards and frequent introductions of new products and platform offerings. We invest significant amounts to pursue innovative technologies that we believe will be adopted by BSPs. For example, we have invested and continue to invest resources in our platform offerings. In addition, on an ongoing basis, we expect to reposition our product and service offerings and introduce new offerings as we encounter rapidly changing BSP requirements and increasing competitive pressures. If we cannot increase sales of our new platform and services, keep pace with rapid technological developments to meet customer needs and compete with evolving standards or if the technologies we choose to invest in fail to meet customer needs or are not adopted by customers in the timeframes that we expect, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Developing our products is complex and involves uncertainties, including pricing risks for key materials, component shortages and limited suppliers. We may experience design, manufacturing, software development quality, support, marketing and other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or marketing of new products and enhancements. If we fail to meet our development targets, demand for our products will decline. If we are unable to anticipate and develop new products or enhancements to our existing products on a timely and cost-effective basis, our products may become technologically obsolete more rapidly than anticipated over time, resulting in lower sales which would harm our business. Furthermore, the introduction of new or enhanced products also requires that we manage the transition from older products in accordance with customer requirements. If we fail to maintain compatibility requirements in our customers networks, demand for our products would decline, which would reduce our revenue opportunities and market share. 
 We use third-party development partners both for their key skills and to augment our employee developers. Using third-party development partners for our broadband platform and managed services allow us to accelerate development and leverage the third parties expertise, but increases our risks due to reduced direct control over the third party s work. This product development approach may cause unforeseen issues in product design, as well as challenges arising from integration and support of third-party features in our products. In addition, our revenue based on the third parties product development work may take several years to cover our out-of-pocket expenses, if ever. 
 Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales are difficult to predict and may vary substantially, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 
 The timing of our revenue is difficult to predict. Our sales efforts often involve educating BSPs about the use and benefits of our platform (cloud, software and systems) and managed services. BSPs typically undertake a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our platform and managed services, but also those of our competitors and results in a lengthy sales cycle. Sales cycles for larger customers are relatively longer and require considerably more time and expense. We spend substantial time, effort and money in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce sales. In addition, product purchases are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays. The timing of revenue related to sales of products and services that have installation requirements may be difficult to predict due to interdependencies that may be beyond our control, such as BSP testing and turn-up protocols or other vendors products, services or installations of equipment upon which our products and services rely. Such delays may result in fluctuations in our quarterly revenue. If sales expected from a specific customer for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, we may not achieve our revenue forecasts, and our financial results would be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends upon the capital spending patterns and decisions of BSPs, and any decrease or delay in capital spending by BSPs due to the timing and availability of capital and other causes would reduce our revenue and harm our business. 
 Demand for our products depends on the magnitude and timing of capital spending by BSPs as they construct, expand, upgrade and maintain their access networks as well as BSPs adoption of our platform and managed services. Capital spending is cyclical in our industry, sporadic among individual BSPs and can change on short notice, which gives us little visibility into changes in spending behavior in any particular quarter. Capital spending for network infrastructure projects could be delayed or canceled in response to factors outside our control, such as reduced consumer spending, challenging capital markets or declining liquidity trends. BSP spending is also affected by reductions in budgets, including as a result of a general economic downturn, delays in purchasing cycles, access to government funding programs or capital markets, and seasonality and delays in capital allocation decisions. Historically, our customers may spend less or have less deployments in the first quarter due to pending annual budgets or, in certain regions, due to weather conditions that inhibit outside fiber deployment, resulting in weaker demand for our products in the first quarter. Softness in demand in any of our customer markets, including due to macro-economic conditions beyond our control or uncertainties associated with regulatory reforms, has in the past and could in the future lead to unexpected decline or slowdown in customer capital expenditure. Further, BSPs may pursue capital investment in network technologies other than those offered by us or may choose not to adopt our products and platform solutions in their networks. Reductions in capital expenditures by BSPs would have a material negative impact on our revenue and results of operations and slow our rate of revenue growth. As a consequence, our results for a particular period may be difficult to predict, and our prior results are not necessarily indicative of results in future periods. 
 Historically, our customer base has been concentrated, and the loss of any of our key customers may adversely impact our revenue and results of operations, and any delays in payment by a key customer could negatively impact our cash flows and working capital. 
 Historically, a large portion of our sales has been, and in the future may be, to a limited number of large customers. Changes in the BSP market, such as financial difficulties, spending cuts or corporate consolidations that impact purchasing decisions by these customers have and may again negatively impact our revenue, and as a result, revenue from such customers may remain flat or continue to decline. For example, sales to Lumen, our only greater than 10 customer in 2020, declined in 2021 and sales to other BSP customers increased such that Lumen was not a 10 customer in 2021 or 2022. Any decrease or delay in 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 purchases of any of our key customers, particularly if prolonged or sustained, or our inability to grow our sales with them, may have a material negative impact on our revenue and results of operations. 
 In addition, some larger customers may demand discounts and rebates or desire to purchase their access systems and software from multiple providers. As a result of these factors, our future revenue opportunities may be limited, and we may face pricing pressures, which in turn could adversely impact our gross margin and our profitability. The loss of, reduction in, or pricing discounts associated with orders from any larger customer could significantly reduce our revenue and harm our business. Furthermore, delays in payment and/or extended payment terms from any of our larger customers could have a material negative impact on our cash flows and working capital to support our business operations. 
 Government-sponsored programs and U.S. federal government shutdowns could impact the timing and buying patterns of BSPs, which may cause fluctuations in our operating results. 
 We sell to BSPs, including U.S.-based IOCs, which rely significantly upon interstate and intrastate access charges and federal and state subsidies in the form of grants and other funding such as the Federal Communications Commission s, or FCC s, Rural Digital Opportunity Fund, the CARES Act or the American Rescue Plan Act. The FCC and some states may change such payments and subsidies, which could reduce IOC revenue. Furthermore, many IOCs use or expect to use government-supported loan programs or grants, such as Rural Utility Service loans and grants, to finance capital spending. These government-supported loan programs and grants generally include conditions such as deployment criteria, domestic preference provisions and other requirements that apply to the project and selected equipment as conditions for funding. For example, the U.S. government recently introduced legislation imposing domestic content requirements for infrastructure programs that receive federal funding. Changes to the terms or administration of these programs, including uncertainty from government and administrative change, increasing focus on domestic requirements by the U.S. that may require re-assessment of compliance, potential funding limitations that impact our ability to meet program requirements or delays due to U.S. federal government shutdowns could reduce the ability of IOCs to access capital or secure funding these programs to purchase our products and services and thus reduce our revenue opportunities. Customers may curtail purchases if they receive less funding than planned, are negatively impacted by federal government shutdowns or changes in government regulations and subsidies, or as funding winds down, any of which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Government and Regulatory Risks 
 Increasing data privacy regulations could impact our business and expose us to increased liability. 
 Government authorities in the United States and around the world have implemented and are continuing to implement broader and more stringent laws and regulations concerning data protection. The interpretation and application of these data protection laws and regulations are often uncertain and changing, and it is possible that they may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation, or EU GDPR, adopted by the European Union, or EU, and the UK General Data Protection Regulation, or UK GDPR, adopted by the United Kingdom, or UK, (the EU GDPR and UK GDPR hereinafter referred to as the GDPR) and national data protection supplementing laws in these jurisdictions impose specific duties and requirements upon companies that collect, process or control personal data of individuals located in the EU/UK, including a principle of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit. Although we currently do not have material operations or business in the EU or the UK, we are in the process of expanding in these jurisdictions, and we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial costs in this respect. Furthermore, the GDPR imposes significant penalties for noncompliance of at least 20 million (for the EU GDPR) or 17.5 million (for the UK GDPR), or up to 4 of a company s worldwide revenue; thus, any non-compliance with the GDPR could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Twice, the Court of Justice of the European Union, or the CJEU, has invalidated regulations designed to facilitate the transfer of data from European countries to the United States, and in July 2020, the CJEU held that transfers must be assessed on a case-by-case basis and reliance on standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate mechanism for personal data transfers) may not be sufficient in all circumstances. In March 2022, the U.S. and EU announced a new regulatory regime intended to replace the invalidated regulations; however, this new EU-US Data Privacy Framework has not yet been implemented beyond an executive order signed by President Biden on October 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities. We currently rely on the standard contractual clauses and the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (or Addendum) to transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area and the UK respectively, including to the United States. As the enforcement landscape further develops, and supervisory authorities issue further guidance on and revised standard contractual clauses for international data transfers. Our current contracts may not be sufficient, and we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines; we may have to stop using certain tools and vendors and make other operational changes; we have had to and will have to implement revised standard contractual clauses for existing intragroup, customer and vendor arrangements within required time frames; our customers may not use our services in a manner that is compliant with applicable data privacy laws and regulations; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 our services may not be competitive in certain markets; and/or it could otherwise affect the manner in which we provide our services, and could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 
 We and/or our customers are also subject to evolving EU and UK privacy laws on cookies, tracking technologies, e-marketing and electronic communications. Recent European court and regulator decisions are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. If the trend of increasing enforcement by regulators of the strict approach to opt-in consent for all but essential use cases, as seen in recent guidance and decisions continues, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of marketing activities conducted on behalf of our customers, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, and subject us to additional liabilities. In addition, new security regulations, such as the EU s Network and Information Security 2 Directive (NIS2) and the UK s Telecommunications (Security) Act 2021 together with its implementing regulations (currently in draft form) imposes further security obligations on electronic communications networks. We may be required to implement (and contractually commit to) additional security measures to remain a competitive vendor, as customers will need to ensure its vendors are able to meet the obligations that they are themselves subject to, or customers may choose different vendors due to our security measures. This could result in additional costs and require operational changes which could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 
 In light of the complex and evolving nature of EU, EU Member State and UK privacy laws, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in our efforts to comply with such laws; violations of such laws could result in regulatory investigations, fines, orders to cease/change our use of technologies, as well as lead to civil claims including class actions, and reputational damage. 
 Since 2020, a number of U.S. states, including California, Colorado, Utah and Virginia, have enacted laws and regulations to protect consumers personal information, and efforts to enact a comprehensive federal privacy law have intensified. Most of the new or proposed laws include restrictions on processing consumer information for targeted advertising, which could negatively affect our marketing cloud product. Complying with new and changing laws could cause us to incur substantial costs in order to market and sell our cloud-based solutions in the U.S. and internationally, deter customers from adopting our cloud-based solutions or require us to redesign our platform in order to meet customer requirements related to such laws. Regulatory actions or claims involving our practices in the collection, storage, processing, use or disclosure of consumer information or other personal data, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. The failure or perceived failure to comply may result in government or civil proceedings or actions against us, or could cause us to lose customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 If we fail to comply with evolving industry standards, sales of our products would be adversely affected. 
 Our products are subject to a significant number of domestic and international standards, which evolve as new technologies are developed and deployed. As we expand into new global markets, we are likely to encounter additional standards. Our products must comply with these standards in order to be widely marketable. In some cases, we are required to obtain certifications or authorizations before our products can be introduced, marketed or sold in new markets or to new customers. For example, our ability to maintain Operations System Modification for Intelligent Network Elements certification for our products will affect our ongoing ability to continue to sell our products to large BSPs. In addition, our ability to expand our international operations may be limited by standards in countries or may require us to redesign our products or develop new products to meet local standards. We may not be able to design our products to comply with local requirements, which would impede or prevent our ability to grow our business in those locations. Moreover, as we expand our business and operations globally, we must increase investments to maintain compliance with evolving standards across all of our markets. The costs of complying with evolving standards or failure to obtain timely authorizations or certification could prevent us from selling our products where these standards or regulations apply, which would result in lower revenue and lost market share. 
 Our failure or the failure of our manufacturers to comply with environmental and other legal regulations could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 The manufacture, assembly and testing of our products may require the use and disposal of hazardous materials that are subject to environmental, health and safety regulations, or materials subject to laws restricting the use of conflict minerals. We substantially depend upon our third-party manufacturers to comply with these requirements. Any failure by us or our third-party manufacturers to comply with these requirements could result in regulatory penalties, legal claims or disruption of production of our products. In addition, any failure to properly manage the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage, recycling or disposal of hazardous materials could subject us to increased costs or liabilities. Existing and future environmental regulations and other legal requirements may restrict our use of certain materials to manufacture, assemble and test products. Any of these consequences could adversely impact our results of operations by increasing our expenses and/or requiring us to alter our manufacturing processes. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in additional international markets. 
 Our products are subject to U.S. export and trade controls and restrictions. International shipments of certain of our products may require export licenses or are subject to additional export requirements. In addition, the import laws of other countries may limit our ability to distribute our products, or our customers ability to buy and use our products, in those countries. Changes in our products or changes in export and import regulations or duties may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our products or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, duties or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could negatively impact our ability to sell, profitably or at all, our products to existing or potential international customers. 
 Regulatory and physical impacts of climate change and other natural events may affect our customers and our manufacturers, resulting in adverse effects on our operating results. 
 As emissions of greenhouse gases continue to alter the composition of the atmosphere, affecting large-scale weather patterns and the global climate, any new regulation of greenhouse gas emissions may result in additional costs to our customers and our manufacturers. In addition, the physical impacts of climate change and other natural events, including changes in weather patterns, drought, rising ocean and temperature levels, earthquakes and tsunamis may impact our customers, suppliers and manufacturers, and our operations. These potential physical effects may adversely affect our revenue, costs, production and delivery schedules, and cause harm to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our customers are subject to government regulation, and changes in current or future laws or regulations that negatively impact our customers could harm our business. 
 The FCC has jurisdiction over our U.S. customers, and FCC regulatory policies that create disincentives for investment in access network infrastructure or impact the competitive environment in which our customers operate may harm our business. For example, adoption of regulations that affect providers of broadband Internet access services could impede the penetration of our customers into certain markets or affect the prices they may charge in such markets. Similarly, changes to regulatory tariff requirements or other regulations relating to pricing or terms of carriage on communication networks could slow the development or expansion of network infrastructures, which could adversely affect the sale of our products and services. Many of our customers are subject to FCC rate regulation of interstate telecommunications services and are recipients of government stimulus payments. Limits or restrictions on access to these programs could affect the ability of IOCs to access capital, which would in turn reduce our revenue opportunities. In addition, many of our customers are subject to state and federal regulation of their businesses, including rates for such services, and may also receive funding from state universal service funds. Changes in state or federal rate regulations or universal service funding rules could adversely affect our customers revenue and capital spending plans. Moreover, various international regulatory bodies have jurisdiction over certain of our customers outside the U.S. Changes in any of these standards, laws and regulations, or judgments in favor of plaintiffs in lawsuits against BSPs based on changed standards, laws and regulations could adversely affect the development of broadband networks and services. This, in turn, could directly or indirectly adversely impact the communications industry in which our customers operate. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Other Risks 
 Our stock price may continue to be volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile, which means that it could decline substantially within a short period of time and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include those discussed above and others such as quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; failure to meet any guidance that we have previously provided regarding our anticipated results; changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; failure to meet securities analysts estimates; announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, acquisitions or capital commitments; developments with respect to IP rights; our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; our commencement of, or involvement in, litigation and developments relating to such litigation; changes in governmental regulations; and a slowdown in the communications industry or the general economy. 
 Recently, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price and volatility of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Historically, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, there is increased risk that stockholders may initiate securities class action litigation against the company. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to entrenchment of our management and Board of Directors. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management or our Board of Directors. These provisions include: (1) a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our Board of Directors; (2) no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; (3) the exclusive right of our Board of Directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; (4) the ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; (5) a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; (6) the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or the Board of Directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and (7) advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. We are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which prohibits a corporation, in general, from engaging in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the Board of Directors has approved the transaction. 
 We may need additional capital in the future to finance our business. 
 While our working capital needs to support our business operations and growth have been funded from operating cash flows in the near term, we may need additional capital if our current plans and assumptions change. In January 2022, we terminated our loan and security agreement with Bank of America, N.A. If our financial position deteriorates, we may not be able to secure a similar source of financing to support our working capital needs on acceptable terms or at all. If future financings involve the issuance of equity securities, our then-existing stockholders would suffer dilution. If we raise additional debt financing, we may be subject to restrictive covenants that limit our ability to conduct our business. If we are unable to sustain positive operating income and cash flows from operations, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Furthermore, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows to support our operational needs, we may need to cease our repurchase program or seek additional sources of liquidity, including borrowings, to support our working capital needs, even if we believe we have generated sufficient cash flows to support our operational needs. There is no assurance that any other sources of liquidity may be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain other sources of liquidity, we will be forced to limit our development activities, reduce our investment in growth initiatives and institute cost-cutting measures, all of which would adversely impact our business and growth. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, our stockholders ability to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We do not currently intend to pay a cash dividend on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, our stockholders are not likely to receive any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 Our failure to adequately address and resolve risks and uncertainties associated with acquisitions could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may in the future acquire businesses, products or technologies to expand our product offerings and capabilities, customer base and business. We have evaluated and expect to continue to evaluate a wide array of potential strategic transactions. Such investments may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, unanticipated costs, and legal and regulatory challenges, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the anticipated benefit of any acquisition may never materialize or the process of integrating acquired businesses, products or technologies may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be utilized to the full value approved or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Repurchases we consummate could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could have a negative impact on our available cash balance. 
 In July 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a one-year stock repurchase program for up to 100 million of our common stock. Under the repurchase program, repurchases can be made from time to time using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, all in accordance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. The specific timing, price and size of the purchases will depend on prevailing stock prices, general economic and market conditions, and other considerations consistent with our capital allocation strategy. Stock repurchases could have an impact on our common stock trading prices, increase the volatility of the price of our common stock, or reduce our available cash balance such that we will be required to seek financing to support our operations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire a particular amount of common stock, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion, which may result in a decrease in the trading prices of our common stock. Even if our share repurchase program is fully implemented, it may not enhance long-term stockholder value. 
 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 We currently lease our corporate headquarters in San Jose, California. In addition to our headquarters site, we lease additional office space in the United States, China and India. 
 We believe that our facilities are in good condition and are generally suitable to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. We believe that prior to expiration of our current office space leases that we can renew or obtain suitable lease space on commercially reasonable terms for our business needs. In addition, we may continue to seek additional space as needed, and we believe this space will be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, in our opinion, are currently expected to individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition taken as a whole. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Comparative Stock Prices 
 Our common stock has been trading on the New York Stock Exchange, under the trading symbol CALX since our initial public offering on March 24, 2010. Prior to this time, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Number of Common Stockholders 
 As of February 10, 2023, the approximate number of holders of our common stock was 877 (not including beneficial owners of stock held in street name). 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Stock Repurchase 
 In July 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a one-year stock repurchase program for up to 100 million of the Company s common stock. There were no repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 100 million remained available for future stock repurchases under the repurchase program. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total returns of the NYSE Composite Index, Russell 2000 Index and the S P 500 Communications Equipment Index. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in our common stock and in each of the indexes during the last five fiscal years ended December 31, 2022. Data for the Russell 2000 Index and S P 500 Communications Equipment assume reinvestment of dividends. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Calix, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industry in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believe, could, expect, may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should, plan, predict, will, would, project, potential, or the negative thereof or other comparable terminology. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our business and industry and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified in the Risk Factors discussed in Item 1A, in the discussion below, as well as in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements and reasons why results may differ included in this report are made as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or reasons why actual results might differ. 
 
 Overview 
 We are the leading global provider of a broadband delivery platform (cloud, software and systems) and managed services that enable service providers of all types and sizes to innovate and transform their businesses. For our customers to successfully transform their businesses into the innovative BSPs of the future, they require actionable data for critical business functions such as network operations, customer support and marketing. However, this data is often trapped in disparate systems or departmental silos. Our Calix platform, which includes Calix Cloud, Revenue EDGE and Intelligent Access EDGE, gathers, analyzes and applies machine learning to deliver real-time insights seamlessly to each key business function. Our customers utilize these data and insights to simplify network operations, marketing and customer support and deliver experiences that excite their subscribers. This enables BSPs to grow their brand through increased subscriber acquisition, loyalty and revenue and to reduce their operating costs, creating value for their businesses and the communities they serve. 
 We market our Calix platform and managed services to communication service providers globally through our direct sales force as well as select resellers. Our customers range from smaller, regional service providers to some of the world s largest service providers. We have enabled approximately 1,900 customers purchasing directly and through partners to deploy passive optical, Active Ethernet and point-to-point Ethernet fiber access networks. 
 Our revenue and potential revenue growth will depend on our ability to develop, market and sell our platform and managed services to strategically aligned customers of all types such as WISPs, fiber overbuilders, cable MSOs, municipalities and electric cooperatives in the United States and internationally. Our growth is also highly dependent on the speed and willingness of customers to adopt the Calix platform and managed services. 
 Revenue fluctuations result from many factors, including, but not limited to: increases or decreases in customer orders for our products and services, market, financial or other factors that may delay or materially impact customer purchasing decisions, non-availability of products due to supply chain challenges, including component and labor shortages and increasing lead times as well as disruptions as a result of COVID-19 outbreaks, contractual terms with customers that result in delayed revenue recognition and varying budget cycles and seasonal buying patterns of our customers. More specifically, our customers have in the past spent less in the first quarter as they are finalizing their annual budgets, and in certain regions, customers are challenged by winter weather conditions that inhibit fiber deployment in outside infrastructure. Our revenue is also dependent upon our customers timing of purchases, capital expenditure plans and decisions to upgrade their networks or adopt new technologies, including adoption of our software and cloud platform solutions, as well as our ability to grow our customer base. 
 Cost of revenue is strongly correlated to revenue and tends to fluctuate due to all of the above factors that may cause revenue fluctuations. Factors that have impacted our cost of revenue, and that we expect will impact cost of revenue in future periods, also include: changes in the mix of products delivered, customer location and regional mix, changes in the cost of our inventory, including higher costs due to materials shortages including components, supply constraints or unfavorable changes in trade policies, investments to support expansion of cloud and customer support offerings as well as our customer success organization, changes in product warranty and incurrence of retrofit costs, amortization of intangibles, asset write-offs, support fees for silicon-related development work for our products, allowances for obligations to our suppliers and inventory write- 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 downs. Given the ongoing supply-chain disruptions related to component shortages, longer lead times as a result of increased global demand for certain components and disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced and are continuing to experience product supply delays and related challenges, and we expect these delays and related challenges to persist in the foreseeable future. Similarly, while on-going challenges in supply-chain logistics have improved to an extent, delivery timelines remain elongated. In addition, we periodically elect to ship by air versus by ocean in order to meet delivery commitments to our customers, which is more costly. Cost of revenue also includes fixed expenses related to our internal operations, which could increase our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue if our revenue declines. 
 Our gross profit and gross margin fluctuate based on timing of factors such as changes in customer mix and changes in the mix of products demanded and sold (and any related write-downs of existing inventory or accrual for supplier commitments) and have in the past been negatively impacted by increases in mix of revenue from channel sales rather than direct sales or other unfavorable customer or product mix, shipment volumes and any related volume discounts, changes in our product and services costs, pricing decreases or discounts, new product introductions or upgrades to existing products, customer rebates and incentive programs due to competitive pressure or materials shortages, supply constraints, investments to support expansion of cloud and customer support offerings, tariffs or unfavorable changes in trade policies. 
 Our operating expenses fluctuate based on the following factors among others: changes in headcount and personnel costs, which comprise a significant portion of our operating expenses; variable compensation due to fluctuations in shipment volumes or level of achievement against performance targets; timing of research and development expenses, including investments in innovative solutions and new customer segments, prototype builds and outsourced development resources; investments in marketing programs; asset write-offs; investments in our business and information technology infrastructure; and fluctuations in stock-based compensation expenses due to timing of equity grants or other factors affecting vesting. 
 Further, as a result of factors contributing to the fluctuations described above among other factors, many of which are outside our control, our quarterly operating results fluctuate from period to period. Comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue, costs and expenses during the periods presented. We base our estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. To the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial statements may be affected. We evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments on an ongoing basis. 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when a performance obligation is satisfied, which occurs when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Revenue from sales of access and premises systems is recognized when control is transferred to the customer, which is generally when the products are shipped. Revenue from software platform licenses, which provides the customer with a right to use the software as it exists, is generally recognized upfront when product is made available to the customer. Revenue from cloud-based software subscriptions, customer support, maintenance, extended warranty subscriptions and managed services is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Revenue from professional services and training is recognized as the services are delivered. 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. Our hardware products contain both software and non-software components that function together to deliver the products essential functionality and therefore constitutes a single performance obligation as the promise to transfer the individual software and non-software components is not separately identifiable and, therefore, not distinct. Cloud-based software subscriptions can include multi-year agreements with a fixed annual fee for a minimum committed usage level. To the extent that minimum committed usage level each year varies, we have concluded that each year represents a distinct stand-ready performance obligation and the transaction price allocated to each performance obligation is recognized as revenue ratably over each annual period. Our contracts may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, we allocate the contract s transaction price to each performance obligation using the relative stand-alone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. We generally determine stand-alone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers or our best estimate of stand-alone selling price. Our estimate of stand-alone selling price is established 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, geographies, market conditions, competitive landscape, internal costs, gross margin objectives, characteristics of targeted customers and pricing practices. The determination of estimated stand-alone selling price is made through consultation with and formal approval by management, taking into consideration the go-to-market strategy. 
 Inventory Valuation and Supplier Purchase Commitments 
 Inventory, which primarily consists of finished goods purchased from CMs or ODMs, is stated at the lower of cost (determined by the first-in, first-out method) and net realizable value. Inbound shipping costs and tariffs are included in the cost of inventory. In addition, from time to time, we procure component inventory primarily as a result of manufacturing discontinuation of critical components by suppliers. We regularly monitor inventory quantities on-hand and record write-downs for excess and obsolete inventory based on our estimate of demand for our products, potential obsolescence of technology, product life cycles and whether pricing trends or forecasts indicate that the carrying value of inventory exceeds our estimated selling price. We also evaluate our supplier purchase commitments, which have increased significantly due to extended lead-times in the current supply-chain environment, and record a liability for excess and obsolete components based on our estimated demand of our products, potential obsolescence of technology and product life cycles. These factors are impacted by market and economic conditions, technology changes and new product introductions and require estimates that may include elements that are uncertain. Actual demand may differ from forecasted demand and may have a material effect on gross profit. If inventory is written down, a new cost basis is established that cannot be increased in future periods. The sale of previously reserved inventory has not had a material impact on our gross margin. 
 Income Taxes 
 We evaluate our tax positions and estimate our current tax exposure along with assessing temporary differences that result from different book to tax treatment of items not currently deductible for tax purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, which are estimated based upon the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates that will be in effect when these differences reverse. In general, deferred tax assets represent future tax benefits to be received when certain expenses previously recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income become deductible expenses under applicable income tax laws or loss or credit carryforwards are utilized. Accordingly, realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income against which these deductions, losses and credits can be utilized. 
 We must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and to the extent we believe that recovery is not more likely than not, we must establish a valuation allowance. Management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. In the third quarter of 2021, we reversed the majority of our valuation allowance and recorded on our balance sheet U.S. federal and certain state deferred tax assets of 162 million. As of December 31, 2022, we determined that positive evidence continues to outweigh negative evidence and concluded that it was more likely than not that our U.S. federal and state (with the exception of California) deferred tax assets are realizable. We currently maintain a valuation allowance of 29.9 million for certain U.S. federal and California deferred tax assets. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 There have been no additional accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting pronouncements that are significant or potentially significant to us. 
 
 Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 The following table sets forth our revenue (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 Revenue 867,827 679,394 188,433 28 
 Our revenue increased by 188.4 million, or 28 , during 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in revenue was primarily due to higher revenue from our growing base of small and medium BSP customers and the continuation of BSPs seeking to provide their subscribers a better experience by adopting our platform and managed services. In particular, we added a new medium-sized customer that began to receive significant shipments during the second half of 2022. 
 Our revenue is principally derived in the United States. Revenue generated in the United States represented 91 of revenue in 2022 and 83 in 2021. Our primary focus has been and in the near term will continue to be the United States and Canada given our large, direct sales and marketing presence and the amount of government stimulus being invested into underserved and not- 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 served areas of these countries. In 2022, we introduced our platform to the United Kingdom. Over time, we expect to move to additional high average-revenue-per-user markets with our platform. 
 No customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenue for 2022 or 2021. See Note 11 Revenue from Contracts with Customers to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on concentration of revenue for the years presented. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 The following table sets forth our gross profit and gross margin (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 
 
 Gross profit 435,428 356,587 78,841 22 Gross margin 50.2 52.5 
 Gross profit increased by 78.8 million to 435.4 million during 2022 from 356.6 million during 2021. Gross margin decreased to 50.2 during 2022 from 52.5 during 2021. The decrease in gross margin of 230 basis points was mainly due to higher component and logistics costs from the COVID-19-pandemic-induced, supply-chain disruption, which more than offset the increase in gross margin due to increased software and subscription contributions. Going forward, we expect that the effects of the global supply-chain disruption will continue to normalize in 2023, and we expect the software and subscription contributions will grow, resulting in potential gross margin expansion. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel costs, employee sales commissions, marketing programs and events, software tools and travel-related expenses. The following table sets forth our sales and marketing expenses (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 Sales and marketing 174,549 125,909 48,640 39 Percent of revenue 20 19 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 48.6 million during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increases in personnel expenses of 33.6 million related to investments in sales headcount and higher sales incentive compensation, travel expenses of 5.7 million, stock-based compensation of 5.3 million and marketing expenses of 1.9 million. 
 We expect our investments in sales and marketing will increase in absolute dollars, but be relatively consistent as a percentage of revenue, as we attempt to capitalize on Calix s ability to enable new platform capabilities and managed services for our BSP customers. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses include personnel costs, outside contractor and consulting services, depreciation on lab equipment, costs of prototypes and overhead allocations. The following table sets forth our research and development expenses (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 Research and development 131,994 101,747 30,247 30 Percent of revenue 15 15 Percent of gross profit 30 29 
 The increase in research and development expenses of 30.2 million during 2022 compared with 2021 was mainly due to increases in personnel expenses of 15.5 million, stock-based compensation of 5.4 million, outside services of 4.5 million and depreciation and amortization of 1.5 million. 
 We expect our investments in research and development to increase in absolute dollars, but remain relatively consistent as a percentage of gross profit, as we plan to expand the functionality and capabilities of our platform and deliver new managed services. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs related to our executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, outside consulting services, insurance, facilities and fees for professional services. Professional services consist of outside audit, legal, accounting and tax services. The following table sets forth our general and administrative expenses (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 General and administrative 76,275 55,779 20,496 37 Percent of revenue 9 8 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses of 20.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021 was mainly due to increases in personnel expenses of 8.7 million, stock-based compensation of 8.7 million and outside services of 2.5 million. We made continued investments in our information technology infrastructure in 2022. 
 We expect our general and administrative investments to increase in absolute dollars but decline slightly as a percentage of revenue over time as we expect revenue to grow. 
 Restructuring Benefit 
 We initiated a restructuring plan in June 2020 to accelerate our platform future and to align with a work-from-anywhere culture. We incurred restructuring charges of 6.3 million in 2020, consisting of facilities-related charges and severance and other termination related benefits. In 2021, we reversed 0.8 million in facilities-related charges as a result of subleasing the abandoned portion of our San Jose headquarters. See Note 4 Balance Sheet Details of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The following table sets forth our interest and other expense, net (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 Interest and other income (expense), net 1,432 (1,284) 2,716 212 
 Interest and other income (expense), net increased by 2.7 million in 2022 compared with 2021 mainly due to income from marketable securities. 
 Income Taxes 
 The following table sets forth our income taxes (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 Income taxes 13,032 (165,724) 178,756 108 Effective tax rate 24 (228) 
 During 2022, our current tax expense was 11.1 million, and our deferred tax expense was 1.9 million. Our effective tax rate was higher than the federal statutory rate of 21 due to state taxes, Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax and the impact of stock-based compensation, partially offset by research and development tax credits and stock option windfall deductions. 
 During 2021, we recognized an income tax benefit of 162.0 million offset by current income taxes, based on our reassessment of the amount of our U.S. federal and other state deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized, primarily as a result of actual and projected increases in U.S. profitability in the current and future periods. 
 We continue to maintain a valuation allowance of 29.9 million on certain U.S. federal and California state deferred tax assets that we believe are not more likely than not to be realized in future periods. 
 Our income taxes may be subject to fluctuation during the year and in future years as new information is obtained, which may affect the assumptions used to estimate the annual effective tax rate, including factors such as actual results differing from our estimates of pre-tax earnings in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, which could impact the recognition of our deferred tax assets, the recognition or de-recognition of tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions and changes in or the interpretation of tax laws in jurisdictions where we conduct business. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 2021 Compared to 2020 
 For a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, we have funded our operations and investing activities primarily through cash flow generated from operations, sales of our common stock and various borrowing arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 241.7 million, which consisted of deposits held at banks and major financial institutions and highly liquid marketable securities such as U.S. government agency securities and commercial paper. This includes 2.7 million of cash primarily held by our foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, our liability for taxes that would be payable because of repatriation of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to the United States was not significant and limited to withholding taxes considering our existing net operating loss carryovers. 
 The following table presents the cash inflows and outflows by activity during 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 27,183 56,793 Net cash used in investing activities (24,082) (110,661) Net cash provided by financing activities 25,063 24,383 
 Operating Activities 
 Our operating activities provided cash of 27.2 million in 2022 and 56.8 million in 2021. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during 2022 as compared to 2021 was due primarily to unfavorable charges of 8.3 million in our net operating results after adjustment of non-cash charges and 21.4 million in our net cash outflow resulting from changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges consisted of stock-based compensation of 44.8 million, depreciation and amortization of 14.3 million and deferred income taxes of 1.9 million partially offset by net accretion of available-for-sale securities of 1.1 million. 
 In 2022, cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of increases in inventory of 60.3 million to improve our responsiveness to our BSPs subscriber demand; in prepaid expenses and other assets of 38.4 million mainly due to an inventory deposit to a CM partner; and in accounts receivable of 8.6 million due to increased revenue. These changes were partially offset by increases in accounts payable of 12.1 million due to increased inventory purchases; in accrued liabilities of 12.2 million, mainly related to accrued compensation and accruals for our Calix ConneXions 2022 Customer Success and Innovation conference; and in deferred revenue of 9.1 million due to our platform subscriptions. 
 Investing Activities 
 In 2022, cash used in investing activities of 24.1 million consisted of net purchases of marketable securities of 10.0 million and capital expenditures of 14.1 million, primarily related to purchases of test equipment and computer equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 In 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 25.1 million primarily consisted of proceeds from the issuance of common stock related to our equity plans of 27.5 million. This was partially offset by payments related to a financing arrangement of 2.4 million. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 For a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources and our cash flow activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Working Capital and Capital Expenditure Needs 
 Our material cash commitments include non-cancelable firm purchase commitments, normal recurring trade payables, compensation-related and expense accruals, operating leases and revenue-share obligations. We believe that our outsourced approach to manufacturing provides us significant flexibility in both managing inventory levels and financing our inventory. Furthermore, in July 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a one-year stock repurchase program for up to 100 million of our common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no repurchases were made under the program. 
 We believe, based on our current operating plan and expected operating cash flows, that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. If we are unable to execute on our current operating plan or continue to generate operating income and positive cash flows, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected, and we may need to cease our repurchase program or seek other sources of liquidity, including the sale of additional equity or borrowing, to support our working capital needs. In addition, we may choose to seek other sources of liquidity even if we believe we have generated sufficient cash flows to support our operational needs. There is no assurance that any other sources of liquidity may be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain other sources of liquidity, we will be forced to limit our development activities, reduce our investment in growth initiatives and institute cost-cutting measures, all of which may adversely impact our business and potential growth. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our principal commitments as of December 31, 2022 consisted of our contractual obligations under non-cancelable outstanding purchase obligations, operating lease obligations for office space and a revenue share obligation. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years Non-cancelable purchase commitments (1) 
 398,366 316,394 62,710 12,092 7,170 Operating lease obligations (2) 
 13,573 4,629 8,413 531 Revenue share obligation (3) 
 11,902 7,209 4,693 423,841 328,232 75,816 12,623 7,170 
 
 (1) Represents outstanding purchase commitments to be delivered by our third-party manufacturers or other vendors. See Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our outstanding purchase commitments related to our third-party manufacturers. 
 (2) Future minimum operating lease obligations in the table above primarily include payments for our office locations, which expire at various dates through 2027. See Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our operating leases. 
 (3) Represents remaining payments related to a revenue-share obligation, including imputed interest associated with developed software product and related enhancements by an engineering service provider. The schedule reflects our expected revenue-share and true-up payments based on our revenue projections for the developed products over a sales period through March 2024. If the minimum revenue-share payments are not achieved by the end of that period, a true-up payment will be due. See Note 4 Balance Sheet Details of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our outstanding liability. 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The primary objectives of our investment activity are to preserve principal, provide liquidity and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. By policy, we do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 241.7 million, which was held primarily in cash, money market funds and highly liquid marketable securities such as U.S. government agency securities and commercial paper. Due to the nature of these money market funds and highly liquid marketable securities, we believe that we do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities because of changes in interest rates. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our primary foreign currency exposures are described below. 
 Economic Exposure 
 The direct effect of foreign currency fluctuations on our sales and expenses has not been material because our sales and expenses are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, or USD. However, we are indirectly exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates to the extent of our use of foreign CMs whom we pay in USD. Increases in the local currency rates of these vendors in relation to USD could cause an increase in the price of products that we purchase. Additionally, if the USD strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could have an indirect effect on our sales to the extent it raises the cost of our products to non-U.S. customers and thereby reduces demand. A weaker USD could have the opposite effect. The precise indirect effect of currency fluctuations is difficult to measure or predict because our sales are influenced by many factors in addition to the impact of such currency fluctuations. 
 Translation Exposure 
 Our sales contracts are primarily denominated in USD and, therefore, most of our revenue is not subject to foreign currency risk. We are directly exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates to the extent such changes affect our expenses related to our foreign assets and liabilities with our subsidiaries in China, India and the United Kingdom, whose functional currencies are Chinese Renminbi, or RMB, Indian Rupee, or INR, and British Pounds Sterling, or GBP. 
 Our operating expenses are incurred primarily in the United States, in China associated with our research and development operations that are maintained there, in India for our center of excellence and in the United Kingdom for our international sales and marketing activities. Our operating expenses are generally denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries in which the operations are located. The percentages of our operating expenses denominated in the following currencies for the indicated fiscal years were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 USD 91 92 92 RMB 6 6 6 GBP 2 2 2 INR 1 100 100 100 
 If USD had appreciated or depreciated by 10 , relative to RMB, GBP and INR, our operating expenses for 2022 would have decreased or increased by approximately 3.3 million, or approximately 1 . 
 Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may also adversely impact our financial position as the assets and liabilities of our foreign operations are translated into USD in preparing our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on our consolidated financial position for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a net translation loss of 0.6 million. This loss is recognized as an adjustment to stockholders equity through Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 Transaction Exposure 
 We have certain assets and liabilities, primarily accounts receivables and accounts payable (including inter-company transactions) that are denominated in currencies other than the relevant entity s functional currency. In certain circumstances, changes in the functional currency value of these assets and liabilities create fluctuations in our reported consolidated financial position, cash flows and results of operations. Periodically, we use derivatives to hedge against fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. We do not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate variability in gains and losses generated from the re-measurement of certain assets denominated in foreign currencies. These foreign exchange forward contracts typically have maturities of approximately one to two months. As of December 31, 2022, we had no forward contracts outstanding. Transaction gains and losses on these foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are recognized each period within Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net loss related to these foreign exchange assets and liabilities of approximately 0.3 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, As of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income , Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 
 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Calix, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Calix, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of net realizable value of inventory and excess and obsolete inventory liabilities 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 As discussed in Notes 1, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has inventories with a carrying value of 149.2 million and excess and obsolete inventory liabilities of 10.3 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company adjusts the inventory carrying value for excess or obsolete inventory based on assumptions about future demand for products, potential obsolescence of technology, product life cycle, and whether pricing trends or forecasts indicate that the carrying value of inventory exceeds the estimated selling price. These factors are impacted by market and economic conditions, technology changes and new product introductions and require significant estimates that may include elements that are uncertain. The Company also records a liability and a charge to cost of revenue for estimated losses on inventory the Company is obligated to purchase from its manufacturers when the inventory has been rendered excess and obsolete due to manufacturing and engineering change orders resulting from design changes, manufacturing discontinuation of products by its suppliers, or in cases where the Company has committed inventory levels that greatly exceed projected demand. 
 We identified the evaluation of net realizable value of inventory and excess and obsolete inventory liabilities as a critical audit matter. Evaluation of the Company s forecasted demand, including the Company s determination of the effect of market and economic conditions, technology and design changes, new product introductions, and discontinuation of products by its suppliers required significant auditor judgment. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s inventory process. This included controls over the reviews of the estimates of the net realizable value of excess or obsolete inventory and liabilities for losses on inventory the Company is obligated to purchase from its manufacturers. For a selection of inventory items, we (1) reperformed the analysis provided by the Company to assess the accuracy of the net realizable value of inventory by comparing historical sales activity, customer order backlog, or demand forecasts to the inventory on hand quantities, and (2) performed inquiries of Company s personnel and inspected documents regarding market and economic conditions, technology and design changes, and new product introductions. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions used to estimate the excess and obsolete inventory liabilities considering (1) inquiries of Company s personnel and inspection of documents regarding market and economic conditions, technology and design changes, or supplier discontinuations, (2) historical reimbursements to suppliers for excess and obsolete component inventory, and (3) the excess and obsolete liabilities and purchase commitment trends. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 CALIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use operating leases Deferred tax assets Goodwill Other assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term portion of deferred revenue Operating leases Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 5) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 CALIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring charges (benefit) ) Total operating expenses Operating income Interest and other income (expense), net: Interest income (expense), net ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Total interest and other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes Income taxes ) Net income Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of shares used to compute net income per common share: Basic Diluted Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized loss on available-for-sale marketable securities, net ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 CALIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Treasury Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Loss Deficit Stock Equity Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net of forfeitures Issuance of common stock in connection with public offering, net of expenses Treasury stock retirement ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net of forfeitures Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net of forfeitures Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 CALIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Net accretion of available-for-sale securities ) Asset retirements and write-downs Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Maturities of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from common stock issuances related to employee benefit plans Payments related to financing arrangements ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of common stock in connection with public offering, net of expenses Proceeds from line of credit Payments related to the line of credit ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash investing activities: Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related to purchases of property and equipment ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 CALIX, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 , depending on the product type. The Company recognizes estimated costs related to warranty activities as a component of cost of revenue upon product shipment or upon identification of a specific product failure. Under certain circumstances, the Company also provides fixes on specifically identified performance failures for products that are outside of the standard warranty period and recognizes estimated costs related to retrofit activities as a component of cost of revenue upon identification of such product failures. The Company recognizes estimated warranty and retrofit costs when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable. The estimates are based upon historical and projected product failure and claim rates, historical costs incurred in correcting product failures and information available related to any specifically identified product failures. Judgment is required in estimating costs associated with warranty and retrofit activities, and the Company's estimates are limited to information available to the Company at the time of such estimates. In some cases, such as when a specific product failure is first identified or a new product is introduced, the Company may initially have limited information and limited historical failure and claim rates upon which to base its estimates, and such estimates may require revision in future periods. The recorded amount is adjusted from time to time for specifically identified warranty and retrofit exposure. Actual warranty and retrofit expenses are charged against the Company s estimated warranty and retrofit liability when incurred. Factors that affect the Company s warranty and retrofit liability include the number of active installed units and historical and anticipated rates of warranty and retrofit claims and cost per claim. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 million of cash held by its foreign subsidiaries in India, China and the United Kingdom. Management believes that the financial institutions that hold the Company s cash and cash equivalents are financially sound and, accordingly, minimal credit risk exists with respect to these cash and cash equivalents. 
 The Company depends primarily on a small number of outside contract manufacturers CMs and original design manufacturers ODMs for the bulk of its finished goods inventory. The Company generally purchases its products through purchase orders with its suppliers. While the Company seeks to maintain a sufficient supply of its products, the Company s business and results of operations could be adversely affected by a stoppage or delay in receiving such products, the receipt of defective parts, an increase in price of such products or the Company s inability to obtain lower prices from its CMs, ODMs and other suppliers in response to competitive pressures. 
 See Note 2 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

for extended warranty. The Company classifies the unamortized portion of deferred commissions as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize the expense. The current and noncurrent portions of deferred commissions are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets, respectively, in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 ; purchased software is depreciated over three to ; test equipment is depreciated over ; furniture and fixtures are depreciated over ; and leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the respective lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 
 There have been no significant events or changes in circumstances subsequent to the 2022 annual impairment test that would more likely than not indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may have been impaired as of December 31, 2022. There were impairment losses for goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that positive evidence continues to outweigh negative evidence and concluded that it was more likely than not that its U.S. federal and state (with the exception of California) deferred tax assets are realizable. The Company currently maintains a valuation allowance of million for certain U.S. federal and California deferred tax assets. 
 
 2. 
 Commercial paper U.S. government securities Money market funds Corporate debt securities Total cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities: U.S. government securities Commercial paper U.S. government agency securities Corporate debt securities Municipal securities Total marketable securities 
 The carrying amounts of the Company s money market funds approximate their fair values due to their nature, duration and short maturities. As of December 31, 2022, all marketable securities were due in or less. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ) Commercial paper ) U.S. government agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Municipal securities ) Total marketable securities ) 
 Unrealized gains and losses were not significant as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 3. 
 U.S. government securities Commercial paper U.S. government agency securities Corporate debt securities Municipal securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Total Money market funds U.S. government securities Commercial paper U.S. government agency securities Corporate debt securities Municipal securities 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) 
 ) ) Product return liability ) Year Ended December 31, 2021: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Product return liability ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Product return liability ) 
 Finished goods 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Computer equipment Software Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Other long-term assets 
 Intangible Asset Acquisition 
 In March 2018, and as amended in December 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with a vendor to develop a certain software product and related enhancements pursuant to which the Company is obligated to make revenue-share payments under the program, subject to aggregate fixed revenue-share payments of million. The payments are based on a revenue-share rate applied to revenue from the developed-product and the corresponding hardware sales through March 2024. If the minimum revenue-share payments are not achieved by the end of that period, a true-up payment will be due. As of December 31, 2022, the liability, including accrued interest, was million, of which million is included in Accrued liabilities and million in Other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the liability, including accrued interest, was million, of which million was included in Accrued liabilities and million in other Other long-term liabilities. 
 Component inventory held by suppliers Professional and consulting fees Current portion of revenue-share payments Current portion of warranty and retrofit Customer advances or rebates Taxes payable Operating leases Freight Business events Product returns Other 
 Provision for warranty and retrofit charged to cost of revenue Utilization of reserve ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 Accrued Restructuring Charges 
 The Company initiated a restructuring plan in 2020 to accelerate the Company s platform future and to align with a work-from-anywhere culture. The Company incurred restructuring charges of approximately million, consisting of facilities-related charges and severance and other termination related benefits for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, as a result of subleasing the abandoned portion of the Company s San Jose headquarters, the Company reversed million in facilities-related charges due to the expected recovery of accrued common areas maintenance fees. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 accrued restructuring charges in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 5. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 and thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) 
 
 Operating leases 
 The Company leases its headquarters office space in San Jose, California under a lease agreement that expires in December 2025. The future minimum lease payments under the lease are million and are included in the table for the year ended December 31, 2022 above. 
 The above tables also include future minimum lease payments for the Company's office facilities in Petaluma, California; Plymouth, Minnesota; Richardson, Texas; Bangalore, India; Nanjing, China; and West Jordan, Utah, which expire at various dates through 2027. 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into a sublease for a portion of the San Jose headquarters office space that was previously abandoned. The sublease commenced in August 2022 for a term of months. The Company received million in sublease income in 2022. 
 2024 2025 Total future minimum sublease payments 
 The weighted average discount rate for the Company s operating leases as of December 31, 2022 was . The weighted average remaining lease term as of December 31, 2022 was years. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total rent expense of the Company was million, million and million, respectively. Cash paid within operating cash flows for operating leases was million, million and million for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 The Company s CMs and ODMs place orders for certain component inventory in advance based upon the Company s build forecasts in order to reduce manufacturing lead times and ensure adequate component supply. The components are used by the CMs and ODMs to build the products included in the build forecasts. The Company generally does not take ownership of the components held by CMs and ODMs. The Company places purchase orders with its CMs and ODMs in order to fulfill its monthly finished product inventory requirements. The Company incurs a liability when the CMs and ODMs convert the component inventory to a finished product and takes ownership of the finished goods inventory. In the event of termination of services with a manufacturing partner, the Company has purchased, and may be required to purchase in the future, certain of the 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of outstanding purchase commitments for inventories to be delivered by its suppliers, including CMs and ODMs. 
 The Company has from time to time, and subject to certain conditions, reimbursed certain suppliers for component inventory purchases when this inventory has been rendered excess or obsolete, for example due to manufacturing and engineering change orders resulting from design changes, manufacturing discontinuation of products by its suppliers, or in cases where the Company has committed inventory levels that greatly exceed projected demand. The estimated excess and obsolete inventory liabilities related to such manufacturing and engineering change orders and other factors, which are included in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company records the related charges in cost of systems revenue in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. The Company is not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to the Company, in management s opinion, are currently expected to individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results or financial condition taken as a whole. 
 Indemnifications 
 The Company from time to time enters into contracts that require it to indemnify various parties against claims from third parties. These contracts primarily relate to (i) certain real estate leases, under which the Company may be required to indemnify property owners for environmental and other liabilities, and other claims arising from the Company s use of the applicable premises, (ii) agreements with the Company s officers, directors and certain employees, under which the Company may be required to indemnify such persons for liabilities arising out of their relationship with the Company, (iii) contracts under which the Company may be required to indemnify customers against third-party claims that a Company product infringes a patent, copyright or other intellectual property right and (iv) agreements under which the Company may be required to indemnify the counterparty for certain claims that may be brought against them arising from the Company s acts or omissions with respect to the transactions contemplated by such agreements. 
 Because any potential obligation associated with these types of contractual provisions are not quantified or stated, the overall maximum amount of the obligation cannot be reasonably estimated. Historically, the Company has not been required to make payments under these obligations, and no liabilities have been recorded for these obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 6. 
 million shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of the Company s preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company or other corporate action. Since the Company s initial public offering, the Board of Directors has not designated any rights, preference or powers of any preferred stock, and shares of preferred stock have been issued. 
 Common Stock 
 Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of legally available funds. dividends have been declared or paid as of December 31, 2022. 
 In August 2020, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock at per share, including a full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional shares of Common Stock, resulting in net proceeds of million, after deducting the underwriting discount and expenses paid by the Company. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In July 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for up to million of the Company s common stock. Under the repurchase program, repurchases can be made from time to time using a variety of 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 million shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 Stock options granted under the 2019 Plan are granted at a price not less than of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Stock options issued under the 2019 Plan generally vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and on a quarterly basis thereafter for a period of an additional . The options have a maximum term of . 
 In February 2021, PSOs exercisable for up to an aggregate of million shares of common stock were granted to certain Company executives with a grant date exercise price of per share. The actual number of shares earned is contingent upon achievement of annual corporate financial targets for bookings and non-GAAP net income for 2021 (collectively, the 2021 Performance Targets during the performance period. Under the 2021 Performance Targets, if the non-GAAP net income is below of target or bookings are below of target, shares would be awarded. From this base, shares are awarded on a weighting for both non-GAAP net income and bookings up to for each 2021 Performance Target using a sliding scale. 
 In February 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors certified the results against the 2021 Performance Targets and awarded of PSOs subject to the services condition. As such, of the awarded shares of the PSOs were vested on that date, and the remaining of the shares of common stock will vest in substantially equal quarterly installments over the subsequent months, subject to the executive s continuous service with the Company through the respective vesting dates. Stock-based compensation expense of million and million was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these awards. Also, in February 2022, the Compensation Committee granted PSOs exercisable for up to an aggregate of million shares of common stock to certain Company executives with a grant date exercise price of per share, using the same plan design as 2021 but with 2022 annual corporate financial targets for bookings and non-GAAP net operating income (collectively, the 2022 Performance Targets ). 
 
 In February 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors certified the results against the 2022 Performance Targets and awarded of PSOs subject to the service condition. As such, of the awarded shares of the PSOs were vested on that date, and the remaining of the shares of common stock will vest in substantially equal quarterly installments over the subsequent months, subject to the executive s continuous service with the Company through the respective vesting dates. Stock-based compensation expense of million was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to these awards. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Canceled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 (1) Amounts represent the difference between the exercise price and the fair market value of common stock at December 31, 2022 of per share for all in-the-money options outstanding. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million, million and million, respectively. Cash received from employee stock option exercises in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plans 
 The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation subject to certain Internal Revenue Code limitations. In addition, participants may purchase up to shares of common stock in each offering period. 
 The offering periods under the ESPP are offering periods from August 15 th through February 14 th and February 15 th through August 14 th of each year. The price of common stock purchased under the ESPP is of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date and the end date of each offering period. At the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable under the ESPP by million shares. The total shares authorized for issuance under the ESPP increased from million shares to million shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for issuance under the ESPP. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million shares were purchased under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of million related to the ESPP is expected to be recognized over a remaining service period of years. 
 The NQ ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation. Eligible employees have the right to (a) purchase the maximum number of whole shares of common stock that can be purchased with the elected payroll deductions during each offering period for which the employee is enrolled at a purchase price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the last day of such offering period and (b) receive an equal number of shares of the Company s common stock that are subject to a risk of forfeiture in the event the employee terminates employment within the period immediately following the purchase date. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, the NQ ESPP provides quarterly offering periods from May 8 th through August 7 th , August 8 th through November 7 th , November 8 th through February 7 th and February 8 th through May 7 th of each year. A transition period began on May 15 th and ended on August 7 th . At the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable under the NQ ESPP by million shares. The maximum number of shares of common stock currently authorized for issuance under the NQ ESPP is million shares, with a maximum of million shares allocated per purchase period. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for issuance under the NQ ESPP, including the stockholder-approved million share increase. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million shares were purchased and issued. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of million related to the NQ ESPP is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average service period of years. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Services Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Income tax benefits recognized 
 ESPP NQ ESPP 
 The Company values employee stock purchase rights under the NQ ESPP at the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock options and employee stock purchase right under the ESPP at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires the use of the following assumptions: 
 (i) Expected volatility of the Company s common stock The Company computes its expected volatility assumption based on a blended volatility historical volatility and implied volatility from traded options on the Company s common stock). The selection of a blended volatility assumption was based upon the Company s assessment that a blended volatility is more representative of the Company s future stock price trend as it weighs the historical volatility with the future implied volatility. 
 (ii) Expected life of the option award Represents the weighted-average period that the stock options are expected to remain outstanding. The Company s computation of expected life utilizes the simplified method in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 due to the lack of sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The mid-point between the vesting date and the expiration date is used as the expected term under this method. 
 (iii) Expected dividend yield The assumption is zero based on the Company s history of not paying dividends and no future expectations of dividend payouts. 
 (iv) Risk-free interest rate Based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with maturities approximating the grant s expected life. 
 Expected life (years) Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected life (years) Risk-free interest rate 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average amortization period (in years) 
 The Company expects to recognize stock-based compensation expense of million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025 and million in 2026. 
 Shares available for future grant under 2019 Plan Shares available for future issuance under ESPP Shares available for future issuance under NQ ESPP 
 
 7. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 Assets and liabilities of the Company s wholly owned foreign subsidiaries are translated from their respective functional currencies at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and revenue and expenses are translated at the monthly average exchanges rates. These translations result in differences called foreign currency translation adjustments. Realized foreign currency transaction gains or losses were not significant during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and are recorded in Other income (expense), net in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Realized gains and losses on sales of available-for-sale marketable securities, if any, are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Foreign 
 
 State Foreign Current income tax Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) Deferred income tax ) ) 
 Impact of state taxes ) Foreign operations ) R D tax credits ) ) Foreign income inclusion Stock-based compensation ) ) Other permanent items ) ) Tax true-up ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net operating loss expiration / attribute expiration ) Base erosion anti-abuse tax ) 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Tax credit carryforwards Accruals and reserves Deferred revenue Stock-based compensation Capitalized R D Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 All deferred taxes, along with any related valuation allowance, are classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as long-term. 
 A valuation allowance is required when, based upon an assessment of various factors, including recent operating loss history, anticipated future earnings, and prudent and reasonable tax planning strategies, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. At each reporting period, the Company assesses the estimated future realizability of the gross carrying value of its deferred tax assets. The Company s periodic assessments take into consideration both positive evidence (future profitability projections for example and recent financial performance) and negative evidence (historical financial performance for example) as it relates to evaluating the future recoverability of its deferred tax assets. During 2021, the Company released its valuation allowance for federal and state (with the exception of California) deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized, primarily as a result of actual and projected increases in U.S. profitability in the current and future periods. In performing its analysis, the Company used the most updated plans and estimates that it currently uses to manage the underlying business and calculated the ability to utilize its deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance increased by million from 2021 to 2022. The Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance of million on certain U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets that the Company believes are not more likely than not to be realized in future periods. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal and state net operating losses of approximately million and million, respectively. The U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates through 2039 if not utilized. The state net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates through 2039 if not utilized. Additionally, the Company has U.S. federal, California and other U.S. states research and development credits of approximately million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, respectively. The U.S. federal research and development credits have begun to expire in 2022 and will continue to expire at various dates through 2042. The California research and development credits have no expiration date. The credits related to other various U.S. states have begun to expire and will continue to expire at various dates through 2036. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 ASC 740, Income Taxes, prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute to the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions. The standard requires the Company to recognize the financial statement effects of an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that such position will be sustained upon audit. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense and income tax expense, respectively, in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Reduction for tax positions related to prior year ) ) Additions for tax positions related to prior year Additions for tax positions related to current year Balance at end of year 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million and million, respectively, million of which would affect the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. There were accrued interest or penalties for uncertain income tax as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company files tax returns in the United States and various state jurisdictions, China, India and the United Kingdom. The tax years 2000 through 2021 remain open and subject to examination by the appropriate governmental agencies due to tax attribute carryforwards. 
 
 10. 
 Denominator: Weighted-average common shares basic Effect of dilutive potential common shares Weighted-average common shares diluted Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share Potentially dilutive shares excluded, weighted-average 
 Unvested restricted stock awards are included in the calculation of basic weighted-average shares because such shares are participating securities; however, the impact was immaterial. 
 Potentially dilutive shares have been excluded from the computation of diluted net income per common share when their effect is antidilutive. These antidilutive shares were primarily from stock options. 
 
 11. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Americas excluding U.S. Europe Middle East Africa Asia Pacific 
 China India 
 Contract Asset 
 The primary contract asset is revenue recognized on professional services contracts where the services are transferred to the customer over time, which has yet to be billed, and is classified to remaining performance obligations within accounts receivable. Amounts are billed in accordance with the agreed-upon contractual terms. The balance as of December 31, 2022 was million of which the Company expects to bill of the balance during 2023. The balance as of December 31, 2021 was million of which million remained in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. The increase in the contract asset was driven by the timing and volume of professional services contracts. 
 Contract Liability 
 Deferred revenue was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in deferred revenue of million is primarily driven by cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying the Company's performance obligations during the year being greater than the million of revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the year. 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represent contract revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. This amount was million as of December 31, 2022, and the Company expects to recognize of such revenue over the next months and the remainder thereafter. 
 Contract Costs 
 The Company capitalizes certain sales commissions related primarily to multi-year subscriptions and extended warranty support for which the expected amortization period is greater than one year. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized balance of deferred commissions was million and million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the amount of amortization was million, compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized for either period. 
 Concentration of Customer Risk 
 No customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Lumen Technologies, Inc. (formerly CenturyLink, Inc.), the Company s only greater-than-10 -of-revenue customer, represented of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 One customer represented of the Company s accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. Another customer represented of the Company s accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There were no changes in nor any disagreements with accountants on accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, auditing scope or procedures, or other reportable events requiring disclosure pursuant to Item 304(b) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, which we refer to as the evaluation date, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principle executive officer and principle financial officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). 
 The purpose of this evaluation was to determine whether as of the evaluation date our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in our filings with the SEC, (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation, management has concluded that we maintained effective control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the COSO criteria. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures provide our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer reasonable assurances that our disclosure controls and procedures will achieve their objectives. However, our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting can or will prevent all human error. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Furthermore, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are internal resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be weighed relative to their corresponding costs. Because of the limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide complete assurance that all control issues and instances of error, if any, within our company are detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur due to human error or mistake. Additionally, controls, no matter how well designed, could be circumvented by the individual acts of specific persons within the organization. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated objectives under all potential future conditions. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this Item 10 relating to our directors is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors and Director Compensation and in other applicable sections of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, or the Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report. Information required by this Item 10 relating to our officers is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Executive Officers and Executive Compensation and in other applicable sections of the Proxy Statement. Information regarding our Section 16 reporting compliance is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance of the Proxy Statement. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics, which applies to all employees, officers and directors of Calix. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics meets the requirements of a code of ethics as defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K, and applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and all other employees, as indicated above. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics also meets the requirements of a code of conduct under NYSE listing standards. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.calix.com under the links About - Investor Relations - Governance - Code of Conduct. We intend to disclose any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as any waivers for executive officers or directors, on our website at www.calix.com. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information required by this Item 11 relating to executive compensation and other matters is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis and in other applicable sections of the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information required by this Item 12 relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and in other applicable sections of the Proxy Statement. Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information of the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information required by this Item 13 relating to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and in other applicable sections of the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Santa Clara, CA Auditor Firm ID: 
 Information required by this Item 14 relating to principal account fees and services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services of the Proxy Statement. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements of Calix and the report of independent registered public accounting firm thereon are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, As of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income , Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 
 
 2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, not presently in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed with or incorporated by reference in this report. Where such filing is made by incorporation by reference to a previously filed registration statement or report, such registration statement or report is identified in parentheses. We will furnish any exhibit upon request to: Calix Investor Relations at InvestorRelations@calix.com. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Calix, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 7 to Calix s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2010 (File No. 333-163252) and incorporated by reference) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Calix, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 7 to Calix s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2010 (File No. 333-163252) and incorporated by reference) 
 4.1 Form of Calix, Inc. s Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 7 to Calix s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2010 (File No. 333-163252) and incorporated by reference) 
 4.2 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Calix s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2020 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference). 
 10.1 Calix, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Award Plan and related documents (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 6 to Calix s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 8, 2010 (File No. 333-163252) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement made by and between Calix, Inc. and each of its directors, executive officers and some employees (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 6 to Calix s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 8, 2010 (File No. 333-163252) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.3 Offer Letter between Calix, Inc. and Carl Russo dated November 1, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 1 to Calix s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 31, 2009 (File No. 333-163252) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.4 Offer Letter by and between Calix, Inc. and Michael Weening dated May 20, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 3, 2016 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.5 Letter Agreement dated November 27, 2019 by and between Calix, Inc. and Michael Weening (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Calix s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2019 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.6 Amendment to Letter Agreement dated November 12, 2020 between Calix, Inc. and Michael Weening (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Calix s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.7 Offer Letter between Calix, Inc. and Cory Sindelar dated September 28, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2017 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.8 Nonstatutory Inducement Stock Option Grant Notice between Calix, Inc. and Cory Sindelar dated October 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2017 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.9 Letter Agreement dated November 27, 2019 by and between Calix, Inc. and Cory Sindelar (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Calix s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2019 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.10 Net Lease Agreement by and between Calix, Inc. and Orchard Parkway San Jose, LLC dated March 9, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10. 2 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2018 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.11 First Amendment to Net Lease Agreement by and between Calix, Inc. and Orchard Parkway San Jose, LLC dated November 14, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to Calix's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.12 Second Amendment to Net Lease Agreement by and between Calix, Inc. and Orchard Parkway San Jose, LLC dated December 10, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Calix s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.13 Calix, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant's definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 1 , 20 20 (File No. 001-34674)) 
 10.14 Calix, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Award Plan - Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option and Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to Calix s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.15 Calix, Inc. Non-Employee Director Cash Compensation Policy, as amended May 16, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.16 Calix, Inc. Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy, as amended May 16, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Calix's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.17 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan effective April 24, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 21, 2020 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.18 Amended and Restated 2017 Nonqualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan effective April 24, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 21, 2020 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.19 Calix, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan effective March 26, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.20 Calix, Inc. Non-Employee Director Cash Compensation Policy, as amended February 11, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.21 Calix, Inc. Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy, as amended February 11, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 27, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.22 Calix, Inc. Non-Employee Director Cash Compensation Policy, as amended August 11, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 26, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.23 Second Amendment to Letter Agreement between Calix, Inc. and Michael Weening dated August 11, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 26, 2021 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 10.24 Promotion Letter between Calix, Inc. and Michael Weening dated September 30, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Calix s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022 (File No. 001-34674) and incorporated by reference) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Calix, Inc. Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Calix, Inc. Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Calix, Inc. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Calix, Inc. (Registrant) Dated: February 21, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Weening Michael Weening President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: February 21, 2023 By: /s/ Cory Sindelar Cory Sindelar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Michael Weening and Cory Sindelar, and each of them, with full power of substitution and re-substitution and full power to act without the other, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 21, 2023. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Michael Weening President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 21, 2023 Michael Weening /s/ Cory Sindelar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 21, 2023 Cory Sindelar /s/ Carl Russo Chairman of the Board of Directors February 21, 2023 Carl Russo /s/ Don Listwin Lead Independent Director February 21, 2023 Don Listwin /s/ Christopher Bowick Director February 21, 2023 Christopher Bowick /s/ Kathy Crusco Director February 21, 2023 Kathy Crusco /s/ Michael Everett Director February 21, 2023 Michael Everett /s/ Eleanor Fields Director February 21, 2023 Eleanor Fields /s/ Kira Makagon Director February 21, 2023 Kira Makagon /s/ Rajatish Mukherjee Director February 21, 2023 Rajatish Mukherjee /s/ Kevin Peters Director February 21, 2023 Kevin Peters 
 64 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 calx-20221231xex211subsidi.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction Calix Network Technology Development (Nanjing) Co. Ltd. China Calix Networks UK, Ltd. England, UK CIDC Private Limited India Calix Korea Yuhan Chegim Hoesa South Korea Calix International, Inc. United States Calix Brasil Servicos Ltda. Brazil 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 calx-20221231xex231kpmgcon.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-166245, 333-172379, 333-185025, 333-194054, 333-202496, 333-209732, 333-216323, 333-218066, 333-223637, 333-226682, 333-230023, 333-234355, 333-240106, and 333-258197) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-240105) on Form S-3 of our report dated February 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Calix, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Santa Clara, California 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 calx-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Weening, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Calix, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 s Michael Weening Michael Weening President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 calx-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Cory Sindelar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Calix, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 s Cory Sindelar Cory Sindelar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 calx-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Weening, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Calix, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 s Michael Weening Michael Weening President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 I, Cory Sindelar, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Calix, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 s Cory Sindelar Cory Sindelar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Calix, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 calx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 calx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 calx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 calx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 calx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

