<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_75208_0001493152-23-007123.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9296941</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>281923</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1513204</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3044341</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1971213</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2252050</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007123.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309160633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000075208
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DEEP SEA FOREIGN TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT [4412]
		IRS NUMBER:				132637623
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06479
		FILM NUMBER:		23719752

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HARBOUR PLACE
		STREET 2:		302 KNIGHTS RUN AVENUE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132090600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HARBOUR PLACE
		STREET 2:		302 KNIGHTS RUN AVENUE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007123.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

FOR
ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Transition Period from __________ to __________. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated
 filer 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. No

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second quarter, was , b ased on the closing price of
 2.05 per share of Class A common stock on the NYSE exchange on that date. For this purpose, all outstanding shares of common stock have
been considered held by non-affiliates, other than the shares beneficially owned by directors, officers and certain 5 stockholders of
the registrant; certain of such persons disclaim that they are affiliates of the registrant. 

As
of March 6, 2023, shares of the issuer s Class A common stock were outstanding.
Excluded from these amounts are penny warrants, which were outstanding as of March 6, 2023, for the purchase of 3,512,321
 shares of Class A common stock without consideration of any withholding pursuant to the cashless exercise procedures. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Available Information 
 i 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 i 

Supplementary Financial Information 
 ii 

Glossary 
 ii 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Overview and Recent Developments 
 1 

Fleet Operations 
 3 

Human Capital 
 5 

Competition 
 5 

Environmental and Security Matters 
 6 

Inspection by Classification Societies 
 12 

Insurance 
 13 

Taxation of the Company 
 14 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 23 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 32 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 67 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 67 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 68 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 69 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 69 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 69 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 73 
 
 Signatures 
 
 74 

References
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company , OSG , we , us , or our 
refer to Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and, unless the context otherwise requires or otherwise is expressly stated, its subsidiaries. 

OSG
is currently a smaller reporting company SRC under SEC rules. As an SRC, OSG is
permitted to omit certain disclosures; however, we have provided some disclosures that may be omitted, such as disclosures relating to
our risk factors. 

A
glossary of shipping terms that should be used as a reference when reading this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found immediately prior
to Part I. Capitalized terms that are used in this Annual Report are either defined when they are first used or in the Glossary. 

All
dollar amounts are stated in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

The
Company makes available free of charge on its website, www.osg.com, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company files such material with,
or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our website and the information contained on or connected to our website are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Company also makes available on its website its corporate governance guidelines, its code of business conduct, its insider trading
and anti-bribery and corruption policies, and the charters of the Audit, Human Resources and Compensation, and
Corporate Governance and Risk Assessment Committees of the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise noted, neither our website nor the
information contained on or connected to our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. In addition, we may make certain forward-looking statements in future filings with the SEC, in press releases, or in oral or written
presentations by representatives of the Company. All statements other than statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking
statements. Words such as may , will , should , would , could , appears ,
 believe , intends , expects , estimates , targeted , plans ,
 anticipates , goal , and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but should
not be considered as the only means by which these statements may be made. Such forward-looking statements represent the Company s
reasonable expectations with respect to future events or circumstances based on various factors and are subject to various risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions relating to the Company s operations, financial results, financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy
and liquidity. However, there are or will likely be important factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, that could
cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in these statements. Undue reliance
should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, and consideration should be given to the following factors when reviewing such
statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: 

the
 inability to attract or retain qualified mariners, as a result of labor shortages, competition
 to hire mariners, and other influences on the labor pool and associated costs; 
 
 volatility
 in supply and demand in the crude oil and refined product markets worldwide or in the specialized
 markets in which the Company currently trades, which could also affect the nature and severity
 of certain factors listed below; 
 
 uncertain
 economic, political and governmental conditions in the United States or abroad, and conditions
 in the oil and natural gas industry, such as the Russia/Ukraine war, other geopolitical
 developments, or otherwise ; 
 
 increasing
operating costs, unexpected drydock costs, and/or increasing capital expenses as a result of supply chain limitations, lack of availability
of materials and of qualified contractors and technical experts, the consolidation of suppliers, and inflation; 
 
 challenges
 associated with compliance with complex environmental laws and regulations, including those
 relating to the emission of greenhouse gases and ballast water treatment, and corresponding increases in expenses; 

i 

work
 stoppages or other labor disruptions by the unionized employees of the Company or other companies
 in related industries, or the impact of any potential liabilities resulting from withdrawal
 from participation in multiemployer plans; 
 
 public
 health threats, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can impact the Company in many ways,
 including increasing operating costs to protect the health and safety of the Company s
 crew members and others in the industry; 
 
 the
 inability to clear oil majors risk assessment processes; 
 
 the
 effect of the Company s indebtedness on its ability to finance operations, pursue desirable
 business operations and successfully run its business in the future or to generate sufficient
 cash to service its indebtedness and to comply with debt covenants, allowing it to maintain
 capital availability; 
 
 the
 highly cyclical nature of OSG s industry and significant fluctuations in the market
 value of our vessels; 
 
 the
 Company s ability to renew its time charters when they expire or to enter into new
 time charters, to replace its operating leases on favorable terms, or to compete effectively
 for charters; 
 
 the
 loss of or reduction in business with any one of our large customers, changes in credit risk
 with respect to the Company s counterparties on contracts, or the failure of counterparties
 to meet their obligations; 
 
 the
 Company s compliance with 46 U.S.C. sections 50501 and 55101 (commonly known as the
 Jones Act and heightened exposure to Jones Act market fluctuations, as well
 as stockholder citizenship requirements imposed on us by the Jones Act, which result in restrictions
 on foreign ownership of the Company s common stock; 
 
 limitations
 on U.S. coastwise trade, the waiver, modification or repeal of the Jones Act limitations,
 or changes in international trade agreements; and 
 
 the
 Company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards. 

Investors
should carefully consider these factors and the additional factors outlined in more detail in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the
caption Risk Factors and in other reports hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC. The Company assumes no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or its representatives after the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement contained in this section and in other reports
hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC. 

NON-GAAP
FINANCIAL MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The
Company reports its financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ).
However, the Company has included in this Report certain non-GAAP financial measures and ratios, which it believes provide useful information
to both management and readers of this Report in measuring the financial performance and financial condition of the Company. These measures
do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by
other publicly traded companies, nor should they be construed as an alternative to other measures determined in accordance with GAAP. 

The
Company presents four non-GAAP financial measures: time charter equivalent TCE revenues, EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA and vessel operating contribution. TCE revenues represent shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure to
compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. EBITDA represents net income/(loss) from
continuing operations before interest expense and income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted EBITDA consists
of EBITDA adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Vessel
operating contribution represents TCE revenues less vessel expenses and charter hire expenses and is used as a measure to reflect
our niche markets, which provide a stable operating platform underlying our total US Flag operations. Our niche markets include
Delaware Bay lightering, MSP vessels and shuttle tankers. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes industry data and forecasts that we have prepared based, in part, on information obtained from industry
publications and surveys. Third-party industry publications, surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein
has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In addition, certain statements regarding our market position in this report
are based on information derived from the Company s market studies and research reports. Unless we state otherwise, statements
about the Company s relative competitive position in this report are based on our management s beliefs, internal studies
and management s knowledge of industry trends. 

GLOSSARY 

Unless
otherwise noted or indicated by the context, the following terms used in the Annual Report on Form 10-K have the following meanings: 

Articulated
Tug Barge or ATB A tug-barge combination system capable of operating on the high seas, coastwise and further inland. It combines
a normal barge, with a bow resembling that of a ship, but having a deep indent at the stern to accommodate the bow of a tug. The fit
is such that the resulting combination behaves almost like a single vessel at sea as well as while maneuvering. 

ii 

Ballast Any heavy material, including water, carried temporarily or permanently in a vessel to provide desired draft and stability. 

Bareboat
Charter A Charter under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel. The
customer pays all costs of operating the vessel, including voyage and vessel expenses. Bareboat charters are usually long term. 

b/d Barrels
per day. 

CERCLA The
U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. 

Charter Contract
entered into with a customer for the use of the vessel for a specific voyage at a specific rate per unit of cargo Voyage Charter ),
or for a specific period of time at a specific rate per unit (day or month) of time Time Charter ). 

CII Carbon Intensity Indicator, which is calculated as the ratio of the total mass of CO2 emitted from a vessel to the total transport
work undertaken in a given calendar year. 

Classification
Societies Organizations that establish and administer standards for the design, construction and operational maintenance of vessels.
As a practical matter, vessels cannot trade unless they meet these standards. 

Contracts
of Affreightment or COAs An agreement providing for the transportation between specified points for a specific quantity of cargo
over a specific time period but without designating specific vessels or voyage schedules, thereby allowing flexibility in scheduling
since no vessel designation is required. COAs can either have a fixed rate or a market-related rate. One example would be two shipments
of 70,000 tons per month for two years at the prevailing spot rate at the time of each loading. 

Crude
Oil Oil in its natural state that has not been refined or altered. 

Deadweight
tons or dwt The unit of measurement used to represent cargo carrying capacity of a vessel, but including the weight of consumables
such as fuel, lube oil, drinking water and stores. 

Demurrage Additional
revenue paid to the shipowner on its Voyage Charters for delays experienced in loading and/or unloading cargo that are not deemed to
be the responsibility of the shipowner, calculated in accordance with specific Charter terms. 

Double
Hull Hull construction design in which a vessel has an inner and an outer side and bottom separated by void space, usually two
meters in width. 

Drydocking An
out-of-service period during which planned repairs and maintenance are carried out, including all underwater maintenance such as external
hull painting. During the drydocking, certain mandatory Classification Society inspections are carried out and relevant certifications
issued. Normally, as the age of a vessel increases, the cost and frequency of drydockings increase. 

EEXI the Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index, which requires ship operators to assess their ships energy consumption and CO2 emissions
against specific requirements for energy efficiency for each vessel type. 

Exclusive
Economic Zone An area that extends up to 200 nautical miles beyond the territorial sea of a state s coastline (land at lowest
tide) over which the state has sovereign rights for the purpose of exploring, exploiting, conserving and managing natural resources. 

Handysize
Product Carrier A small size Product Carrier of approximately 29,000 to 50,000 deadweight tons. This type of vessel generally operates
on shorter routes (short haul). 

International
Maritime Organization or IMO An agency of the United Nations, which is the body that is responsible for the administration of internationally
developed maritime safety and pollution treaties, including MARPOL. 

International
Flag International law requires that every merchant vessel be registered in a country. International Flag refers to those vessels
that are registered under a flag other that of the United States. 

Jones
Act U.S. law that applies to port-to-port shipments within the continental U.S. and between the continental U.S. and Hawaii, Alaska,
Puerto Rico, and Guam, and restricts such shipments to U.S. Flag Vessels that are built in the United States and that are owned by a
U.S. company that is more than 75 owned and controlled by U.S. citizens, set forth in 46 U.S.C. sections 50501 and 55101. 

iii 

Jones
Act Fleet A fleet comprised of vessels that comply with the Jones Act regulations. 

Lightering The
process of off-loading crude oil or petroleum products from large size tankers, typically Very Large Crude Carriers, into smaller tankers
and/or barges for discharge in ports from which the larger tankers are restricted due to the depth of the water, narrow entrances or
small berths. 

MARAD The
Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation. 

Maritime
Security Program or MSP The U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available
to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. These vessels are required to trade outside the United States
but are eligible for government sponsored business. Under the MSP, participants receive an annual fee in exchange for a guarantee that
the vessels will be made available to the U.S. government in the event of war or national emergency. 

MARPOL International
Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978 relating thereto. This convention includes
regulations aimed at preventing and minimizing pollution from ships by accident and by routine operations. 

MR An
abbreviation for Medium Range. Certain types of vessel, such as a Product Carrier of approximately 45,000 to 53,000 deadweight tons,
generally operate on medium-range routes. 

MSP
vessels U.S. Flag vessels that participate in the Maritime Security Program. 

OPA
90 The U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990. 

OPEC Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is an international organization established to coordinate and unify the petroleum policies of
its members. 

P I
Insurance Protection and indemnity insurance is a form of marine insurance provided by a P I club. A P I club is a mutual
(i.e., a co-operative) insurance association that provides cover for its members, who will typically be ship-owners, ship-operators or
bareboat charterers. 

Product
Carrier General term that applies to any tanker that is used to transport refined oil products, such as gasoline, jet fuel or heating
oil. 

Recycling The
disposal of vessels by demolition for recycled metal. 

Safety
Management System or SMS A framework of processes and procedures that addresses a spectrum of operational risks associated with
quality, environment, health and safety. The SMS is certified by ISM (International Safety Management Code), ISO 9001 (Quality Management)
and ISO 14001 (Environmental Management). 

Shuttle
Tanker A tanker, usually with special fittings for mooring, which lifts oil from offshore fields and transports it to a shore storage
or refinery terminal on repeated trips. 

Special
Survey An extensive inspection of a vessel by Classification Society surveyors that must be completed once within every five-year
period. Special Surveys require a vessel to be drydocked. 

Tanker
Security Program or TSP The U.S. Tanker Security Program was enacted into law in 2021 and funded by Congress in 2022. The
program is expected to be activated in 2023 and MARAD has been accepting applications. The program is designed to ensure that
militarily useful U.S. Flag tank vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency.
The initial program calls for 10 tankers to participate. These vessels are required to meet national defense and other security
requirements and maintain a U.S. presence in international commercial shipping. Under the TSP, participants receive an annual
stipend designed to reduce vessel expenses to a level that will allow them to compete for international business. Program
participation requires that the ships are available to the U.S. government in the event of war or national emergency. 

Technical
Management The management of the operation of a vessel, including physically maintaining the vessel, maintaining necessary certifications,
and supplying necessary stores, spares, and lubricating oils. Responsibilities also generally include selecting, engaging and training
crew, and arranging necessary insurance coverage. 

Time
Charter A Charter under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel. Subject
to any restrictions in the Charter, the customer decides the type and quantity of cargo to be carried and the ports of loading and unloading.
The customer pays all voyage expenses such as fuel, canal tolls, and port charges. The shipowner pays all vessel expenses such as the
Technical Management expenses. 

Time
Charter Equivalent or TCE TCE is the abbreviation for Time Charter Equivalent. TCE revenues, which are voyage revenues less voyage
expenses, serve as an industry standard for measuring and managing fleet revenue and comparing results between geographical regions and
among competitors. 

U.S.
Flag Fleet Our Jones Act Fleet together with our MSP vessels. 

U.S.
Flag Vessel A vessel that must be crewed by U.S. sailors and owned and operated by a U.S. company. 

Vessel
Expenses Includes crew costs, vessel stores and supplies, lubricating oils, maintenance and repairs, insurance and communication
costs associated with the operations of vessels. 

Voyage
Charter A Charter under which a customer pays a transportation charge for the movement of a specific cargo between two or more
specified ports. The shipowner pays all voyage expenses, and all vessel expenses, unless the vessel to which the Charter relates has
been time chartered in. The customer is liable for Demurrage, if incurred. 

Voyage
Expenses Includes fuel, port charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions paid by the Company under
Voyage Charters. These expenses are subtracted from shipping revenues to calculate Time Charter Equivalent revenues for Voyage Charters. 

iv 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW
AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1969, and its wholly owned subsidiaries own and operate a fleet of oceangoing
vessels engaged in the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products in the U.S. Flag trade. At December 31, 2022, the Company owned
or operated a fleet of 21 vessels totaling an aggregate of approximately 1.5 million dwt. Additional information about the Company s
fleet, including its ownership profile, is set forth under Fleet Operations Fleet Summary, as well as on the Company s
website, www.osg.com. 

OSG
primarily charters its vessels to customers for voyages for specific periods of time at fixed daily amounts through time charters. The
Company also charters its vessels for specific voyages at spot rates. Spot market rates are highly volatile due to market forces, including local and worldwide demand for the commodities carried (such as crude
oil or petroleum products), volumes of trade, distances that the commodities must be transported, the amount of available tonnage both
at the time such tonnage is required and over the period of projected use, and the levels of seaborne and shore-based inventories of
crude oil and refined products. Time charter rates provide more predictable streams of TCE revenues because they are fixed for specific
periods of time. For a more detailed discussion on factors influencing spot and time charter markets, see Fleet Operations Commercial
Management below. 

The Russia/Ukraine conflict has resulted in
economic sanctions against Russia, including the banning
or limitation of oil imports from Russia by certain countries and self-sanctioning by many oil companies and traders. In
December 2022, the EU banned waterborne crude oil imports from Russia and the G 7 nations implemented a price cap limiting the
global price paid for Russian oil. Some countries have taken advantage of the current availability of Russian crude oil sold at a
discount to world prices. These circumstances have resulted in the redirection of oil (crude and refined product) trade flows, which
are apt to continue, reflecting the needs of countries that were large consumers of Russian oil to obtain other supply sources.
Although the United States was not a major importer of Russian oil, it is impacted by these global events. Crude and refined
products that were previously imported into the United States from non-Russian sources may not be available in prior quantities. Another
potential impact is more movement from domestic producing locations via pipeline and marine assets, which would increase
vessel demand. An increase in demand could result in higher utilization levels and potentially higher rates for Jones Act
vessels. 

Renewable diesel produces less carbon
dioxide and nitrogen oxide than conventional diesel. As it is chemically identical to regular diesel, it can be used on its own or blended
with conventional diesel. Production of renewable diesel increased in 2022 and is expected to grow significantly by 2025 as governments
implement policies to encourage further growth of this fuel, including California s Low Carbon Fuel Standard. The U.S. Gulf Coast
currently produces a significant proportion of U.S renewable diesel, and California has been a large consumer of renewable diesel. Marine
transportation provides the most cost-effective solution to move finished product to the West Coast. The length of the trip to California
creates a significant increase in ton mile demand, creating a large new market for Jones Act shipping. 

During
the COVID-19 pandemic we placed seven vessels in layup in order to allow us to reduce the operating costs associated with vessels that
were without charter. As demand returned, in the fall of 2021 we began to bring vessels out of layup and operate them in the spot market.
In January 2022 and late February 2022, two more vessels came out of layup. We continued to see an increase in demand during the first
half of 2022 and as a result, our last two vessels in layup returned to service in May 2022. During 2022, we started to see a resumption
of more typical customer behavior, with charterers entering into longer term time charter agreements. 

Strategy

The
key elements to our strategy to maximize stockholder value are to: 

Generate
 strong cash flows by capitalizing on our leading Jones
 Act market position and long-standing customer relationships; 
 
 Combine
 the predictability of fixed time charter and contract revenues with opportunistic trading
 in the spot market; 
 
 Actively
 manage the size and composition of our fleet to increase investment returns and available
 capital; 
 
 Emphasize
 the quality of our operations and adhere to the highest safety and environmental standards
 attainable; and 
 
 Seek opportunities to increase scale and drive cost efficiencies through a disciplined approach
 to investment in core and adjacent asset classes to maximize return on capital across market
 cycles. 

1 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

We
believe we are well-positioned now and over the long term to generate strong cash flows. We currently operate one of the largest
tanker fleets in the U.S. Flag market, with a strong presence in all major U.S. coastwise trades. Our market position allows us to
maintain long-standing relationships with many of the largest energy companies, which in some cases date back many decades. We
consider attaining stability of cash flow through medium-term charters and COAs to be a fundamental objective of our
chartering approach. This is especially observable in the niche businesses within which many of our assets operate. Recent years
have seen a marked increase in market volatility as the demand drivers for domestic transportation of crude oil and its refined
product have been impacted by market disruptions, increased export flows, the ascendency of trading desks in intermediating supply
chain logistics, and emerging trades for renewable fuels and their feedstocks. These changes have affected most directly our
conventional tankers, which witnessed depressed market conditions during much of 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic before
experiencing a rebound in demand in 2022. Considerations about the appropriate overall exposure to these more volatile markets and
the amount of that capacity to remain active in the spot market are regular management discussion points. Balancing time charter
coverage with spot market exposure in an environment of ever-changing demand signals presents a persistent challenge. Recent market
conditions have created favorable conditions for extending the breadth and duration of time charter coverage amongst our
conventional tankers. However, under other market conditions, a policy of entering into medium-term charters may not be
profitable or prove achievable. As such, during future periods of uncertainty, it is likely that more of our vessels will be
exposed to the more volatile and less predictable spot market with a corresponding impact on the amount of revenue our vessels may
earn. 

In
addition, the future of seaborne energy transportation
and the type, design and markets for vessels that will be engaged in this business are evolving in ways not yet well defined.
While this evolution may impose additional risks and uncertainties on OSG s existing business lines, the progressive transformation
away from a carbon fuels-based economy could present interesting new business niches for OSG to competitively apply its differentiated
set of skills. Participating in a broader spectrum of opportunities in the existing and emerging markets for energy and liquid bulk commodities
of all types will remain a focus of the Company as the solution set to these complex problems becomes clearer. 

We
believe that OSG has good standing in the community of our customers, our peers and our regulators, with a long- established reputation
for maintaining the highest standards in both protecting the environment and maintaining the health and safety of all of our employees.
Continued improvement in these areas is important not only to the constituents directly affected, but equally as important in sustaining
a key differentiating competitive factor amongst the customers we serve. 

We
actively manage the size and composition of our fleet through opportunistic acquisitions and dispositions of vessel assets as part
of our effort to achieve attractive returns on capital. We consider timely and selective acquisition of high-quality secondhand
vessels or new-build contracts when we believe those acquisitions will result in attractive returns on invested capital and
increased cash flow. We may also engage in dispositions or repurposing of our vessel assets where we can
achieve attractive values relative to their anticipated future earnings from operations. Taken together, we believe these activities will help us to maintain a diverse, high-quality and modern fleet of crude oil, refined
product, and potentially other U.S. Flag vessels with an enhanced return on invested capital. We believe our versatile
fleet, as well as our experience and our long-standing relationships with participants in the crude and refined product shipping
industry, position us to take advantage of attractive acquisition opportunities in any vessel class in the U.S. Flag
market. 

Customers 

OSG s
customers include major independent oil traders, refinery operators and U.S. and international government entities. The Company s
top two customers comprised 24.4 of shipping revenues during the year ended December 31,
2022. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements
set forth in Item 8 for further information regarding the Company s customers for 2022 and 2021. 

2 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

FLEET
OPERATIONS 

Fleet
Summary 

As
of December 31, 2022, OSG s operating fleet consisted of 21 vessels, 12 of which were owned, with the remaining vessels chartered-in.
Vessels chartered-in are on Bareboat Charters. 

Vessels Owned 
 Vessels Chartered-In 
 Total at December 31, 2022 
 
 Vessel Type 
 Number 
 Number 
 Total Vessels 
 Total dwt 
 
 Handysize Product Carriers (1) 
 5 
 8 
 13 
 619,854 
 
 Crude Oil Tankers (2) 
 3 
 1 
 4 
 772,194 
 
 Refined Product ATBs 
 2 
 
 2 
 54,182 
 
 Lightering ATBs 
 2 
 
 2 
 91,112 
 
 Total Operating Fleet 
 12 
 9 
 21 
 1,537,342 

(1) Includes
 two owned shuttle tankers, eight chartered-in tankers, and two non-Jones Act MR tankers that participate in the U.S. Maritime
 Security Program, all of which are U.S. flagged, as well as one owned Marshall Island flagged non-Jones Act MR tanker trading in
 international markets during 2022 and converted to U.S. Flag status in January 2023. 
 
 (2) Includes
 three crude oil tankers doing business in Alaska and one crude oil tanker bareboat chartered-in
 and in layup. 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company s one owned Marshall Island flagged non-Jones Act MR tanker, the Overseas Sun Coast , was officially
documented as a U.S. Flag vessel, joining the rest of the Company s U.S. Flag fleet. 

In
December 2022, the Company redelivered three conventional tankers leased from American Shipping Company. In addition, in
December 2022, the Company exercised its option to extend the
terms of six chartered-in vessels from December 2023 to December 2026. 

Commercial
Management 

Time-Charter
Market 

The
Company s operating fleet includes a number of vessels that operate on time charters. Within a contract period, time charters provide
a predictable level of revenues without the fluctuations inherent in spot-market rates. Once a time charter expires, however, the ability
to secure a new time charter may be uncertain and subject to market conditions. Time charters constituted 70 of the Company s
shipping revenues in 2022, 71 in 2021, and 75 of the Company s TCE revenues in 2022 and 73 in 2021. 

Spot
Market 

Voyage
charters and COAs constituted 30 of the Company s shipping revenues in 2022, 29 in 2021, and 25 of the Company s TCE revenues in 2022 and 27 in 2021. Accordingly, the Company s shipping revenues are affected by prevailing spot rates for voyage
charters in the markets in which the Company s vessels operate. Spot market rates are highly volatile due to market forces, including local and worldwide demand for the commodities carried (such as crude
oil or petroleum products), volumes of trade, distances that the commodities must be transported, the amount of available tonnage both
at the time such tonnage is required and over the period of projected use, and the levels of seaborne and shore-based inventories of
crude oil and refined products. 

Seasonal
trends affect oil consumption and consequently vessel demand. While trends in consumption vary with seasons, peaks in demand quite often
precede the seasonal consumption peaks as refiners and suppliers try to anticipate consumer demand. The timing of peaks in oil demand
vary within the markets in which we operate. Available tonnage is affected over time by the volume of newbuild deliveries, the number
of tankers used to store clean products and crude oil, and the removal (principally through recycling or conversion) of existing vessels
from service. Recycling is affected by the level of freight rates, recycling prices, vetting standards established by charterers and
terminals and by U.S. governmental regulations that establish maintenance standards. Voyage charters include COAs on three vessels. Changes
in the percentage contributions are therefore affected by Delaware Bay lightering volumes. In addition, as ships come off of their time
charters, they may be forced into short-term trades. 

3 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Business
Segment 

The
Company has one reportable business segment. At December 31, 2022, the Company s 19 active vessel U.S. Flag fleet consisted of
three crude oil tankers doing business in Alaska, two conventional ATBs, two lightering ATBs, three shuttle tankers, seven MR tankers,
and two non-Jones Act MR tankers that participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program. The Company also owned and operated one Marshall
Islands flagged MR tanker. On January 27, 2023, the Marshall Island f lagged
MR tanker was officially documented as a U.S. Flag vessel, joining the rest of the Company s U.S. Flag fleet. Under the Jones Act,
shipping between U.S. ports, including the movement of Alaskan crude oil to U.S. ports, is reserved for U.S. Flag vessels that satisfy
Jones Act requirements, including requirements that vessels be constructed in the United States and owned by companies that are more
than 75 owned and controlled by U.S. citizens. OSG is one of the largest commercial owners and operators of U.S. Flag vessels and participates
in U.S. government programs, including the following: 

M aritime
Security Program Two non-Jones Act U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which is designed
to ensure that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency.
Each participating vessel receives an annual stipend that is intended to offset
the increased cost incurred by such vessels from operating under the U.S. Flag. Such stipend was 5,300 on one vessel and 3,952 on one
vessel in 2022 and 5,250 for each vessel in 2021. 

Under
the terms of the program, the Company expects to receive up to 5,300 annually for each vessel during 2023. The Company does not receive
a stipend with respect to any days for which a vessel operates under a time charter to a U.S. government agency. 

The
U.S. Tanker Security Program was enacted into law in 2021 and funded by Congress in 2022. The program is expected to be activated in
2023 and MARAD has been accepting applications. The program is designed to ensure that militarily useful U.S. Flag tank vessels are
available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. The initial program calls for 10 tankers to
participate. Once the program is activated, the Company plans on transferring the two non-Jones Act U.S. Flag Product Carriers
participating in the MSP program to the TSP program, which will result in a greater stipend received for each vessel. 

OSG
has seven Handysize product carriers in our U.S. Flag fleet that are chartered-in and provide for the payment of profit share to the
owners of the vessels calculated in accordance with the respective charter-in agreements. Due to reserve funding requirements, no profits
have yet been paid to the owners or are, based on management s current forecast, expected to be paid to the owners in the current
calendar year. 

Technical
Management 

OSG s
fleet operations are managed in-house. In addition to regular maintenance and repair, crews onboard each vessel and shore side personnel
must ensure that the Company s fleet meets or exceeds regulatory standards established by the IMO and USCG. 

The
Company recruits, hires and trains the crews on its U.S. Flag vessels. The Company believes that its mandatory training and education
requirements exceed the requirements of the USCG and that its ability to provide professional development for qualified
U.S. Flag crew is necessary in a market where skilled labor shortages are expected to remain a challenge. The U.S. Flag fleet is supported
by shore side staff that includes fleet managers, marine and technical superintendents, purchasing and marine insurance staff, crewing
and training personnel and health, safety, quality and environmental SQE personnel. 

Safety 

The
Company is committed to providing safe, reliable and environmentally sound transportation to its customers. Integral to meeting standards
mandated by regulators and customers is the use of robust SMS by the Company. The SMS is a framework of processes and procedures that
addresses a spectrum of operational risks associated with quality, environment, health and safety. The SMS is certified to the International
Safety Management Code ISM Code promulgated by the IMO. To support a culture of compliance and transparency, OSG has
an open reporting system on all of its vessels, whereby seafarers can anonymously report possible violations of OSG s policies
and procedures. All open reports are investigated, and appropriate actions are taken when necessary. 

4 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

HUMAN
CAPITAL 

Our
employees are critical to meeting our commitments. Accordingly, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain experienced
and qualified employees. We emphasize ethical behavior, respect, and equal opportunity by creating a culture of trust, accountability
and empowerment. We also promote a shared sense of responsibility among OSG s mariners and the shore-based support team in meeting the essential
need to supply transportation fuels to the markets that we serve. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 1,023 employees comprised of 945 seafarers and 78 shore side staff. The Company has
collective bargaining agreements with three different U.S. maritime unions which, as of December 31, 2022, covered 769 of the seafarers
employed on the Company s vessels. These agreements are in effect for periods ending between March 2024 and June 2027. Under the
collective bargaining agreements, the Company is obligated to make contributions to pension and other welfare programs. 

Compensation
and Benefits Program. Our compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary
to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our shareholders.
We provide employees with competitive compensation packages that include base salary as well as employees benefits such as life and health
(medical, dental and vision) insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave, and certain postretirement benefits. 

Training
and Education. Our seafarers are highly trained, with many officers having both USCG licenses as well as business or engineering
degrees. Regardless of position, specialized training to work in the industry based on USCG requirements, as well as vessel-specific
training within our fleet, is a necessity. Years of experience are required in order to move into higher levels of authority on our vessels.
Our training and education programs are designed to address applicable regulations as well as the specific hazards and work environments
of each of our vessels. 

Health
and Safety. The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed
to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant operating environment
changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, as required by government regulations. These included providing personal protective equipment, minimizing crew changes, managing the locations where
crew members board and depart from our vessels, certifications by crew members to disclose symptoms and the health of those they have
been in contact with, sanitization of the vessels, mandating face coverings, social distancing and temperature checks, and requiring
testing and quarantining in certain instances. Protocols were developed with the coordination and assistance of the unions in order to
provide consistency within the industry. 

Having
a well-maintained fleet is also critical to create an environment where our crew can work safely. Our fleets undergo regular and frequent
surveys by classification societies and regulatory bodies as well as vettings by our customers on an ongoing basis. Issues identified
are swiftly addressed. Our seafarers are encouraged to provide transparent reporting of issues in order to remedy conditions as soon
as they are observed. We regularly conduct safety reviews to ensure compliance with applicable regulations and all policies and procedures. 

COMPETITION 

OSG s
primary competitors are operators of U.S. Flag oceangoing barges and tankers, operators of rail transportation for crude oil, and
operators of refined product pipelines systems that transport refined petroleum products directly from U.S. refineries to domestic
markets. In addition, indirect competition comes from International Flag vessels transporting imported refined
petroleum products. 

CYBER
SECURITY 

OSG
has both on-shore and ship-board systems that are highly dependent on information technology systems. Loss, disruption, or compromise
of these systems could significantly impact operations and results. 

5 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Our
information technology controls are subject to audit by internal and external auditors, as well as the American Bureau of Shipping.
OSG at least annually advises its Board of Directors on information security matters and provides user training and monitoring of
system access as part of our compliance program. We have not experienced any material cyber security violation or occurrence over
the last three years. 

While
we continue to invest time, effort and financial resources to secure our systems, networks and communications, our security measures
cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all cyber security attacks. There can be
no assurance that any breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results. See Item 1A, Risk
Factors-Interruption, failure or breach of OSG s information technology and communications systems could impair its ability to
operate and adversely affect its business. 

ENVIRONMENTAL,
SAFETY AND SECURITY MATTERS 

OSG s vessels operate in a highly regulated environment, subject to international
conventions and international, national, state and local laws and regulations in force in the countries such vessels call upon.
OSG s vessels are registered in the United States and are subject to the jurisdictional and regulatory oversight of the USCG
(under various protocols and agreements covering certain statutory survey and certification functions). OSG is also subject
to compliance with several other U.S. government agency regulations, including the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), the MARAD, and the United States Customs and Border Protection Agency. OSG vessels are classed with the
American Bureau of Shipping ABS and are subject to the requirements of the Classification Society. 

Industry-related
incidents have historically heightened the level of environmental, health, safety and security awareness among various stakeholders,
including insurance underwriters, regulators, and charterers, leading to increased regulatory requirements and more stringent
inspection regimes on all vessels. In recognition of this heightened awareness, OSG has set appropriate internal controls intended
to monitor regulatory developments and maintains operating standards designed to meet the higher expectations of our stakeholders. We
have in place operational safety and quality, environmental stewardship, preventive planned maintenance, continuous training of our
officers and crews, and compliance with international and United States regulations, including regular and rigorous in-house
inspections and audits. In addition, a variety of governmental and private entities subject OSG s vessels to both scheduled
and unscheduled inspections, including the USCG, local port state control authorities, flag states, coastal states, Classification
Societies, major oil companies and petroleum terminal operators. 

OSG
believes that the operation of its vessels complies with applicable environmental laws and regulations, which are summarized below, and has adopted plans, programs, and procedures in accordance with such laws and regulations. However, because such laws and
regulations are changed frequently, and new laws and regulations impose new or increasingly stringent requirements, OSG cannot predict
the cost of complying with requirements beyond those that are currently in force. The impact of future regulatory requirements on operations
or the resale value or useful lives of its vessels may result in substantial additional costs in meeting new legal and regulatory requirements. 

6 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Regulations
Preventing Pollution of Seas by Oil 

The
International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships MARPOL Annex I addresses requirements for the prevention
of pollution by oil and oily materials generated in the engine room and from the cleaning of cargo tanks, while MARPOL Annex II addresses
requirements for the prevention of pollution by noxious liquid substances NLSs ). 

The
United States regulates the shipping industry with an extensive regulatory and liability regime for environmental protection,
consisting primarily of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA 90 and the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ). OPA 90 requires Vessel Response Plans VRPs ), including marine
salvage and firefighting plans, for reporting and responding to vessel emergencies and oil spill scenarios up to a worst-case
scenario, as well as advance contracting, planning, and training to ensure that necessary private response resources are in place to
immediately respond to a worst-case discharge or vessel emergency. 

Under IMO
regulations , OSG has adopted Shipboard Oil Pollution Emergency Plans SOPEPs ), including periodic training and drills
for response personnel and for vessels and their crews and Shipboard Marine Pollution Emergency Plans SMPEPs ), which
cover potential releases not only of oil but of any NLSs. 

US
Liability Standards and Limits 

Under
OPA 90, vessel owners, operators and bareboat or demise charterers are responsible parties who are liable, without regard to fault,
for all containment and clean-up costs and other damages, including property and natural resource damages and economic loss without
physical damage to property, arising from oil spills and pollution from their vessels. Additionally, the statute specifically
permits individual states to impose their own liability regimes for oil pollution incidents occurring within their boundaries.
CERCLA contains a similar liability regime and provides for cleanup, removal, and natural resource damages associated with discharges
of hazardous substances other than oil. 

OPA
90 requires owners and operators of vessels to establish and maintain with the USCG evidence of financial responsibility sufficient
to meet the limit of their potential strict liability consistent with the limits of liability set forth in the statutes. OSG
has provided the requisite proofs of financial security and has received Certificates of Financial Responsibility from the USCG. OSG
carries various forms of marine insurance for each of its vessels, including pollution liability insurance in the amount of 1.0 billion.
However, a catastrophic spill could exceed the insurance coverage available, in which event there could be a material adverse effect
on OSG s business. 

International
Liability Standards and Limits 

Compensation
for oil pollution damage caused by spills from oil tankers is governed by an international regime referred to as the International
Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage. Under these conventions, a vessel s registered owner is strictly
liable for pollution damage caused in the territorial waters of a contracting state by discharge of persistent oil, subject to
certain defenses. These conventions also limit the liability of the shipowner under certain circumstances, except
where the pollution damage results from its personal act or omission, is committed with the intent to cause such damage, or
recklessly and with knowledge that such damage would probably result. OSG believes that its protection and indemnity insurance will
cover any liability under the plan adopted by the IMO. 

7 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

The
International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage, 2001 is a separate convention adopted to ensure that adequate,
prompt and effective compensation is available to persons who suffer damage caused by spills of oil when used as fuel by vessels. The
convention applies to damage caused to the territory, including the territorial sea, and in its exclusive economic zones, of states that
are party to it. 

Regulations
Preventing Pollution of Seas by Sewage or Garbage 

MARPOL
Annex IV, as well as U.S. regulations, regulate the discharge of sewage to sea. Sewage discharge is also
subject to national and local regulations that set forth further restrictions, in some cases prohibiting the discharge of treated
sewage and the establishment of No Discharge Zones NDZs ). OSG vessels are all equipped with Marine Sanitation Devices
compliant with regulatory requirements for each type of vessel. 

MARPOL
Annex V, as well as U.S. regulations, regulates the prevention of pollution to sea by garbage
and e-waste. 

Regulations
Preventing Air Pollution 

MARPOL
Annex VI Annex VI addresses air pollution from vessels, sets limits on sulfur oxide SOx and nitrogen
oxide NOx emissions from ship exhausts, prohibits deliberate emissions of ozone depleting substances ODS and regulates shipboard incineration and the emission of volatile organic compounds VOCs from
tankers. The global sulfur cap for ship operations was reduced in 2020 from 3.5 m/m to 0.5 m/m. 

Vessels are subject to further air
emission controls within Emission Control Areas ECAs ), and Sulfur Emission Control Areas SECAs ). Fuel used by vessels operating in or transiting through the ECA or SECA cannot exceed 0.1 m/m sulfur, with more
stringent NOx emission Tier III emission limits applicable to engines installed on ships constructed after January 1, 2016. As these emission
limits continue to evolve, compliance could impact fuel costs. 

OSG
operates one tanker equipped with an open-loop exhaust gas cleaning system EGCS designed to burn high-sulfur (3.5 maximum)
bunker fuel to comply with the 0.5 sulfur limit. OSG has implemented all regulatory requirements associated with the use of EGCS, including
switching over to 0.1 m/m sulfur fuel in ports that do not allow overboard discharge from open loop EGCS. 

8 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Annex
VI includes energy efficiency standards for certain new ships through the designation of an Energy Efficiency Design Index EEDI ).
The EEDI standards phase in through 2025 and are anticipated to result in significant reductions in fuel consumption as well as
air and marine pollution. OSG s fleet, as of December 31, 2022, includes one vessel under which the
EEDI standards apply. 

The
EPA has implemented rules comparable to those of Annex VI to increase the control of air pollutant emissions from certain large
marine engines by requiring certain new marine-diesel engines installed on U.S. built ships to meet lower NOx standards. EPA Tier 2
standards generally reduced NOx emissions by 27 and introduced a particulate matter PM limit. EPA Tier 3 standards represent a 50 reduction in PM and a 20 reduction in NOx over Tier 2 levels. EPA Tier 4 standards represent a
90 reduction in PM and 80 reduction in NOx compared to Tier 2 levels and generally require advanced technology such as selective
catalytic reduction or exhaust gas recirculation. Adoption of these and emerging standards may require substantial modifications to
some of OSG s existing marine diesel engines and may require OSG to incur substantial capital expenditures if the engines are
replaced. 

The
U.S. Clean Air Act CAA requires the EPA to promulgate standards applicable to emissions of volatile organic
compounds and other air contaminants and requires states to draft State Implementation Plans SIPs designed to attain
national health-based air quality standards in major metropolitan and industrial areas. Several SIPs regulate emissions resulting
from tank vessel loading and degassing operations by requiring the installation of vapor control equipment. OSG s vessels are
subject to vapor control and recovery requirements for certain cargoes when loading, unloading, ballasting, cleaning and conducting
other operations in regulated port areas. All OSG s vessels are equipped with vapor control systems that satisfy these
requirements. Although a risk exists that new regulations could require significant capital expenditures and otherwise increase its
costs, OSG believes, based upon the regulations that have been proposed to date, no material capital expenditures beyond those
currently contemplated and no material increase in costs are likely to be required as a result of the SIPs program. 

The
Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environment Control DNREC monitors OSG s U.S. Flag lightering activities
within the Delaware River through Title V of the Coastal Zone Act of 1972. OSG is the only
marine operator with a Title V permit to engage in lightering operations. The regulations are designed to reduce the number of VOCs entering the atmosphere during
a crude oil lightering operation through the use of vapor balancing. OSG s Delaware Lightering fleet is 100 vapor balance capable. 

International efforts to reduce air pollution 

For decades, countries have sought to establish international cooperation to combat
climate change and focus on implementing programs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases GHGs ), which contribute to
global warming, such as the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, Kyoto Protocol , the Paris Agreement, and more
recently the Conference of Parties (COP27). The IMO has committed to developing limits on GHGs from
international shipping and has implemented mandatory technical and operational measures to achieve these limits. Regional mandates in certain ports and territorial waters within the European Union EU seek to reduce
SOx emissions by limiting sulfur content in fuel oils used by vessels. 

The
European Commission is developing options for the inclusion of international maritime transport in the GHG reduction commitment of
the EU. The EU Monitoring, Reporting, Verification Regulation MRV creates an EU-wide framework for the monitoring,
reporting and verification of carbon dioxide emissions from maritime transport and to collect and later publish verified annual data
on carbon dioxide emissions. The United Kingdom UK implemented its own MRV, which requires the monitoring of
UK-related voyages. OSG submits annual emissions reports for vessels subject to these MRV schemes. 

9 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Commencing
January 1, 2024, the EU expects to implement an Emissions Trading Scheme ETS whereby vessels calling upon the EU will be required to surrender allowances each year for a portion of their CO2 emissions,
including methane and nitrogen oxides, from incoming and outgoing global EU voyages, from ships performing voyages between EU ports of call, and at berth
in an EU port, based on the following schedule: 

40 
 of verified emissions in 2024, 
 
 70 
 of verified emissions in 2025, and 
 
 100 
 of verified emissions in 2026. 

The
EU is expected to further implement anti-evasion measures, which will include certain stops at non EU ports within 300 nautical miles of the EU s territory. A certain amount of the revenue from the EU s auctions, which is how companies receive emission allowances, is to be allocated
to the maritime sector to support innovation in low-carbon technologies and contribute to zero pollution objectives. OSG believes that this could have a material impact on voyages to and from the EU and plans to work with
Charterers to offset associated impacts. 

MARPOL
Annex VI, which entered into force on November 22, 2022, introduced a new Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index EEXI and a Carbon Intensity Indicator CII to be used for grading a ship s CO2 emissions performance. Verification
that a ship s attained EEXI meets the minimum requirement will occur at the first survey for the IAPP Certificate that occurs
after January 1, 2023. Each ship s CII must then be calculated annually using IMO DCS data beginning in 2024 (based on 2023
data) and then assigned a letter grade (A, B, C, D, or E). A CII grade of C or better indicates the ship remains on
target to improve CO2 emissions. Ships graded a D or E are required to improve. As currently
drafted, operators of a vessel with a D rating are required to take action to regain a rating of C or
better within a three-year time window. The remediation period for an E rated vessel is set at one year. If ratings
are not restored to a C or better during the remediation period, there is the possibility of enforcement up to and
including retirement of the vessel. OSG is actively seeking means to implement measures to reduce CO2 emissions
and to remain compliant with the CII requirements as currently drafted. The methodology for measurement of CII and the introduction
of correction factors to compensate for certain types of vessel operations are subject to review and potential modification during
the three-year period commencing January 1, 2023. OSG s ATBs are not covered under the CII regulations as currently conceived. 

OSG
believes that its vessels are compliant with the current requirements of Annex VI and the EPA. Additionally, OSG believes for its
vessels that operate in the EU and the UK, they are compliant with the applicable regional mandates. Future passage of climate
control legislation or other regulatory initiatives by the IMO, EU, UK, United States or other countries where OSG operates that
restrict emissions of GHGs could require significant additional capital or operating expenditures and could have operational impacts
on OSG s business. Although OSG cannot predict such expenditures and impacts with certainty at this time, they may be material
to OSG s results of operations. 

Ballast
Water Pollution Regulations 

OSG s
vessels are subject to international, national and local ballast water management regulations that seek to address concerns for the
release of organisms and pathogens that have been identified as being potentially harmful as a result of the carrying of
ships ballast water from one place to another. At the international level, the International Convention for the Control and
Management of Ships Ballast Water and Sediments BWM Convention defines a discharge standard consisting of
maximum allowable levels of critical invasive species designed to protect the marine environment from the introduction of non-native
(alien) species. OSG is meeting this standard by installing treatment systems that render the invasive species non-viable
and, where required, having on board a valid International Ballast Water Management Certificate, a Ballast Water Management Plan and
a Ballast Water Record Book. 

The
United States is not a signatory to the BWM Convention, and is not expected to be in the future, since it currently regulates ballast
water management under two federal, partially overlapping regulatory schemes. One is administered by the USCG under the National Aquatic
Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990, as amended by the National Invasive Species Act of 1996, and the other is administered by
the EPA under the U.S. Clean Water Act CWA ). Several U.S. states also have their own supplemental requirements. The American
Bureau of Shipping has been authorized to issue a Statement of Voluntary Compliance SOVC to any U.S. Flag vessel that
has an approved Ballast Water Management Plan that contains the information required by the BWM Convention. 

10 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

The
discharge of ballast water is subject to CWA permitting requirements (Vessel General Permit or VGP in accordance with
the EPA s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NPDES ). The VGP establishes ballast
water discharge limits that generally align with the performance standards implemented under the USCG s rules and the
IMO Convention. It also sets more stringent effluent limits for oil to sea interfaces and exhaust gas scrubber
wastewater. 

The
 Vessel Incidental Discharge Act VIDA restructures the way EPA and the USCG are to regulate incidental
discharges in the future, and is expected to phase out provisions of the VGP and existing USCG regulations replacing them with
EPA-developed standards and USCG regulations. The EPA recently announced that it intends to provide clarification on the proposed
rule later in 2023. Depending on the contents of the final rule, new VIDA requirements could require additional capital or operating
expenditures and could have operational impacts on OSG s business. 

OSG
complies with these regulations and anticipates that compliance
with the various conventions, laws and regulations relating to ballast water management that may be
adopted in the future will require substantial additional capital or operating expenditures and could have operational impacts on OSG s
business. 

Safety
of Life at Sea 

The
International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea SOLAS addresses the safety of merchant ships. Amendments to the
SOLAS conventions come into force yearly and flag states are responsible for ensuring that ships under their flag comply with its requirements. 

 Under
the ISM Code, vessel operators are required to develop a safety management system that includes, among other
things, the adoption of a safety and environmental protection policy describing how the objectives of a functional safety management
system will be met. OSG has a safety management system for each of its operating subsidiaries, with instructions and procedures for the
safe operation of its vessels, reporting accidents and non-conformities, internal audits and management reviews and responding to emergencies,
as well as, defined levels of responsibility. The ISM Code requires OSG to have a Document of Compliance DoC for the
vessels it operates and a Safety Management Certificate SMC for each vessel it operates, including an annual internal audit and an external verification audit twice in
a five-year period. 

11 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

OSG
maintains a DoC, which was reissued for five years on September 17, 2022. ATC maintains
a DoC, which was reissued for five years on July 11, 2019. OSG is also certified to the
SQE requirements of the ABS Guide for Marine Health, Safety, Quality, Environmental and Energy Management, which includes meeting the
requirements of the International Standards of Organization in ISO9001:2015 (Quality Management) and ISO14001:2015 (Environmental Management)
for the management of operation of oil tankers, chemical tankers, and other cargo ships. 

Security
Regulations and Practices 

The
U.S. Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 (the MTSA requires the implementation of certain security requirements aboard
vessels operating in waters subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. SOLAS imposes various detailed security obligations on
vessels and port authorities, most of which are contained in the International Ship and Port Facilities Security Code (the ISPS
Code ), which requires the development of vessel security plans and compliance with flag state security
certification requirements. To trade internationally, a vessel must attain an International Ship Security Certificate ISSC from a recognized security organization approved by the vessel s flag state. All of OSG s vessels have developed and implemented
vessel security plans that have been approved by the USCG, have obtained an ISSC and comply with applicable security requirements. 

OSG
monitors the waters in which its vessels operate for pirate activity. Company vessels that may transit high risk areas HRAs follow best management practices for reducing risk and preventing pirate attacks compliant with protocols established by the naval coalition
protective forces operating in such areas. 

The
maritime community addresses the vulnerability of ship operations to cyber security threats, both at sea and while in port. Exposure
to these threats has become pervasive due to the increasing reliance on information and operating technology systems used in the
management of ship operations. Regulatory requirements, voluntary and best practice guidance are continuing to evolve for maritime
cyber security practices. The USCG and
IMO seek to ensure that cyber risks are appropriately addressed in safety management
systems. Verification of safety management
compliance is conducted annually. 

Security
breaches and viruses could expose OSG to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent security
breaches (including the inability of our third-party vendors to prevent security breaches) could also cause existing clients to lose
confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation, cause losses to us or our clients, damage our brand and
increase our costs. OSG has completed a fleetwide upgrade of its Information Technology IT systems to
further protect its infrastructure against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses and has also implemented a variety
of required cyber security protocols to appropriately protect its operating systems. While we continue to invest time, effort and financial resources to secure our systems, networks and communications,
our security measures cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all cyber security attacks.
There can be no assurance that any breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results. 

INSPECTION
BY CLASSIFICATION SOCIETIES 

Every
oceangoing vessel must be classed by a Classification Society. The Classification Society certifies that the vessel is
 in class, signifying that the vessel has been built and maintained in accordance with the rules of the Classification Society
and complies with applicable rules and regulations of the vessel s country of registry and the international conventions of which
that country is a member. In addition, where surveys are required by international conventions and corresponding laws and ordinances
of a flag state, the Classification Society will undertake them on application or by official order, acting on behalf of the authorities
concerned. The Classification Society also undertakes, on request, other surveys and checks that are required by regulations and requirements
of the flag state. These surveys are subject to agreements made in each individual case and/or to the regulations of the country concerned. 

Regular
and extraordinary surveys of hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and any special equipment classed are required to be performed
for a vessel to maintain its class certification. For seagoing ships, annual surveys are conducted for the hull and the machinery, including
the electrical plant and, where applicable, for special equipment classed, at intervals of 12 months from the date of commencement of the
class period indicated in the certificate. Intermediate surveys are typically conducted two and one-half years after commissioning and
upon each class renewal. Intermediate surveys may be carried out on the second or third annual survey. 

12 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Vessels
are required to dry dock for inspection of the underwater hull at each intermediate survey and at each class renewal survey. For vessels
less than 15 years old, Classification Societies permit in-water inspections by divers in lieu of dry docking for intermediate surveys,
subject to other requirements of such Classification Societies. Class renewal surveys, known as special surveys, are carried out for
the ship s hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and for any special equipment classed, at the intervals indicated by
the character of classification for the hull. For vessels greater than 15 years old, out of water drydocking is to take place twice in
a five-year period. 

In a special survey, the vessel is thoroughly examined, including audio-gauging to determine the thickness of the steel structures. Should
the thickness be found to be below class requirements, the Classification Society would prescribe steel renewals. Substantial amounts
of money may have to be spent for steel renewals to pass a special survey if the vessel experiences excessive wear and tear. In lieu
of the special survey every four or five years, depending on whether a grace period was granted, a shipowner has the option of arranging
with the Classification Society for the vessel s hull or machinery to be on a continuous survey cycle, in which every part of the
vessel would be surveyed within a five-year cycle. Upon a shipowner s request, the surveys required for class renewal may be split
according to an agreed schedule to extend over the entire period of class survey period. This process is referred to as continuous class
renewal. 

If
defects are found during any survey, the Classification Society surveyor will issue a finding or a recommendation 
which must be rectified by the vessel owner within prescribed time limits. 

Most
insurance underwriters make it a condition for insurance coverage that a vessel be certified as in class by a Classification
Society that is a member of the International Association of Classification Societies IACS ). All OSG s vessels are currently, and OSG expects will be, certified as being in class by the ABS, a
major Classification Society. 

INSURANCE

Consistent
with the prevailing practice in the industry, OSG presently carries protection and indemnity P I insurance coverage
for pollution of 1.0 billion per occurrence on every vessel in its fleet, as well as for other perils faced by vessel owners and operators
in varying limits. Currently, the fleet is entered through membership in three different mutual protection and indemnity associations P I Associations ), all of whom are members of the International Group of P I clubs. The P I Associations that
comprise the International Group insure approximately 90 of the world s commercial tonnage and have entered into a pooling agreement
to reinsure each other s liabilities within certain limits. Each P I Association has capped its exposure to each of its members
at approximately 7.5 billion through reinsurance arrangements. As a member of a P I Association that is a member of the International
Group, OSG is subject to calls payable to the P I Associations based on its claim record as well as the claim records of all other
members of the individual P I Associations of which it is a member, and the members of the pool of P I Associations comprising
the International Group. Each of OSG s vessels is insured by one of three P I Associations. While OSG has historically been able to obtain pollution coverage at commercially
reasonable rates, no definitive assurances can be given that such insurance will continue to be available in the future. 

OSG
also carries marine hull and machinery and war risks (including piracy) insurance, which includes the risk of actual or constructive
total loss, for all of its owned and operated vessels except for one where the risk is borne by the vessel s owner as noted under
the contract. OSG is self-insured for hull and machinery claims in amounts in excess of the individual vessel deductibles. 

13 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

TAXATION
OF THE COMPANY 

The
following U.S. tax law applicable to the Company is based on the provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, existing
and U.S. Treasury Department regulations, administrative rulings, pronouncements and judicial decisions, all as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. No assurance can be given that changes in or interpretation of existing laws will not occur or will not be retroactive
or that anticipated future circumstances will in fact occur. 

Tonnage
Tax 

OSG
made an election to have the foreign operations of OSG s U.S. Flag vessels taxed under a tonnage tax regime rather
than the usual U.S. corporate income tax regime. As a result, OSG s gross income for U.S. income tax purposes with respect to eligible
U.S. Flag vessels does not include (1) income from qualifying shipping activities in U.S. foreign trade (i.e., transportation between
the United States and foreign ports or between foreign ports), (2) income from cash, bank deposits and other temporary investments that
are reasonably necessary to meet the working capital requirements of qualifying shipping activities, and (3) income from cash or other
intangible assets accumulated pursuant to a plan to purchase qualifying shipping assets. OSG s taxable income with respect to the
operations of its eligible U.S. Flag vessels, of which there are two, is based on a daily notional taxable income, which
is taxed at the highest U.S. corporate income tax rate. The daily notional taxable income from the operation of a qualifying vessel is
40 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel up to 25,000 net tons, and 20 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel
in excess of 25,000 net tons. The taxable income of each qualifying vessel is the product of its daily notional taxable income and the
number of days during the taxable year that the vessel operates in U.S. foreign trade. 

During
2022, OSG s Marshall Islands flagged vessel, which traded in the international markets, did not qualify for the U.S. income tax
exclusion described in the above paragraph. Therefore, the operations of the vessel were subject to U.S. taxation and included in the
calculation of taxable income. In addition, the Marshall Islands flagged vessel was taxed under the daily notional taxable income 
under the Marshall Islands tonnage tax regime. The daily notional taxable income from the operation of the vessel were 500 for 2,500
net tonnage or less, 20 cents per net tonnage between 2,501 to 5,000 net tonnage, 17 cents per net tonnage between 5,001 to 25,000 net
tonnage, 15 cents per net tonnage between 25,001 to 50,000 net tonnage and 12.5 cents per net tonnage over 50,000 net tonnage. The tonnage
tax of the vessel was the product of its daily notional taxable income and the percentage of days during the taxable year the vessel
operated in U.S. foreign trade. 

14 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business, including our operating results and financial condition, are subject to a wide variety of risks, including risks not currently
known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial but that could materially and adversely affect our business. In assessing these
risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in our filings with the SEC, including our financial statements and related
notes. 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

Inability
to attract or retain qualified mariners may adversely affect the Company s business. 

Our
vessels must be manned by highly qualified mariners that meet the standards of experience set by our customers. Volatility in demand
has an effect on the availability of qualified mariners. Increasing demand for maritime transportation in all markets has recently
spiked, resulting in competition from other shipping sectors, such as container shipping, which potentially limits the number of
mariners available to OSG. If we are unable to attract or retain qualified mariners, we may not be able to provide the services
contracted for, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
Company s significant operating leases were reduced and the remaining operating leases could be replaced on less favorable terms. 

The
Company s current fleet includes seven vessels that have been chartered-in under operating leases. T hese 
leases expire at various points in the future, and the Company may not be able to replace these at all or on as favorable terms. These
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future financial position, profitability, and results of
operations and cash flow. 

Operating
costs and capital expenses will increase as the Company s vessels comply with regulatory changes, or as the vessels age, or due
to unexpected drydocks. 

Changes
in governmental regulations and compliance with Classification Society standards may restrict the type of activities in which the vessels
may engage and/or may require OSG to make additional expenditures for new equipment. In general, capital expenditures, cargo insurance
rates and other costs necessary for maintaining a vessel in good operating condition increase as the age of the vessel increases. Vessels
must be drydocked periodically for inspection and maintenance, and in the event of accidents or other unforeseen damage. The cost of
repairs and renewals required at each drydock are difficult to predict with certainty but can be substantial, and the Company s
insurance may not cover these costs. Vessels in drydock will generally not generate any income. In addition, the time when a vessel is
out of service for maintenance is determined by a number of factors including regulatory deadlines, market conditions, shipyard availability
and customer requirements. 

As
a result of these factors, OSG may be required to incur substantial costs or take its vessels out of service. Market conditions may not
justify such expenditures or permit OSG to operate its vessels profitably even if those vessels remain operational. These cost increases,
delays, expenses and off-hire time could have a material adverse effect on OSG s business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

Changes
in demand in specialized markets in which the Company currently operates or changes in governmental support may lead the Company to redeploy
certain vessels to other markets or put its ability to participate in specialized markets at risk. 

The
Company has two vessels participating in the MSP that derive a substantial percentage
of their revenues from transporting cargoes reserved for U.S. Flag vessels under MARAD s cargo preference program,
which requires shippers to give U.S.-flag vessels a preference to
transport any government-impelled ocean-borne cargoes. Among the currently available government impelled cargoes is a contract
the Company has with the Government of Israel GOI to deliver fuel through December 31, 2023, which the GOI funds
with grants from the U.S. government. The Company also seeks other government impelled cargoes to supplement the GOI business;
however, there is no assurance the Company will be able to secure such cargoes. If OSG is unable to retain the GOI business or is
unable to obtain significant other charters for these vessels, the Company may no longer be able to participate in the
MSP. 

15 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

The
Company operates three Jones Act MR Shuttle Tankers, two of which are currently operating as shuttle tankers serving offshore oil installations
in the Gulf of Mexico. Modifications made to enable these tankers to perform the specialized service of a shuttle tanker required the
Company to incur substantial capital costs, which in turn allow the Company to earn a premium to market rates earned by conventional
Jones Act tankers. The customers with wells and fields in the Gulf of Mexico have high cash production costs and, as such, are vulnerable
to production cuts or shut down in response to persistently low oil prices. While shuttle tankers can serve as conventional tankers without
further modification, future reduction in the demand for specialized shuttle tanker services could limit the Company s ability
to earn such premiums. 

The
Company conducts lightering operations in the Delaware Bay with one ATB built for these operations. If there is lower demand for this
vessel in the Delaware Bay lightering market, the Company might have to redeploy this ATB in other markets in which it may not be able
to compete profitably and/or may require substantial modification. 

If
OSG is no longer able to participate in any of these niche businesses, the Company s business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

Changes
in demand have affected Time Charter commitments. OSG may not be able to renew Time Charters when they expire or enter into new Time
Charters and vessels may be placed in layup. 

OSG s
ability to obtain new charters or renew expiring contracts will depend on the prevailing market conditions. Renewals or new
contracts may be at less favorable rates or for shorter durations. There may be a gap in employment between charters or the vessel
may only be able to be employed on the spot market, both of which would affect utilization rates and result in increased costs to
the Company. When there is no demand for a vessel, there is also a risk of the necessity to layup the vessel, as was demonstrated
during the course of 2021. These occurrences would adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

The
Company has significant indebtedness, may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness, and could
breach covenants in its credit facilities and term loans which could affect our ability to finance operations, pursue desirable business
opportunities and successfully run the business in the future, all of which could affect OSG s ability to fulfill its obligations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, OSG had 423.4 million of outstanding indebtedness. This substantial indebtedness and interest expense could have
important consequences, including (i) limiting OSG s ability to use cash flow from operations in other areas of its business, such
as for working capital, because a substantial portion of these funds are dedicated to service its debt; (ii) requiring the Company to
seek to incur additional indebtedness in order to make planned capital expenditures and other expenses or investments; (iii) limiting
OSG s ability to obtain additional financing; (iv) limiting the Company s flexibility and ability to capitalize on business
opportunities or to react to competitive pressures and adverse changes in government regulation, and OSG s business and industry;
(v) increasing OSG s vulnerability to a downturn and to adverse economic and industry conditions generally; and (vi) limiting the
Company s ability to enter into hedging transactions by reducing the number of counterparties with whom OSG can enter into such
transactions as well as the volume of those transactions. 

The
Company s earnings, cash flow and the market value of its vessels vary significantly due to direct impacts of health threats such
as the COVID-19 pandemic, general economic, competitive and market conditions affecting the industry, the cyclical nature of the tanker
industry, and legislative and regulatory actions all factors beyond the control of the Company. The amount of debt that OSG can
manage in some periods may not be appropriate for other periods, and OSG s ability to meet the financial covenants to which it is
subject or may be subject in the future may be at risk. Any insufficiency could negatively impact OSG s business. 

Insufficiencies
in earnings, cash flow and market value of the vessels could require the Company to make mandatory payments or cause the Company to breach
certain covenants. If the Company is unable to remedy the relevant breach or obtain a waiver, the Company s lenders could accelerate
its debts and foreclose on the Company s owned vessels. 

If
OSG does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy its debt obligations, it may have to undertake alternative financing
plans, such as selling tankers or other assets, reducing or delaying investments and capital expenditures, refinancing or restructuring
its debt, and/or seeking to raise additional capital. The Company s ability to restructure or refinance its debt will depend on
the condition of the capital markets, its access to such markets and its financial condition at that time. Any future refinancing of
debt could be at higher interest rates and might require the Company to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict
OSG s business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict OSG from adopting certain
alternatives. These potential undertakings and alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit OSG to meet its scheduled
debt service obligations. 

The
Company s inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, to meet its financial covenants, to reduce
debt, and/or to obtain alternative financing, could materially and adversely affect OSG s business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

16 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

The
Company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from a limited number of customers and is subject to credit risks, and the loss
of, or reduction in business by, any of these customers could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

The
Company s largest customers account for a significant portion of its revenues. The Company s top two customers comprised
approximately 24.4 of the Company s revenues during 2022. Changes in the broader market, such as closures of U.S. refining facilities,
have reduced the locations to and from which oil is delivered or refined oil is sourced. 

The
Company has entered into, and in the future will enter into, various contracts associated with the operation of its vessels. The ability
of each of the Company s customers, lenders, suppliers, and other counterparties to perform their obligations will depend on a
number of factors that are beyond the Company s control and may include general economic conditions; availability of debt or equity
financing; the condition of the maritime and offshore industries; the financial condition of the counterparty; charter rates received
for specific types of vessels; and volatile expenses in obtaining supplies. Charterers are sensitive to the commodity markets and may
be impacted by market forces affecting commodities such as oil. In addition, in depressed market conditions, the Company s charterers
and customers may no longer need a vessel that had been under charter or contract or may be able to obtain a comparable vessel at lower
rates, or adverse financial conditions may inhibit these entities from entering into new commitments with OSG. As a result, the Company s
customers may fail to pay charter hire or attempt to renegotiate charter rates. If the counterparties fail to meet their obligations,
the Company could suffer losses on such contracts which would decrease revenues, cash flows and earnings. 

These
factors could have a material adverse effect on OSG s revenues, profitability and cash flows, as well as its borrowing ability
and financial condition. The loss of, or reduction in business by, any of these customers and refinery locations could materially adversely
affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Interruption,
failure or breach of OSG s information technology and communications systems could impair its ability to operate and adversely
affect its business. 

OSG
has both on-shore and ship-board systems that are highly dependent on information technology systems. The Company collects, stores and
transmits data using both internal information technology systems and those of third-party vendors. The secure storage, processing, maintenance,
and transmission of sensitive data, including our own proprietary business information and that of our customers, and personally identifiable
information of our customers and employees, is critical to the Company s operations. 

Information
technology and communication systems are subject to reliability issues, integration and compatibility concerns, and security-threatening
intrusions. OSG may experience failures caused by the occurrence of natural disasters, computer hacking or viruses or other unanticipated
problems at OSG s facilities, aboard its vessels or at third-party locations. OSG s network, or those of our clients or third-party
vendors, could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, or targeted attacks intended to steal or destroy data, disrupt
or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. 

The
Company may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against these threats or to alleviate problems caused
by security breaches or viruses. Security breaches and viruses could expose us to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities and
could also cause customers to lose confidence in our systems. 

OSG
has not experienced any material cyber security violation or occurrence over the last three years, and we invest time, effort and financial
resources to proactively secure our systems, networks and communications. However, these investments cannot provide absolute assurance
that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all cyber security attacks. Any failure of OSG s or third-party systems
could result in interruptions in service, reductions in revenue and profits, damage to reputation and brand, or liability for the release
of confidential information, and any breach or incident may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. 

17 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Delays
or disruptions in implementing new technological and management systems could impair the Company s ability to operate and adversely
affect its business. 

The
Company is currently in the process of transitioning to a new software system for managing ship operations. From time to time the Company
implements new systems or upgrades technological resources utilized in running its business. The transition to new technology requires
a significant investment in capital and personnel resources and the coordination of numerous software and system providers and internal
business teams. The Company may experience difficulties as it manages these changes and transitions to a new system and upgrades its
technological resources, including loss or corruption of data, delays, decreases in productivity as personnel implement and become familiar
with new systems and processes, and unanticipated expenses. Additionally, the Company could be adversely affected if the new software
system it is implementing for managing ship operations or other new or upgraded technological resource are defective, not installed properly,
fail to perform as marketed or are not properly integrated into existing operations. In addition, the implementation of a new system
may not result in improvements that outweigh the cost of implementation. System implementation failures or operational failures, including
unauthorized access by third parties to our new software system (which could have the effects described in the preceding risk factor)
could have adverse effects on the Company s business, financial position, and ability to operate in a complex industry. 

The Company
could face significant liability if one or more multiemployer plans in which it participates is reported to have underfunded liabilities
or if the Company withdraws from participation in one or more multiemployer pension plans in which it participates. 

The
Company is a party to collective-bargaining agreements that require contributions to three jointly managed multiemployer pension plans
covering seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels. Our required contributions to these plans could increase because of a shrinking contribution
base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these plans, the inability or failure
of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, low interest rates, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or
other funding deficiencies. Certain of these multiemployer plans are currently underfunded. Significantly underfunded pension plans are
required to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the level of their under-funding. As a result, OSG s
required contributions to these plans may increase in the future. In addition, a termination of or voluntary withdrawal from or a mass
withdrawal of all contributing employers from an underfunded multiemployer pension plan would require OSG to make payments to the plan
for our proportionate share of such multiemployer pension plan s unfunded vested liabilities. See Note 15, Pension and Other
Post Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Company s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information.
Requirements to pay increased contributions or withdrawal liabilities could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and results
of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

The
Company s business, results of operations and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially
adversely affected by public health threats. 

COVID-19
revealed the significant impacts throughout the world of a threat to public health. Such threats prompt governments and businesses
to take unprecedented measures in response, including restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of
businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. Global pandemics can, and have, significantly curtailed global economic
activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets, which could adversely affect the
Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. The extent to which global or regional health threats
impact the Company s operational and financial performance depends on many factors outside the Company s control,
including the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the threat; the emergence of new variants; availability, distribution and
effectiveness of vaccines and treatments; the imposition or relaxation of protective public safety measures; and the impact on the
economy and demand for petroleum products and the Company s vessels. 

Volatile
changes in supply and demand for oil and refined products, charter rates and vessel values, and the factors that influence such changes,
could adversely affect the Company s earnings, liquidity and available cash. 

The
marine transportation industry is both cyclical and volatile in terms of demand, charter rates and profitability. Fluctuations in charter
rates and vessel values result from changes in supply and demand both for tanker capacity and for oil and oil products. Factors affecting
these changes in supply and demand are generally outside of the Company s control. Factors influencing the demand for tanker capacity,
and impacting our costs and profitability, include: (i) supply and demand for, and availability of energy resources such as oil, oil
products and natural gas, which affect customers need for vessel capacity; (ii) availability of refining capacity and inventories;
(iii) changes in the production levels of crude oil; (iv) increases in the supply of Jones Act vessels without a commensurate increase
in demand; (v) global and regional economic and political conditions, including armed conflicts, terrorist activities and strikes, and
international sanctions, embargoes, import and export restrictions or nationalizations and wars, such as the Russian war in Ukraine,
that create uncertainties in the supply of and demand for oil; (vi) changes in seaborne and other transportation patterns, including
changes in the distances that cargoes are transported, changes in the price of crude oil and changes to the West Texas Intermediate and
Brent Crude Oil pricing benchmarks; and (vii) increasing interest globally, from a regulatory and demand viewpoint, in transitioning
to carbon neutral energy sources and the development and use of alternative fuels in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that impact
the fuel we transport as cargo and use in fueling our own vessels. 

18 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Many
of the factors that influence the demand for tanker capacity will also, in the longer term, effectively influence the supply of tanker
capacity, since decisions to build new capacity, invest in capital repairs, invest in new technologies or equipment, or to retain in
service older capacity are influenced by the general state of the marine transportation industry from time to time. Factors influencing
the supply of vessel capacity include (i) the number of newbuild deliveries or the conversion of vessels into or out of transporting
oil; (ii) the number of vessels removed from service, such as via recycling, scrapping or conversion to storage; and (iii) the availability
and pricing of other energy sources such as natural gas for which tankers can be used or to which construction capacity may be dedicated. 

The
nature, timing and degree of changes in industry conditions are unpredictable and could adversely affect the values of the Company s
vessels or result in significant fluctuations in the amount of charter revenues the Company earns, which could result in significant
volatility in OSG s operations, financial results and cash flows. 

Changes
in fuel prices may adversely a ffect our earnings. 

Fuel
is a significant expense in the Company s shipping operations when vessels are under voyage charter. Accordingly, an increase in
the price of fuel may adversely affect the Company s profitability if these increases cannot be passed onto customers. Moreover,
higher fuel prices could reduce the profitability and competitiveness of the Company s business compared to other forms of transportation.
The price and supply of fuel is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside the Company s control. 

The
market value of vessels fluctuates significantly, which could adversely affect OSG s liquidity or otherwise adversely affect its
financial condition. 

The
market value of Jones Act and U.S. Flag vessels has fluctuated over time. The fluctuating market values of the vessels can impact the
Company s liquidity regardless of whether the Company sells or continues to hold the vessels. For example, selling a vessel at
a sale price that is less than the vessel s carrying amount on the Company s financial statements will result in a loss on
the sale and a reduction in earnings and surplus. Declining values of the Company s vessels could adversely affect the Company s
liquidity by limiting its ability to raise cash by refinancing vessels. The Company may also experience significant impairment charges
upon a decline in vessel value. Any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect the Company s liquidity, results
of operations and financial condition. 

OSG
conducts certain of its operations internationally, which subjects the Company to changing economic, political and governmental conditions
abroad that may adversely affect its business. 

The
Company conducts certain of its operations internationally, and its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
may be adversely affected by changing economic, political and government conditions in the countries and regions where its vessels are
employed. OSG must comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, such as environmental regulations requiring investments
and upgrades, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government
officials, anti-money laundering laws; and anti-competition regulations. OSG s operations may also subject its employees and agents
to extortion attempts. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions
on the Company s business operations and on the Company s ability to transport cargo to one or more countries, and could
also materially affect the Company s brand, ability to attract and retain employees, international operations, business and operating
results. Although OSG has policies and procedures designed to achieve compliance with these laws and regulations, OSG cannot be certain
that its employees, contractors, joint venture partners or agents will not violate these policies and procedures. 

19 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc . 

Shipping
is a business with inherent risks, and OSG s insurance may not be adequate to cover its losses. 

OSG s
vessels and their cargoes are at risk of being damaged or lost due to accidents, bad weather, mechanical failure, human error, and other
factors. These hazards may result in death or injury; loss of revenues or property; environmental damage; higher insurance rates; damage
to customer relationships and industry reputation; and market disruptions, and delay or rerouting, all of which may also subject OSG
to litigation. The operation of tankers has unique operational risks associated with the transportation of oil. An oil spill may cause
significant environmental damage and the associated costs could exceed the insurance coverage available to the Company. While the Company
carries insurance to protect against certain of these risks, risks may arise against which the Company is not adequately insured. In
the past, new and stricter environmental regulations have led to higher costs for insurance covering environmental damage or pollution,
and new regulations could lead to similar increases or even make this type of insurance unavailable. The occurrence of the events described
above, and the increases in the costs (or unavailability) of insurance covering such events could adversely affect the OSG s business,
financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Terrorism,
piracy, or hostilities could adversely affect the Company s business. 

Although
the Company s fleet operates mainly in U.S. waters, there are occasions when a vessel may be in an area where terrorist or pirate
attacks, or hijackings are a concern. If attacks result in regions in which the Company s vessels are deployed being characterized
by insurers as war risk zones or Joint War Committee war and strikes listed areas, premiums payable for insurance
coverage could increase significantly, and such insurance coverage may become difficult to obtain. Crew costs could also increase in
such circumstances due to risks of piracy attacks. While OSG believes the charterer remains liable for charter payments when a vessel
is seized by pirates, disputes with the charterer may result in the delay or non-payment of charter hire, or cancellation of the charter
party. The Company may not be adequately insured to cover losses from these incidents, or an increase in the cost (or unavailability)
of insurance for those vessels could have a material adverse impact on OSG s business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. Such attacks may also impact the Company s customers, which could impair their ability to make payments to the
Company under its charters. 

Terrorism
or international hostilities could cause political instability, damage the world economy, adversely affect the availability of and demand
for crude oil and petroleum products and adversely affect both the Company s ability to charter its vessels and the charter rates
payable under any such charters. These factors could also increase the costs to the Company of conducting its business, particularly
crew, insurance and security costs, and prevent or restrict the Company from obtaining insurance coverage, all of which could have a
material adverse effect on OSG s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks
Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

Compliance
with complex laws and regulations and environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gas
gases, may adversely affect OSG s business. 

The
Company s operations are affected by extensive, complex, and changing international, national, and local environmental protection
laws, regulations, treaties, conventions and standards designed to reduce the risk of oil spills and water pollution and to regulate
and reduce air emissions, including emission of greenhouse gases. These regulations are summarized in detail in Item 1, Business
- Environmental, Safety and Security Matters . These requirements impose significant capital and operating costs on OSG as well
as the potential for unlimited liability in certain circumstances. 

Due
to concern over the risks of climate change, a number of countries, including the United States, and international organizations,
including the IMO and the EU, have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions. Regulations and the reporting mechanisms to measure emissions are evolving, as multiple concerned constituents attempt to standardize the measurement and reporting of varying operational factors for many types of vessels and conditions,
including such measures as the Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index EEXI and the Carbon Intensity Indicator CII ). The CII s letter grading system for a ship s CO2 emissions performance is based upon calculation
methodologies that are presently being debated, correction factors that are open to further modification, and a review process
that will remain open until 2026, leading to considerable uncertainties in interpretation and enforcement. Absent a change in the
CII rules as currently stated, ships with low grades may face the potential threat of enforcement and retirement if the ratings do
not improve during the stipulated remediation period. The mechanisms to achieve a passing grade may require changes in
the responsibilities among the supply chain participants, changes to the operating patterns of vessels or the speeds at which
they may sail, or the types of fuel to be consumed, as well as capital investments in equipment and technology many of which are not
yet established as viable. 

These
regulations could result in significant financial and operational impacts on the Company s business and on the global industry,
including requiring OSG to install new emission controls, to invest in technologies or equipment, to retrofit vessels, to acquire allowances,
or to pay taxes related to its greenhouse gas emissions. Further, in cases where the Company invests in new technologies or equipment, there is no assurance that such technologies
or equipment will perform as expected, notwithstanding that the Company will have performed due diligence in selecting the particular
technology or equipment. 

Environmental
laws and regulations can affect the resale value or significantly reduce the useful lives of the Company s vessels, require a reduction
in carrying capacity, ship modifications, or operational changes or restrictions (and related increased operating costs) or retirement
of service, lead to decreased availability or higher cost of insurance coverage for environmental matters, or result in the denial of
access to, or detention in, certain jurisdictional waters or ports. Under local, national and foreign laws, as well as international
treaties and conventions, OSG could incur material liabilities, including cleanup obligations, natural resource damages, fines and penalties
in the event that there is a release of oil, petroleum or other hazardous substances from its vessels or otherwise in connection with
its operations. OSG could be subject to personal injury or property damage claims relating to the release of or exposure to hazardous
materials associated with its current or historic operations. Violations of or liabilities under environmental requirements also can
result in substantial penalties, fines and other sanctions, including in certain instances, seizure or detention of the Company s
vessels. 

It
can be expected that these regulations will continue to become stricter in the future and will require the Company to incur significant
capital expenditures to keep its vessels in compliance, or even to scrap or sell certain vessels altogether. Such expenditures could
result in financial and operational impacts that may be material to OSG s financial condition. The failure to comply with local,
domestic and foreign regulations may subject the Company to increased liability, may invalidate existing insurance or decrease available
insurance coverage for the affected vessels and may result in a denial of access to, or detention in, certain ports. 

The
Company s business would be adversely affected if it failed to comply with the Jones Act s limitations on U.S. coastwise
trade, or if these limitations were waived, modified or repealed, or if changes in international trade agreements were to occur. 

The
Company is responsible for monitoring the foreign ownership of its common stock and other interests to ensure compliance with the Jones
Act. The Company could lose the privilege of owning and operating vessels in the Jones Act trade if non-U.S. Citizens were to own or
control, in the aggregate, more than 25 of the equity interests in the Company. Such loss would have a material adverse effect on the
Company s business and results of operations. In addition, failure to comply with the Jones Act could result in the Company being
deemed to have violated other U.S. federal laws that prohibit a foreign transfer of U.S. documented vessels without government approval,
resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading privileges or forfeiture of the vessels deemed transferred,
and fines. 

Maritime
transportation services are currently excluded from the General Agreement on Trade in Services GATS and are the subject
of reservations by the United States in the North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA and other international free trade
agreements. If maritime transportation services were included in GATS, NAFTA or other international trade agreements, or if the restrictions
contained in the Jones Act were otherwise repealed or altered, the transportation of maritime cargo between U.S. ports could be opened
to international flag or foreign built vessels. Interest groups regularly lobby Congress, and legislation has been introduced, to repeal
certain provisions of the Jones Act or to grant extensive waivers so as to facilitate international flag competition for trades and cargoes
currently reserved for U.S. Flag vessels under the Jones Act. The Company expects that continued efforts will be made to modify, repeal,
or waive the Jones Act. Because international vessels may have lower construction costs, wage rates and operating costs, this could significantly
increase competition in the coastwise trade, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. 

20 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

The
U.S. government could requisition the Company s vessels during a period of war or emergency, which may negatively impact the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations and available cash. 

The
U.S. government could requisition one or more of the Company s vessels for title or hire, typically occurring during a period of
war or emergency. OSG participates in the Maritime Security Program for such purposes. The U.S. government requisition of one or more
of the Company s vessels could impact the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and available cash
if the charter rates we receive from the government while on requisition are less than the charter rates that are being replaced, or
if the government refuses to pay the requisition charter rate. 

The
employment of the Company s vessels could be adversely affected by an inability to clear the oil majors risk assessment
processes. 

The
major oil companies have developed strict due diligence processes for selecting their shipping partners out of concerns for the environmental
impact of spills. This vetting process has evolved into a sophisticated and comprehensive risk assessment of both the vessel manager
and the vessel. The Company s charterers require that the Company s vessels and the technical managers pass vetting inspections
and management audits. The failure of the Company s vessels or managers to maintain these standards could put the Company in breach
of the applicable charter agreement and lead to termination of such agreement, thereby adversely affecting revenues. 

Transfers
or issuances of the Company s equity may impair or reduce the Company s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards
and certain other tax attributes in the future. 

Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, contains rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership
change to utilize its net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and certain built-in losses recognized in years after the
ownership change. An ownership change is generally defined as any change in ownership of more than 50 of a corporation s
stock over a rolling three-year period by stockholders that own (directly or indirectly) 5 or more of the stock of a corporation or
arising from a new issuance of stock by a corporation. If an ownership change occurs, Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the
use of pre-ownership change net operating losses, credits and certain other tax attributes to offset taxable income earned after the
ownership change. The annual limitation is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate and the value of the company s
stock immediately before the ownership change. This annual limitation may be adjusted to reflect any unused annual limitation for prior
years and certain recognized built-in gains and losses for the year. In addition, Section 383 generally limits the amount of tax liability
in any post-ownership change year that can be reduced by pre-ownership change tax credit carryforwards. If the Company were to undergo
an ownership change, and therefore become subject to limitations described above, it could have a material adverse effect
on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

21 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease two properties that house offices used in the administration of our operations: a property of approximately 18,300 square feet
in Tampa, Florida, and a property of approximately 4,000 square feet in Beaverton, Oregon. We also lease 3.2 acres in Tampa, Florida
on which two Company-owned buildings aggregating 15,000 square feet sit, and a property of approximately 18,600 square feet in Portland,
Oregon used to store spares and parts for our vessels. 

We
do not own or lease any production facilities, plants, mines or similar real properties. 

Vessels: 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company owned or operated an aggregate of 21 vessels. See tables presented under Item 1, Business Fleet
Operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are party to lawsuits and claims arising out of the normal course of business. In management s opinion, there are no known pending
claims or litigation, the outcome of which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on our consolidated results
of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

22 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information, Holders and Dividends 

The
Company s Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol OSG. 

On
March 6, 2023, there were 102 stockholders of record of the Company s Class A common
stock. 

The
declaration and timing of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon, among
other things, our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions
imposed by applicable law and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, the Company s ability
to pay cash dividends in the future may be limited by certain of the Company s loan agreements. 

Section
170(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL only permits dividends to be declared out of two legally available
sources: (1) surplus, or (2) if there is no surplus, net profits for the year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding year
(so-called nimble dividends ). However, dividends may not be declared out of net profits if the capital of the corporation,
computed in accordance with sections 154 and 244 of the DGCL, shall have been diminished by depreciation in the value of its property,
or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock
of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

See
Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, for further information
on the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock that may be issued under the 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan for
Management and the Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan. 

Equity
Securities 

See
Note 12, Capital Stock and Stock Compensation, to the Company s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item
8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for a description of Class A warrants exercised in exchange for Class A
common stock, which is incorporated by reference in this Part I, Item 5. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a program to purchase up to five million shares of the Company s
common stock. Under the program, the Company repurchased shares from time to time in open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions. The program was completed in October 2022. 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022, purchases of the Company s common stock under the share repurchase program were as follows: 

Period 
 Total Number Shares of Class A Purchased 
 Average
Price 
 Paid
per 
 Share of Class A 
 
 October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 
 1,221,113 
 3.04 
 
 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 (1) 
 5,000,000 
 2.86 
 
 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 

6,221,113 
 2.90 

(1) 
 In November 2022, the Company
 purchased five million shares of the Company s common stock from Cyrus Capital, a major stockholder, at a price of 2.86 per
 share for a total of 14,300 using available cash. The purchase price for the shares was determined based on the trailing 3-day volume
 weighted average price at the market closing on November 10, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units in January, February, March and July, the
Company withheld the following number of shares of Class A common stock from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes: 

Period 
 Total Number Shares of Class A Purchased 
 Average Price 
 Paid per 
 Share of Class A 
 
 January 1, 2022 through January 31, 2022 
 64 
 1.79 
 
 February 1, 2022 through February 28, 2022 
 24,876 
 1.92 
 
 March 1, 2022 through March 31, 2022 
 154,100 
 2.10 
 
 July 1, 2022 through July 31, 2022 
 60,646 
 2.06 

239,686 
 2.07 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

23 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following is a discussion and analysis of (i) industry operations that have an impact on the Company s financial position and results
of operations, (ii) the Company s financial condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and its results of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (iii) critical accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated
financial statements. All dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except daily dollar amounts and per share amounts. 

GENERAL 

Our
21-vessel fleet operates as a single reportable segment. We believe that this is appropriate as our chief operating decision maker
makes decisions about resource allocations and reviews and measures our results as one line of business with similar regulatory
requirements, customers and commodities transported. Revenues are derived predominantly from
time charter agreements, which provide a predictable level of revenues. We derived approximately 30 of our total shipping revenues
and 25 of our total TCE revenues in the spot market and COAs for 2022. 

OPERATIONS
AND OIL TANKER MARKETS 

Our
revenues are highly sensitive to patterns of supply and demand for vessels of the size and design configurations owned and operated by
us and the trades in which those vessels operate. Rates for the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products are determined
by market forces such as the supply and demand for oil, the distance that cargoes must be transported, and the number of vessels expected
to be available at the time cargoes need to be transported. In the Jones Act trades within which the substantial majority of our vessels
operate, demand factors for transportation are affected almost exclusively by supply and distribution decisions of oil producers, refiners
and distributors based in the United States. Further, the demand for U.S. domestic oil shipments is significantly affected by the state
of the U.S. and global economies, the level of imports into the U.S. from OPEC and other foreign producers, oil production in the United
States, and the relative price differentials of U.S. produced crude oil and refined petroleum products as compared with comparable products
sourced from or destined for foreign markets, including the cost of transportation on international flag vessels to or from those markets.
The number of vessels is affected by newbuilding deliveries and by the removal of existing vessels from service, principally through
storage, layup, deletions, or conversions. Our revenues are also affected by the mix of charters between spot (voyage charters which
include short-term time charters) and long-term (time or bareboat charters). 

The
Russia/Ukraine conflict has resulted in economic sanctions against Russia, including the banning or limitation of oil imports from
Russia by certain countries and self-sanctioning by many oil companies and traders. In December
2022, the EU banned waterborne crude oil imports from Russia and the G 7 nations implemented a price cap limiting the global price
paid for Russian oil. Some countries have taken advantage of the current availability of Russian crude oil sold at a discount to world
prices. These circumstances have resulted in the redirection of oil (crude and refined product) trade flows, which are apt to continue,
reflecting the needs of countries that were large consumers of Russian oil to obtain other supply sources. Although the United States
was not a major importer of Russian oil, it is impacted by these global events. Crude and refined products that were previously imported
into the United States from non-Russian sources may not be available in prior quantities. Another potential impact is more movement from domestic
producing locations via pipeline and marine assets, which would increase vessel demand. An increase in demand could result in
higher utilization levels and potentially higher rates for Jones Act vessels. 

Renewable diesel produces less carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxide than conventional diesel. As it is chemically identical
to regular diesel, it can be used on its own or blended with conventional diesel. Production of renewable diesel increased in 2022 and
is expected to grow significantly by 2025 as governments implement policies to encourage further growth of this fuel, including California s
Low Carbon Fuel Standard. The U.S. Gulf Coast currently produces a significant proportion of U.S renewable diesel, and California has
been a large consumer of renewable diesel. Marine transportation provides the most cost-effective solution to move finished product to
the West Coast. The length of the trip to California creates a significant increase in ton mile demand, creating a large new market for
Jones Act shipping. 

During
the COVID-19 pandemic we placed seven vessels in layup in order to allow us to reduce the operating costs associated with vessels that
were without charter. As demand returned, in the fall of 2021 we began to bring vessels out of layup and operate them in the spot market.
In January 2022 and late February 2022, two more vessels came out of layup. We continued to see an increase in demand during the first
half of 2022 and as a result, our last two vessels in layup returned to service in May 2022. During 2022, we started to see a resumption
of more typical customer behavior, with charterers entering into longer term time charter agreements. 

During
the pandemic and continuing today, we implemented procedures to protect the health and safety of our employees, crew and contractors,
as mandated or recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the U.S. Coast Guard, local ports and shipyards, and country-
and state-specific requirements. These additional procedures and delays have resulted in increased costs, which at this point in time, have
not been material but are expected to continue and may increase. 

24 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Having
our vessels committed on time charters is a fundamental objective of our chartering strategy. We seek to have a majority of available
vessel operating days covered with time charters or COAs, but if such charters are not remunerative, or prove achievable
under certain market conditions, some of our vessels may operate in the spot market, which is more volatile and less predictable. Because
shipping revenues and voyage expenses are significantly affected by the mix between voyage charters and time charters, we manage our
vessels based on TCE revenues and rates, which are non-GAAP measures. 

The
increase in demand for Jones Act tankers and ATBs that started in the fourth quarter of 2021 and continued throughout 2022 has caused
charterers to secure time charter contracts rather than relying on the spot market. This resulted in fewer vessels available in the spot
market, and spot activity decreased from 30 spot fixtures in the fourth quarter of 2021 to six in the fourth quarter of 2022. All six
spot fixtures were performed by ATBs. 

Our
vessels were employed for 98 of available days during 2022, with 159 of a total 7,025 available days (excluding 227 days vessels were
off-hire due to drydock requirements) seeing vessels idle without employment. Industry-wide, there were no firm Jones Act construction orders
as of December 31, 2022. 

Delaware
Bay lightering volumes averaged 67,000 b/d in 2022 compared with 70,000 b/d in 2021. We have contract minimums with our refinery customers
that compensate us for barrels not lightered below minimum amounts. 

RESULTS
FROM VESSEL OPERATIONS 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, shipping revenues increased by 107,738, or 30.0 compared to 2021. The
increase primarily resulted from a 1,953-day decrease in layup days as we had fewer vessels in layup during 2022 as compared to 2021. During the first quarter of 2022, we had two vessels in layup for the full quarter and two additional vessels
that came out of layup in January 2022 and late February 2022. Our remaining two vessels in layup returned to service in May 2022.
We had seven vessels in layup for most of 2021, with two of seven vessels coming out of layup in
September 2021. Additionally, the increase in revenues resulted from an increase in average daily rates earned by our fleet and
seven Military Sealift Command voyages, which were longer international voyages, during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
five such voyages during the same period in 2021. The increase was partially offset by (a) fewer vessels in our
fleet, as we sold one MR tanker, the Overseas Gulf Coast, in June 2021 and returned three conventional
tankers leased from American Shipping Company in early to mid-December 2022, (b) a 38-day increase in scheduled drydocking and (c) a
15-day increase in repair days. 

Reconciliations
of TCE revenues, a non-GAAP measure, to shipping revenues as reported in the consolidated statements of operations follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Time charter equivalent revenues 
 426,328 
 292,595 
 
 Add: Voyage expenses 
 40,472 
 66,467 
 
 Shipping revenues 
 466,800 
 359,062 

Consistent
with general practice in the shipping industry, we use TCE revenues, which represents shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure
to compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. TCE revenues, a non-GAAP measure, provides
additional meaningful information in conjunction with shipping revenues, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, because it assists
management in decisions regarding the deployment and use of our vessels and in evaluating their financial performance. 

25 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

The
following table provides a breakdown of TCE rates achieved for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 between spot and fixed earnings
and the related revenue days. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 
 Spot Earnings 
 Fixed Earnings 
 Spot Earnings 
 Fixed Earnings 
 
 Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: 

Average rate 
 51,565 
 60,732 
 34,985 
 65,794 
 
 Revenue days 
 637 
 3,628 
 843 
 1,856 
 
 Non-Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: 

Average rate 
 45,562 
 31,290 
 31,017 
 10,048 
 
 Revenue days 
 730 
 361 
 735 
 520 
 
 ATBs: 

Average rate 
 37,211 
 35,125 
 
 33,849 
 
 Revenue days 
 177 
 550 
 
 727 
 
 Lightering: 

Average rate 
 68,523 
 46,783 
 73,624 

Revenue days 
 455 
 140 
 365 

Alaska (a): 

Average rate 
 
 59,880 
 
 59,002 
 
 Revenue days 
 
 1,061 
 
 1,018 

(a) Excludes
 one Alaska vessel currently in layup. 

During
2022, TCE revenues increased by 133,733, or 45.7 , to 426,328 from 292,595 in 2021. The increase
in TCE revenues was primarily driven by the increase in shipping revenues explained above. 

Voyage
expenses decreased by 25,995, or 39.1 , to 40,472 in 2022 from 66,467 in 2021 primarily related to an absence of expenses for oil
pollution mitigation services for the Alaskan tankers during 2022 compared to 36,977 of these expenses during 2021. These expenses were previously passed through to the charterer each month; however, the charterer is
now paying the expenses directly to the vendor. The decrease was partially offset by increases in fuel and port expenses related to higher
fuel prices and more voyage charters performed by our vessels during 2022 compared to 2021 and an increase in freight brokerage fees due to removing vessels from layup during 2022. 

Vessel
expenses increased by 36,253, or 25.8 , to 176,666 in 2022 from 140,413 in 2021 primarily due to an increase in crewing costs. The
increase in crewing costs was related to fewer vessels in layup during 2022 compared to 2021 and higher negotiated rates paid to our seafarers under collective bargaining agreements with U.S. maritime unions. 

Charter
hire expenses decreased by 1,317, or 1.5 , to 88,849 in 2022 from 90,166 in 2021. The decrease primarily resulted from less charter
hire expense paid during 2022 compared to 2021 due to the redelivery of three conventional
tankers leased from American Shipping Company in early to mid-December 2022. 

Depreciation
expense increased by 8,814, or 14.3 , to 70,637 in 2022 from 61,823 in 2021. The increase primarily resulted from an increase in amortization
of drydock costs. 

26 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Two
of our reflagged U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which is designed to ensure that
privately-owned, military-useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national
emergency. Each of the vessel-owning companies receives an annual stipend, subject in each case to annual congressional
appropriations, which is intended to offset the increased cost incurred by such vessels from operating under the U.S. Flag. Such
stipend was 5,300 on one vessel and 3,952 on one vessel in 2022 and 5,250 for each vessel
in 2021. 

Under
the terms of the program, we expect to receive up to 5,300 for each vessel in 2023. We do not receive a stipend for any days for which
either of the two vessels operate under a time charter to a U.S. government agency. 

GENERAL
AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

General
and administrative expenses increased 2,888, or 12.0 , to 26,985 from 24,097 in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher
compensation and benefits costs related to the recognition of stock compensation costs for performance-based RSUs due to the fact that
at the end of the second quarter of 2022 it became probable that some of the operational and financial goals specified in the RSUs were
met and an increase in headcount during 2022 compared to 2021. 

BAD
DEBT RECOVERY 

Bad
debt recovery was 0 in 2022 compared to 1,080 in 2021. In June 2019, one of our lightering customers, Philadelphia Energy Solutions
LLC PES ), suffered an explosion and fire at its refinery in the Delaware Bay. In July 2019, PES filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy
petition. At the end of the second quarter of 2019, we established a loss provision of 4,300 related to 4,300 in outstanding receivables
from PES. In May 2020, the PES bankruptcy process resulted in the sale of the refinery complex, which was permanently closed. During
the fourth quarter of 2021, our recovery became determinable and we recognized a recovery of 1,080, which the payment was received by
us in February 2022. 

LOSS
ON DISPOSAL OF VESSELS AND OTHER PROPERTY, INCLUDING IMPAIRMENTS, NET 

Loss
on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net was 0 in 2022 compared to 6,276 in 2021. The decrease was primarily
a result of the sale of the Overseas Gulf Coast during the second quarter of 2021 for 32,128, net of broker commissions and other
fees, resulting in a loss, and an impairment charge of 1,000 recorded on two of the Company s leased vessels. 

OTHER
INCOME, NET 

Other income, net increased 1,342, or
67.6 , to 3,327 in 2022 from 1,985 in 2021. The increase was primarily a result of the annual actuarial adjustments related to our
pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 

INTEREST
EXPENSE 

Interest
expense increased 3,857, or 13.2 , to 33,060 in 2022 from 29,203 in 2021. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to a
higher average balance of debt outstanding throughout 2022 in comparison to 2021 and a higher rate of interest on our term loan, due
2028, which we entered into in September 2021 (the New Term Loan ), during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
the rate of interest we were paying on our prior term loan, due 2023, during the year ended December 31, 2021. The prior term loan,
due 2023 was paid off with proceeds from the New Term Loan. The increase was partially offset by decreases in interest expense
related to the replacement and payoff of our term loan, due 2026, with proceeds from the New Term Loan in September 2021 and a
prepayment of 16,000 we made on the Alaska tankers term loan, due 2025, in September 2021. 

INCOME
TAX EXPENSE 

The
effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 20.6 and 28.1 , respectively. The tonnage tax exclusion created
a decrease in the tax rate in 2022 from 2021 due to the change from net loss in 2021 to net income in 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of 199,059 that are available to reduce future taxes, if
any. The existing federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2034. 

LIQUIDITY
AND SOURCES OF CAPITAL 

Our
business is capital intensive. Our ability to successfully implement our strategy is dependent on the continued availability of capital
on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to successfully operate our business to meet near-term and long-term debt repayment obligations
is dependent on maintaining sufficient liquidity. 

27 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Liquidity

Working
capital from continuing operations at December 31, 2022 was approximately (38,000) compared with approximately (67,000) at December
31, 2021. Excluding the current portion of operating and finance lease liabilities, working capital was approximately 30,000 at December
31, 2022 compared to 37,000 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in working capital was primarily due to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents
related to our purchase of a U.S. Treasury Note for 14,794 and our repurchase of 10 million shares of our common stock for 29,040, as
discussed below. Additionally, working capital decreased due to an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities
as a result of timing of accounts payable payments made in 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease in working
capital was partially offset by an increase in receivables related to the timing of collections from our customers. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had total liquidity on a consolidated basis comprised principally of 78,732 of cash and cash equivalents. We
manage our cash in accordance with our intercompany cash management system. Our cash and cash equivalents, as well as our restricted
cash balances, generally exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. We place our cash, cash equivalents and restricted
cash in what we believe to be creditworthy financial institutions. In addition, certain of our money market accounts invest in U.S. Treasury
securities or other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2022
and 2021 was related to requirements under the Unsecured Senior Notes. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had total debt outstanding (net of deferred financing costs) of 423,363 and a total debt to total capitalization
of 55.5 , compared to 444,740 and 56.7 , respectively, at December 31, 2021. 

Sources,
Uses and Management of Capital 

We
generate significant cash flows from our complementary mix of time charters, voyage charters and COAs. Net cash
provided by operating activities in 2022 was 72,823. In addition to operating cash flows, our other current
potential sources of funds are additional borrowings, proceeds from the opportunistic sales of our vessels and proceeds from additional
issuances of equity securities. In the past, we have also obtained funds from the issuance of long-term debt securities. 

We
use capital to fund working capital requirements, maintain the quality of our vessels, comply with U.S. and international shipping standards
and environmental laws and regulations and repay or repurchase our outstanding loan facilities. We may also use cash generated by operations
to finance capital expenditures to modernize and grow our fleet. 

In
July 2022, we purchased a 15,000 U.S. Treasury Note for 14,794 with a maturity date of August 15, 2024. The U.S. Treasury Note is classified
as investment in security to be held to maturity and is carried at amortized cost on the consolidated balance sheets as we
have the intent and ability to hold until maturity. 

In
October 2022, we completed a share repurchase program using 14,740 of available cash to repurchase five million shares of our company stock
at an average price of 2.95. Additionally, in November 2022, we purchased five million shares of our common stock from Cyrus Capital, a major stockholder,
at a price of 2.86 per share for a total of 14,300 using available cash. 

In June 2021,
the Company sold the Overseas Gulf Coast for 32,128, net of broker commissions and
other fees, resulting in a loss of 5,268, which is included in loss on disposal of vessels
and other property, including impairments, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

On
September 29, 2021, certain subsidiaries (the Borrowers of the Company entered
into a seven-year, 325,000 term loan credit facility with Stonebriar Commercial Finance. Proceeds were used to pay off the Company s
term loan, due 2023, with The Prudential Insurance Company of America, as administrative agent, and certain other lenders, and the Company s
term loan, due 2026, with Wintrust Commercial Finance, for 237,983 and 20,298, respectively. Additionally, the Company used proceeds
to make a prepayment of 16,000, to partially prepay a term loan with Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC, the Company s
Alaska tankers term loan, due 2025. The remaining proceeds were used for general working capital purposes. The Company recognized an
aggregate net loss of 7,961 on these transactions, which reflects a write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs and prepayment
fees. The new term loan bears interest at a rate of 7.75 and matures on October 1, 2028. The performance
of the Borrowers obligations under the term loan is guaranteed by the Company and certain other subsidiaries and are secured by
the Borrowers assets, including five tankers, three tugs, and two barges, and by the Company s equity interests in certain
of its subsidiaries. 

The
Company also completed amendments to the loans on the OSG 205 and OSG Courageous , Overseas Sun Coast and the Alaskan
Explorer and Alaskan Navigator conforming the covenants with the Stonebriar 325,000 loan. 

28 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Outlook

The
Company s revenues are sensitive to often highly cyclical patterns of supply and demand. In the core Jones Act trades within which
the majority of our vessels operate, demand factors for transportation have historically been affected almost exclusively by supply and
distribution of refined petroleum products in the United States. The emergence of demand for domestic crude oil and renewable fuels transportation
has in recent years added a new dimension to understanding traditional Jones Act trades. Recent
market conditions have created favorable conditions for extending the breadth and duration of time charter coverage amongst our conventional
tankers. We consider the normalized market in which our vessels trade to be one that
should be characterized by stable, longer-term chartering relationships with our customer base. Recent market conditions have
created favorable conditions to allow us to establish this normalized relationship with our key customers, giving us a healthy book of
time charter contracts, many of which extend for several years into the future. Notwithstanding
the current favorable environment, there have been in the past, and could well be in the future, periods of surplus of available capacity
or offsetting demand destruction, as was evident in recent years. During such periods of market stress, low charter rates make medium
term charters unattractive or simply unavailable. In such market environments, we have considered the cost of acquiring cash flow visibility
by committing vessels to charter contracts at sustained loss-making rates as being too high when measured against what we believed to
be an asymmetrical upside potential of being positioned to benefit from a recovery in rates. As time charters expire, it is possible
that such time charters will not renew and, even if they do, they may not renew on comparable terms. Increased exposure to spot markets
has been, and in the future will likely continue to be a consequence of such thinking. Conversely, when supply and demand move more consistently
into balance, and time charters become more available at remunerative rates, and an increase in both the number and duration of period
charters entered into with our customers can be expected. 

Earnings
volatility which accompanies spot market exposure has important implications for liquidity management. The retention of relatively high
cash balances and efforts to reduce overall levels of debt and operating and administrative costs should be understood as a necessary
response to heightened uncertainty. In recent years, we have witnessed a strong trend towards rebalance of supply, as tightening age
restrictions imposed by our core customer base has progressively limited the acceptability for use in service of aging vessels. A notable
decline in the number of available trading vessels has occurred. This recent positive trend was interrupted by the onset of the COVID-19
pandemic which caused a dramatic drop in domestic and international transportation fuels demand. Changing mobility patterns arising out
of stay-at-home and restricted travel policies impacted the refining and distribution industry acutely. The short-term need for marine
assets to move fuels in a constrained demand environment was equally affected. These developments resulted in increased volatility and
decreased forward visibility of our future earnings, given the uncertainty surrounding the timing and the extent of a future recovery
of normalized demand. 

Notwithstanding
the effects of pandemic related disruptions to normal demand patterns, the demand for both domestic crude oil transportation and the
movement of renewable diesel and its feedstocks have acted progressively as important factors in affecting a restoration of a healthy
balance between available vessel supply and overall domestic transportation demand. The market transition that was emerging with this
rebalancing of supply in the period prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic has now more recently reasserted itself, offering an
increase in both the number and the duration of time charter contracts for our vessels. The emergence of expanding demand for transporting
renewable fuels, and the prospects for growth in this demand in the years ahead, has become an important variable in the equation for
determining the balance between future supply and demand. The return to normalized levels of demand in domestic refined product trades,
coupled with increased renewable fuels transport activity, so long as that trend continues, should continue to underpin market conditions
which we consider to be supportive of our long-term business objectives. 

As
mentioned previously, we refinanced certain of our debt in 2021. The refinancing reduced our cash debt service requirements;
lengthened the maturity profile of our loans; reduced the remaining balance of the Alaska tanker loan due in 2025; and provided
additional cash to the Company. We believe that these items, coupled with improved operating results, will provide adequate
resources to meet our ongoing liquidity needs. 

29 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company did not have, during the periods presented, and does not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Carrying
Value of Vessels 

We
believe that the availability, quality and reliability of fair market valuations of U.S Flag vessels are limited given the fact that
the U.S. Flag market is relatively small and illiquid with very limited secondhand sales and purchases activity from which to benchmark
vessel values. As discussed in Note 9, Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value Disclosures, to our consolidated financial
statements set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we monitor for any indicators of impairment
in regards to the carrying value of our vessels. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, which require the Company to make estimates in the application of its accounting policies based on the best assumptions, judgments,
and opinions of management. Following is a discussion of the accounting policies that involve a higher degree of judgment and the methods
of their application. For a description of all of the Company s material accounting policies, see Note 2, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies to the Company s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
majority of our revenue is generated from time charters and is accounted for as operating leases and are thus recognized ratably
over the rental periods of such charters as service is performed. The Company does not recognize time charter revenues during
periods that vessels are off hire. 

The
Company generates a portion of its revenue from voyage charters. Within the shipping industry, there are two methods used to account
for voyage charter revenue: (1) ratably over the estimated length of each voyage and (2) completed voyage. The recognition of voyage
revenues ratably over the estimated length of each voyage is the most prevalent method of accounting for voyage revenues in the shipping
industry and the method used by OSG. Under each method, voyages may be calculated on either a load-to-discharge or discharge-to-discharge
basis. 

The
Company recognizes revenue from voyage charters ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a load-to-discharge basis.
Under voyage charters, expenses such as fuel, port charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions are paid
by the Company whereas, under time and bareboat charters, such voyage costs are generally paid by the Company s customers. 

The
Company enters into COAs to provide transportation services between specified points
for a stated quantity of cargo over a specific time period, but without designating voyage schedules. The Company s COAs include
minimum purchase requirements from customers that are expressed in either fixed monthly barrels, annual minimum barrel volume requirements
or annual minimum number of voyages to complete. The Company is required to transport and the charterer is required to provide the Company
with a minimum volume requirement. 

Vessel
Lives and Salvage Values 

The
carrying value of each of the Company s vessels represents its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less depreciation
calculated using an estimated useful life of 25 years (except for new ATBs for which estimated useful lives of 30 years are used) from
the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard or 20 years from the date the Company s ATBs were rebuilt. A vessel s
carrying value is reduced to its new cost basis (i.e. its current fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. 

If
the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company s vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, an extended period
of weak markets, the broad imposition of age restrictions by the Company s customers, or other future events, it could result in
higher depreciation expense and impairment losses in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any affected vessels.
See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further details. 

30 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

The
United States has not adopted the Hong Kong International Convention for the Safe and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships (the Convention ).
While the Convention is not in effect in the United States, the EPA and the MARAD have, from time to time, required the owners of U.S.
Flag vessels to make certifications regarding the presence of certain toxic substances onboard vessels that they are seeking to sell
to parties who (a) are not citizens of the United States and (b) intend to recycle the vessels after they have been purchased (the Recycling
Purchasers ). In the event that more stringent requirements are imposed upon the owners of U.S. Flag vessels seeking to sell their
vessels to the Recycling Purchasers, such requirements could (a) negatively impact the sales prices obtainable from the Recycling Purchasers
or (b) require companies, including OSG, to incur additional costs in order to sell their U.S. Flag vessels to the Recycling Purchasers
or to other foreign buyers intending to use such vessels for further trading. 

Intangible
Assets 

The
Company allocates the cost of acquired companies to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired, with the
remaining amount being classified as goodwill. The Company s intangible assets represent long-term customer relationships acquired
as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. See Note 9, Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value Disclosures, for further
discussion. 

Drydocking 

Within
the shipping industry, there are two methods that are used to account for dry dockings: (1) capitalize drydocking costs as incurred (deferral
method) and amortize such costs over the period to the next scheduled drydocking, and (2) expense drydocking costs as incurred. Since
drydocking cycles typically extend over two and a half years or five years, management uses the deferral method because management believes
it provides a better matching of revenues and expenses than the expense-as-incurred method. 

Newly
Issued Accounting Standards 

See
Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements set forth
in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

Income
Taxes, Deferred Tax Assets and Valuation Allowance 

Our
income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best assessment
of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes only in the U.S. Significant judgments and estimates are required
in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 

Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and from events
that have been recognized in the financial statements and will result in taxable or deductible amounts based on provisions of the tax
law in different periods. In evaluating our ability to recover our net deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise,
we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. A valuation allowance is established to the extent it is more
likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect
recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. 

31 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Pension
Benefits 

In
connection with the acquisition of Maritrans in November 2006, the Company assumed the obligations under the noncontributory defined
benefit pension plan that covered eligible employees of Maritrans (the Maritrans Plan ). The Company froze the benefits
payable under the Maritrans Plan as of December 31, 2006. The Company has recorded pension benefit costs based on assumptions and
valuations developed with the support of its actuarial consultants. These valuations are based on estimates and key assumptions,
including those related to the discount rates, the rates expected to be earned on investments of plan assets and the life
expectancy/mortality of plan participants. OSG is required to consider market conditions in selecting a discount rate that is
representative of the rates of return currently available on high-quality fixed income investments. A higher discount rate would
result in a lower benefit obligation and a lower rate would result in a higher benefit obligation. The expected rate of return on
plan assets is management s best estimate of expected returns on plan assets. A decrease in the expected rate of return will
increase net periodic benefit costs and an increase in the expected rate of return will decrease benefit costs. The mortality
assumption is management s best estimate of the expected duration of future benefit payments at the measurement date. The
estimate is based on the specific demographics and other relevant facts and circumstances of the participants in the Maritrans Plan
and considers all relevant information available at the measurement date. Longer life expectancies would result in higher benefit
obligations and a decrease in life expectancies would result in lower benefit obligations. 

In
determining the benefit obligations at the end of the year measurement date, the Company continues to use the equivalent single weighted-average
discount rate, rounded to the nearest 5 basis points, that best matches projected benefit payments. See Note 15, Pension and Other
Postretirement Benefit Plans, for further discussion on the Company s pension plans. 

Vessel
Impairment, Including Right-of-Use Assets 

The
carrying values of the Company s vessels may not represent their fair market value or the amount that could be obtained by selling
the vessel at any point in time since the market prices of second-hand vessels tend to fluctuate with changes in charter rates and the
cost of newbuilds. Historically, both charter rates and vessel values tend to be cyclical. Management evaluates the carrying amounts
of vessels held and used by the Company for impairment only when it determines that it will sell a vessel or when events or changes in
circumstances occur that cause management to believe that future cash flows for any individual vessel may be less than its carrying value.
In such instances, an impairment charge would be recognized if the estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result
from the use of the vessel and its eventual disposition is less than the vessel s carrying amount. This assessment is made at the
individual vessel level as separately identifiable cash flow information for each vessel is available. 

In
developing estimates of future cash flows, the Company must make assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions being
related to charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful
lives of the vessels. These assumptions are based on historical trends as well as future expectations. Specifically, in estimating future
charter rates, management takes into consideration rates currently in effect for existing time charters and estimated daily time charter
equivalent rates for each vessel class for the unfixed days over the estimated remaining lives of each of the vessels. The estimated
daily time charter equivalent rates used for unfixed days beyond the expiry of any current time charters are based on internally forecasted
rates that take into consideration average annual rates published by a third-party maritime research service and are consistent with
forecasts provided to the Company s senior management and Board of Directors. The internally forecasted rates are based on management s
evaluation of current economic data and trends in the shipping and oil and gas industries. Recognizing that the transportation of crude
oil and petroleum products is cyclical and subject to significant volatility based on factors beyond the Company s control, management
believes the use of estimates based on the internally forecasted rates to be reasonable. 

Estimated
outflows for operating expenses and drydocking requirements are based on historical and budgeted costs and are adjusted for assumed inflation.
Utilization is based on historical levels achieved and anticipated future demand. Estimates of a residual value are consistent with the
pattern of recycling rates used in management s evaluation of salvage value. 

In
estimating the fair value of vessels for the purposes of the impairment tests, the Company utilizes estimates of discounted future cash
flows for each of the vessels (income approach) since the secondhand sale and purchase market for the type of U.S. Flag vessels owned
by OSG is not considered to be robust. See Note 9, Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value Disclosures, for further discussion. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable due to our status as a smaller reporting company. 

32 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
8. 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Years
 Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Page 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 34 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 35 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 36 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 37 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity/(Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 38 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 39 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 
 65 

33 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Voyage receivables, including unbilled of 
 and ,
 net of reserve for doubtful accounts 

Income tax recoverable 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventories and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Vessels and other property, less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Deferred drydock expenditures, net 

Total Vessels, Deferred Drydock and Other Property 

Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Investment security to be held to maturity 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Current installments of long-term debt 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Reserve for uncertain tax positions 

Long-term debt, net 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 - 
 - 

Equity: 

Common stock - Class A par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding) 

Paid-in additional capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, shares, at cost 

Stockholder s Equity Subtotal 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

34 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Shipping Revenues: 

Time charter revenues 

Voyage charter revenues 

Total Shipping Revenue 

Operating Expenses: 

Voyage expenses 

Vessel expenses 

Charter hire expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Bad debt recovery 

Loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income/(loss) from vessel operations 

Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

Other income, net 

Income/(loss) before interest expense and income taxes 

Interest expense, net 

Income/(loss) before income taxes 

Income tax (expense)/benefit 

Net income/(loss) 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic - Class A 

Diluted - Class A 

Per Share Amounts: 

Basic net income/(loss) - Class A 

Diluted net income/(loss) - Class A 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

35 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income/(loss) 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of taxes: 

Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: 

Net change in unrecognized prior service costs 

Net change in unrecognized actuarial gain 

Other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income/(loss) 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

36 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income/(loss) 

Items included in net income not affecting cash flows: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt recovery 

Amortization of debt discount and other deferred financing costs 

Compensation relating to restricted stock, stock unit and stock option grants 

Deferred income tax expense/(benefit) 

Interest on finance lease liabilities 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Items included in net income related to investing and financing activities: 

Loss on extinguishment and prepayments of debt, net 

Loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net 

Payments for drydocking 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Increase in receivables 

Decrease in income tax receivable 

Increase in deferred revenue 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Expenditures for vessels and vessel improvements 

Purchase of investment security to be held to maturity 

Proceeds from disposal of vessels and other property 

Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payments on debt 

Tax withholding on share-based awards 

Payments on principal portion of finance lease liabilities 

Deferred financing costs paid for debt amendments 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Extinguishment of debt and prepayments 

Issuance of debt, net of issuance and deferred financing costs 

Extinguishment of debt costs paid 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

37 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in Additional Capital 
 Retained Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

Issuance and vesting of restricted stock awards 

Taxes withheld and forfeitures of restricted stock awards 

Compensation related to Class A restricted stock awards 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Net income 

Net income(loss) 

Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

Issuance and vesting of restricted stock awards 

Taxes withheld and forfeitures of restricted stock awards 

Compensation related to Class A restricted stock awards 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

38 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS 

. 

Other
 property, including leasehold improvements, are recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms
 of the leases or the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from to years. 

Interest
 costs are capitalized to vessels and other property during the period when vessels are under construction and projects are in progress.
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest costs capitalized were and , respectively. 

Expenditures
 incurred during a drydocking are deferred and amortized on the straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms of the leases or
 the period until the next scheduled drydocking, generally two and a half to five years. The Company only includes in deferred drydocking
 costs those direct costs that are incurred as part of the drydocking to meet regulatory requirements, or are expenditures that add
 economic life to the vessel, increase the vessel s earnings capacity or improve the vessel s efficiency. Direct costs
 include shipyard costs as well as the costs of placing the vessel in the shipyard. Expenditures for normal maintenance and repairs,
 whether incurred as part of the drydocking or not, are expensed as incurred. 

The
 carrying value of each of the Company s vessels represents its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less
 depreciation calculated using estimated useful lives from the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard or from
 the date (as in the case of certain of the Company s ATBs) a vessel was rebuilt. A vessel s carrying value is reduced
 to its new cost basis (i.e., its current fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. 

If
 the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company s vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, a prolonged
 weak market environment, a broad imposition of age restrictions by the Company s customers, or other future events, it could
 result in higher depreciation expense and impairment losses in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any affected
 vessels. 

of internal use software during 2022. The capitalized costs less accumulated depreciation of 
 is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and are being amortized on the straight-line
 basis over their estimated useful lives of . 

and relating to the Company s term loans are netted against long-term debt in the
 consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest expense relating to the amortization of deferred
 financing charges amounted to in 2022 and in 2021. 

in 2022 and 
 in 2021. 

and , respectively. 

During
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had two individual customers who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s
 revenues. The customers and their related percentages were Hilcorp North Slope LLC and Valero Marketing and Supply Company
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and Hilcorp North Slope LLC and BP Products North America Inc. for the
 year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
 Company s cash and cash equivalents balances generally exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. Cash
 and cash equivalents are placed in what the Company believes to be creditworthy financial institutions. In addition, certain of the
 Company s money market accounts invest in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government
 or its agencies. 

likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

per share to be nominal, warrant proceeds are ignored, and the
shares issuable upon Class A warrant exercises are included in the calculation of basic weighted average common shares outstanding for
all periods. 

The
computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the issuance of common stock for all potentially dilutive stock options and restricted
stock units. 

Class
A 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock issuable under outstanding restricted stock units and 
shares of Class A common stock issuable under outstanding options, both of which are considered to be potentially dilutive securities.
As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issuable under outstanding restricted stock units and 
shares of Class A common stock issuable under outstanding options, both of which are considered to be potentially dilutive securities. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Class A common stock - basic 

Class A common stock - diluted 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were dilutive equity awards outstanding covering shares. Awards of shares (related
to restricted stock units and stock options) were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because inclusion of
these awards would be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2021, awards under which 
shares may be issued related to restricted stock units and stock options were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share because inclusion of these awards would be anti-dilutive due to a net loss during the period. 

U.S.
Maritime Security Program 

of the Company s U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program MSP ), which is designed
to ensure that privately-owned, military-useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war
or national emergency. The Company considers the MSP contract with the U.S. government a service arrangement under ASC 606. Under this
arrangement, the Company receives a stipend pursuant to the Maritime Security Act of 1996 for each participating vessel, subject in each
case to annual congressional appropriations. The stipend is intended to reimburse owners for the additional costs of operating U.S. Flag
vessels; therefore, the Company has presented this stipend as an offset to vessel expenses. 

Contracts
of Affreightment 

The
Company enters into COAs to provide transportation services between specified points
for a stated quantity of cargo over a specific time period, but without designating voyage schedules. The Company has COAs
to provide for lightering services and other arrangements based on the number of voyages. These contracts are service contracts within
the scope of ASC 606 for which the underlying performance obligation is satisfied as transportation services are provided. 

The
Company s COAs include minimum purchase requirements from customers that are expressed in either fixed monthly barrels, annual
minimum barrel volume requirements or annual minimum number of voyages to complete. The Company is required to transport and the charterer
is required to provide the Company with a minimum volume requirement. 

 COAs
provide the charterer with the opportunity to purchase additional transportation services above the minimum. If this is not considered
a material right, the Company recognizes revenue related to the additional services at the contractual rate as the product is transferred
over time. If the additional transportation service is considered a material right, the Company allocates the transaction price to the
material right. As a result, the Company may recognize revenue related to COAs at an amount different from the invoiced amount if the
Company s estimated volume to be transported under the contract exceeds the contractual minimum. 

COAs
also include variable consideration primarily related to demurrage. The Company does not include this variable consideration in the transaction
price for these contracts as the consideration is constrained since the obligation to deliver this service is outside the control of
the Company. The uncertainty related to this variable consideration is resolved with the customer over the course of the contract term
as individual voyages discharge. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have deferred revenue related to the Company s COAs. 

Disaggregated
Revenue 

The
Company has disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Consequently, the disaggregation below is based on contract type. Since the
terms within these contract types are generally standard in nature, the Company does not believe that further disaggregation would result
in increased insight into the economic factors impacting revenue and cash flows. 

Voyage charter revenues (1) 

Contracts of affreightment revenues 

Total shipping revenues 

(1) 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Voyage
Receivables 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, contract balances from contracts with customers consisted of voyage receivables of 
and , respectively, net of reserves for doubtful accounts for voyage charters and lightering contracts, which were not material.
For voyage charters, voyage freight is due to the Company upon completion of discharge at the last discharge port. For lightering contracts,
the Company invoices the customers based on the actual barrels of cargo lightered. The Company routinely reviews its voyage receivables
and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts; however, those provisions are estimates and actual results could differ from those
estimates and those differences may be material. Voyage receivables are removed from accounts receivable and the reserve for doubtful
accounts when they are deemed uncollectible. The Company deems voyage receivables uncollectible when the Company has exhausted collection
efforts. 

Costs
to Fulfill a Contract 

Under
ASC 606, for voyage charters and COAs, the Company capitalizes the direct costs, which are voyage expenses, of
relocating the vessel to the load port to be amortized during transport of the cargo. At December
31, 2022, the costs related to voyages that were not yet completed were not material. 

Additionally,
these contracts include out-of-pocket expense (i.e. fuel, port charges, canal tolls) incurred by the Company in fulfilling its performance
obligations, which are reimbursed by the charterer at cost. The reimbursement for these fulfillment costs are included in the Company s
estimated transaction price for the contract and recognized as revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. 

Transaction
Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to recognize revenue of approximately in 2023 under COAs. This estimated amount relates
to the fixed consideration of contractual minimums within the contracts based on the Company s estimate of future services. 

Practical
Expedients and Exemptions 

The
Company s voyage charter contracts and some of the Company s COAs have an original expected duration of one year or less;
therefore, the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient, which permits the Company to not disclose the portion of the transaction
price allocated to the remaining performance obligations within these COAs. 

The
Company expenses broker commissions for voyage charters, which are costs of obtaining a contract, as they are incurred because the amortization
period is less than one year or are otherwise amortized as the underlying performance obligation is satisfied. The Company records these
costs within voyage expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Accumulated depreciation 

Vessels, net 

Construction in progress 

Finance lease right-of-use asset, at cost (Note 14) 

Accumulated amortization (Note 14) 

Finance lease right-of use asset, net (Note 14) 

Other property, at cost 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Other property, net 

Total vessels and other property 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company s one owned Marshall Island flagged non-Jones Act MR tanker, the Overseas Sun Coast , was officially
documented as a U.S. Flag vessel, joining the rest of the Company s U.S. Flag fleet. 

In
June 2021, the Company sold the Overseas Gulf Coast for ,
net of broker commissions and other fees, resulting in a loss of , which is included
in loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company s owned vessel fleet with a weighted average age of years, consisted of five Handysize Product
Carriers, three crude oil tankers, two lightering ATBs and two ATBs. These vessels were pledged as collateral under term loan agreements
and have an aggregate carrying value of . 

Transfers from construction in progress 

Depreciation 

Disposals 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Transfers from construction in progress 

Additions 

Depreciation 

Disposals 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
total of vessel additions can be different from expenditures for vessels as shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows because
of the timing of when payments were made. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had approximately and of non-cash investing activities for the accrual of capital expenditures related to the Company s
vessels. 

Additions 

Drydock amortization 

Balance at December 31 

Amortization 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Amortization 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company s intangible assets at December 31,
2022 and 2021 consist of long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The gross intangible
assets were at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The unamortized balance of the Company s intangible assets at December 31, 2022
will be recognized over the remaining useful life, which is . Amortization of intangible assets for the four years subsequent
to December 31, 2022 is expected to approximate per year. 

Term loan, , net of unamortized deferred costs of and 

Alaska tankers term loan, , net of unamortized deferred costs of and 

OSG 204 LLC term loan, , net of unamortized deferred costs of and 

OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, , net of unamortized deferred costs of and 

Unsecured senior notes, net of unamortized deferred costs 

Term loan, , net of unamortized deferred costs of and 

Total debt 

Less current installments of long-term debt 

Total long-term debt 

The
weighted average interest rate for debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Term
Loans 

Capitalized
terms used hereafter have the meaning given in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the respective transaction 

 documents
referred to below, including subsequent amendments thereto. 

Term
loan, due 2028 - On September 29, 2021, certain subsidiaries (the Borrowers of the Company entered into a seven-year, term loan credit facility with Stonebriar Commercial Finance. Proceeds were
used to pay off the Company s term loan, , with The Prudential Insurance Company of America, as administrative agent, and
certain other lenders, and the Company s term loan, , with Wintrust Commercial Finance, for and , respectively.
Additionally, the Company used proceeds to make a prepayment of , to partially prepay a term loan with Banc of America Leasing
 Capital, LLC, the Company s Alaska tankers term loan, . The remaining proceeds were used for general working capital
purposes. The Company recognized an aggregate net loss of on these transactions, which reflects a write-off of unamortized deferred
financing costs and prepayment fees. The new term loan bears interest at a rate of and matures on . The
performance of the Borrowers obligations under the term loan is guaranteed by the Company and certain other subsidiaries and are
secured by the Borrowers assets, including five tankers, three tugs, and two barges, and by the Company s equity interests
in certain of its subsidiaries. 

OSG
205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, due 2027 - In November 2020, two of the Company s subsidiaries, OSG 205 LLC and
OSG Courageous II LLC, entered into a construction loan in the original principal amount of of which was drawn down to
finance a new 204,000-barrel U.S. Flag oil and chemical ATB barge, OSG 205 , and to refinance the tug to which the barge is being
paired, the OSG Courageous. On December 3, 2020, upon completion and delivery of the OSG
205, the remainder of the construction loan was drawn down and the construction loan was converted to a term loan. The term loan
had a fixed rate of interest of . In March 2021, the Company obtained an amendment for certain financial covenants of the term loan.
 The loan is guaranteed
by the Company and has a term maturing on . The lenders hold a perfected first priority security interest
and preferred ship mortgage against the barge and tug. In November 2021, the Company completed an amendment on the term loan to conform
the covenants with the Stonebriar loan. 

OSG
204 LLC term loan, due 2025 - In June 2020, one of the Company s subsidiaries, OSG 204 LLC, entered into a loan with Wintrust
Commercial Finance in the aggregate original principal amount of to finance a new 204,000-barrel U.S. Flag oil and chemical ATB
barge. The loan had a fixed interest rate of . On November 5, 2021, the Company amended the loan to conform
the covenants with the Stonebriar loan . In connection with the amendment, the Company
made a prepayment of on the outstanding balance of the loan and the loan s interest rate was updated to a fixed interest
rate of . The loan is guaranteed by the Company and has a maturing on . The lender holds a perfected
first priority security interest and preferred ship mortgage against the vessel. 

Alaska
tankers term loan, due 2025 - On March 12, 2020, the Company entered into a loan with Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC
and other syndicate lenders in the aggregate original principal amount of to finance the purchase of three U.S.-flagged crude
oil carrier vessels, the Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend , and Alaskan Navigator . The loan is secured by first preferred
ship mortgages on the vessels. On September 29, 2021, the Company made a prepayment of to release the Alaskan Legend as
security. The loan bears a fixed rate of interest of and has a maturity date of . In November 2021 , the Company completed an amendment on the term loan to conform the
covenants with the Stonebriar loan. 

Term
loan, due 2024 - In August 2019, two of the Company s subsidiaries entered into term loans in an aggregate principal amount
of with a term maturing on to finance the Overseas Gulf Coast and the Overseas Sun Coast.
 On July 30, 2020, the Company repaid, using cash on hand, its term loan secured by the Overseas Gulf Coast . The remaining
term loan is secured by a first preferred ship mortgage on the Overseas Sun Coast and a guaranty by the Company. The term loan
bears a fixed rate of interest of . In November 2021, the Company completed an amendment on the term loan to conform the covenants
with the Stonebriar loan. 

Term
loan, due 2023 In December 2018, the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a term loan with PGIM, Inc. as
Administrative Agent for a syndication of lenders, which was secured by a guarantee from the Company. The loan had an aggregate original
principal amount of and a . As discussed above, this loan was paid off in September 2021. 

Term
loan, due 2026 In November 2018, two of the Company s subsidiaries, Mykonos Tanker LLC and Santorini Tanker LLC, entered
into a loan with Wintrust Commercial Finance which was guaranteed by the Company. The loan had an aggregate original principal amount
of and a . As discussed above, this loan was paid off in September 2021. 

Unsecured
Senior Notes 

Notes The unsecured senior notes were issued on March 7, 2003 and consisted of in face value, which are due on . 

Interest
Expense 

Alaska tankers term loan, due 2025 

OSG 204 LLC term loan, due 2025 

OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, due 2027 

Unsecured senior notes 

Term loan, due 2028 

Term loan, due 2023 

Term loan, due 2026 

Total interest expense on debt facilities 

Cash
paid for interest expense was and in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

U.S. Treasury Note for , with a maturity date of . The U.S. Treasury
Note is classified as investment in security to be held to maturity and is carried at amortized cost on the consolidated balance sheets,
as the Company has the intent and ability to hold until maturity. The amortized cost, gross unrealized loss, and fair value of the U.S.
Treasury Note at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Other-Than-Temporarily
Impaired OTTI 

The
Company performed quarterly reviews of the U.S. Treasury Note in order to determine whether the decline in fair value below the amortized
cost basis was considered other-than-temporary in accordance with applicable guidance. At December 31, 2022, the Company determined that
the unrealized loss on the U.S. Treasury Note was primarily due to increases in interest rates. Therefore, there was no OTTI loss recognized
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

U.S. Treasury Note 

Total 

Liabilities 

Term loan, due 2024, net 

Alaska tankers term loan, due 2025, net 

OSG 204 LLC term loan, due 2025, net 

OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, due 2027, net 

Term loan, due 2028, net 

Unsecured senior notes, net 

Total 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 
 December 31, 2021: 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents (1) 

Total 

Liabilities 

Term loan, due 2024, net 

Alaska tankers term loan, due 2025, net 

OSG 204 LLC term loan, due 2025, net 

OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, due 2027, net 

Term loan, due 2028, net 

Unsecured senior notes, net 

Total 

(1) and at December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was related to the Company s
 unsecured senior notes. 

Nonfinancial
Instruments that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Vessel
Impairments 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company gave consideration as to whether events or changes in circumstances had occurred that could
indicate the carrying amounts of the vessels in the Company s fleet may not be recoverable. The Company concluded that no such
events or changes in circumstances had occurred. 

During
the third quarter of 2021, the Company gave consideration as to whether events or changes in circumstances had occurred that could indicate
that the carrying amounts of the Company s operating lease right-of-use assets may not be fully recoverable. The Company concluded
that the decline in previously forecasted cash flows on two of the Company s leased vessels, due to a change in the expected deployment,
constituted an impairment triggering event during the third quarter of 2021. Based on the Company s analysis, an impairment charge
of , which is included in loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net on the consolidated statements
of operations, was recorded to reduce the carrying value of the operating lease right-of-use assets to the estimated fair value. The
Company s undiscounted cash flows are highly subjective as future expected deployment of the vessels is uncertain. If market conditions
decline, changes in the Company s expectations on future cash flows may result in recognition of additional impairment charges
in future periods. Because the Company uses its own cash flow projections, the cash flow projections are considered to be Level 3. 

Valuation
of Intangible Assets 

The
Company s intangible assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the
2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The long-term customer relationships are being amortized on a straight-line basis over 20 years. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company gave consideration as to whether events or changes in circumstances had occurred
that could indicate the carrying value of the Company s intangible assets may not be recoverable. The Company concluded that no
such events or changes in circumstances had occurred. 

Payroll and benefits 

Interest 

Insurance 

Accrued drydock and repair costs 

Bunkers and lubricants 

Charter revenues received in advance 

Accrued vessel expenses 

Accrued general and administrative, primarily professional fees 

Other 

Accounts payable and
 other accrued liabilities, current 

Current - State 

Deferred - Federal 

Deferred - State 

Total 

Adjustments due to: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Equity awards 

Return to provision 

U.S. income subject to tonnage tax 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of income from the Overseas Mykonos and Overseas
Santorini was excluded as part of the tonnage tax exclusion resulting in a ) and , respectively, impact on the Company s
effective tax rate. 

Prepaid expenditures 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other-net 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets: 

Loss carryforwards 

Operating lease liability 

Finance lease liability 

Employee compensation and benefit plans 

Financing and professional fees 

Accrued expenses and other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

(1) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of which are available to reduce future
taxes, if any. The federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in . Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company
had U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of . Included in the financing and professional fees deferred income assets above are U.S.
federal interest expense deductions with an indefinite carryforward period. 

The
Company assessed all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated
to permit use of existing deferred tax assets. For U.S. federal deferred tax assets, the Company concluded that sufficient positive evidence
existed, primarily the result of reversing deferred tax liabilities during the carryover period. However, for certain state deferred
tax assets, the negative evidence has outweighed the positive evidence which has resulted in the Company establishing a valuation allowance
of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is
more likely than not to be realized. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid income taxes (net of refunds received) of and , respectively. 

Increases/(decreases) for positions taken in prior years 

Balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 

Included
in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are and , respectively, of tax benefits that,
if recognized would affect the effective tax rate. 

The
Company records interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties
are included within the related liability for unrecognized tax benefit line on the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued interest and recorded liabilities for interest and penalties which were not material
to the consolidated financial statements. 

After
taking into consideration tax attributes, such as net operating loss carryforwards and interest, the Company s unrecognized tax
benefits represent a noncurrent reserve for uncertain tax positions of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

With
few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2017.
The Company conducts business and files income tax returns in numerous states. Currently, one of the Company s state tax returns
is under examination by a state as part of routine audits conducted in the ordinary course of business. The future utilization of state
net operating losses could potentially subject the Company to state examinations prior to the otherwise applicable statute of limitation.
States vary in carryforward periods but generally extend up to 20 years or a period consistent with the federal limits under the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act. 

of the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company must be owned by U.S. citizens. At and
during such time that the limit is reached with respect to shares of Class A common stock as applicable, we will be unable to issue any
further shares of such class of common stock or approve transfers of such class of common stock to non-U.S. citizens until the holdings
of non-U.S. citizens falls below the maximum percentage allowable. 

Share
Repurchases 

On
June 13, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a program to purchase up to shares of the Company s
common stock. Under the program, the Company repurchased shares from time to time in open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions. The program was completed in October 2022 and the Company spent
 to repurchase the shares at an average price of . 

In
November 2022, the Company purchased shares of the Company s common stock from Cyrus Capital, a major stockholder, at a price of per
share for a total of using excess cash. The purchase price for the shares was determined based on the trailing three day volume
weighted average price at the market closing on November 10, 2022. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units RSUs ), the Company
withheld and , respectively, shares of Class A common stock at average prices of and per share (based on the
market prices on the dates of vesting), respectively, from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes. 

Warrant
Conversions 

Each
Class A warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Class A common stock, subject in each case to the adjustments as provided
pursuant to the terms thereof. The warrants may be exercised at a price per share of Class A common stock, as applicable, of , which
shall be paid pursuant to a cashless exercise procedure. Warrants may be exercised at any time or from time to time on or before August
5, 2039 and will expire thereafter. Until they exercise their warrants, except as otherwise provided in the warrants, the holders of
the warrants will not have the rights or privileges of holders of the Company s common stock, including any voting rights. Warrants
may only be exercised by holders who establish to OSG s reasonable satisfaction that they or the person designated to receive the
shares is a U.S. person or to the extent shares deliverable upon exercise would not constitute Non-Complying Shares (as defined in OSG s
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had Class A warrants outstanding,
convertible into shares of Class A common stock. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of Class A common stock, respectively, as a result
of the exercise of and Class A warrants, respectively. 

Incentive
Plans 

On
September 23, 2014, the Company s Compensation Committee the Committee approved the Overseas Shipholding Group,
Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan (the Management Compensation Plan and the Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.
Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan (the Director Plan ). OSG stockholders approved these plans on June 9,
2015. On June 6, 2017, at the annual stockholders meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an increase to the maximum number
of shares for issuance under the Director Plan by shares. The 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan for Management 2019 Incentive Plan was approved by the Committee on March 22, 2019, by our Board on April 4, 2019 and then by the Company s
stockholders at the annual meeting on May 30, 2019 (together with the Management Compensation Plan and Non-employee Director Incentive
Compensation Plan, the Incentive Plans ). On June 1, 2022, at the annual stockholders meeting, the Company s stockholders
approved an increase to the maximum number of shares for issuance under the 2019 Incentive Plan by five million shares. 

The
Incentive Plans contain anti-dilution provisions whereby in the event of any change in the capitalization of the Company, the number
and type of securities underlying outstanding share-based payment awards must be adjusted, as appropriate, in order to prevent dilution
or enlargement of rights. The impact of these provisions resulted in a modification of all outstanding share-based payment awards upon
the stock dividend, reverse stock split and spin-off transactions. As the fair value of the awards immediately after the stock dividend,
reverse stock split and spin off transactions, did not increase when compared to the fair value of such awards immediately prior to such
transactions, no incremental compensation costs were recognized as a result of such modifications. 

The
purpose of the Incentive Plans is to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders by providing certain employees and members
of the Board, who are largely responsible for the management, growth and protection of the business of the Company, with incentives and
rewards to encourage them to continue in the service of the Company. The Incentive Plans permit the Committee to grant to eligible employees
and directors of the Company, as applicable, any of the following types of awards (or any combination thereof): cash incentive awards,
nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options and other stock-based awards, including, without limitation, stock appreciation rights,
phantom stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, deferred share units and share-denominated performance units. 

Stock
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock compensation expense in accordance with the fair value based method required by ASC 718, Compensation 
Stock Compensation . Such fair value based method requires share based payment transactions to be measured based on the fair value
of the equity instruments issued. 

Director
Compensation - Restricted Stock Units 

The
Company awarded a total of and RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to its non-employee
directors. The grant date fair values of these awards were (2022) and (2021) per RSU, respectively. Such RSUs vest in full
on the earlier of the next annual meeting of the stockholders or the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to each director continuing
to provide services to the Company through such date. The RSUs granted may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered
prior to vesting. Upon vesting, a holder of restricted share awards has all the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the
right to vote such shares and the right to receive dividends paid with respect to such shares at the same time as common stockholders
generally. RSUs which have not become vested as of the date the grantee s service on the Board of Directors terminates will be
forfeited and the grantee will have no further rights with respect to the RSUs. 

Management
Compensation 

Restricted
Stock Units 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted RSUs to its employees, including senior officers, covering and
 shares, respectively. The grant date fair values of these awards were (2022) and (2021) per RSU, respectively. Each
RSU represents a contingent right to receive one share of Class A common stock upon vesting. Each award of RSUs will vest in equal installments
on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. RSUs may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered until
they are settled. Settlement of vested RSUs may be in either shares of Class A common stock or cash, as determined at the discretion
of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and will occur as soon as practicable after the vesting date. If the RSUs are settled
in shares of common stock, following the settlement of such shares, the grantee will be the record owner of the shares of Class A common
stock and will have all the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote such shares and the right to receive
dividends paid with respect to such shares of Class A common stock. RSUs which have not become vested as of the date of a grantee s
termination from the Company will be forfeited without the payment of any consideration, unless otherwise provided for. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company awarded performance-based RSUs to its senior officers covering and 
shares, respectively. Each performance-based RSU represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based upon continuous employment through
the end of a three-year performance period and will vest as follows: (i) one-half of the target RSUs will vest and become nonforfeitable
subject to OSG s return on invested capital ROIC performance in the three-year ROIC performance period relative
to a target rate (the ROIC Target set forth in the award agreements (which define ROIC as net operating profit after taxes
divided by the net of total debt plus shareholders equity less cash); and (ii) one-half of the target RSUs will be subject to OSG s
three-year total shareholder return TSR Target performance relative to that of a performance index over a three-year
TSR performance period. The performance index consists of companies that comprise a combination of the oil and gas storage and transportation
and marine GICS sub-industries indexes during the performance period. Vesting is subject in each case to certification by the Human Resources
and Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors as to achievement of the performance measures and targets. 

The
ROIC Target RSU awards and the TSR Target RSU awards are subject to an increase up to a maximum of and target RSUs combined,
respectively, and RSUs in total, respectively) or decrease, depending on performance against the applicable measure
and targets. Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, compensation costs have been recognized for these awards. The grant date fair
values of the performance awards, which have a market condition, were determined to be (2022) and (2021) per RSU, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company awarded RSUs to its senior officers covering shares. The grant date fair value
of these awards was . Each award of RSUs vest as follows: Each RSU represents a contingent
right to receive one share of Class A common stock upon vesting. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company awarded performance-based RSUs to its senior officers covering shares. The grant
date fair value of these awards was per RSU. Each performance-based RSU represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based on
performance criteria tied to specific operational and financial goals to be achieved over an 18-month performance period. 

For
the Incentive Plans, compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period, contingent or otherwise, applicable to each grant, using
the straight-line method. Compensation expense as a result of the RSUs described above was and during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested to per share) 

Forfeited to per share) 

Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested to per share) 

Forfeited to per share) 

Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Options Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
weighted average remaining contractual life of the outstanding stock options at December 31, 2022 was years. The range of exercise
prices of the stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was between and per share. The weighted average exercise price
of the stock options outstanding was per share at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

There
was no compensation expense as a result of the grants of stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements.
That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets follow: 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income 

Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Other income, net 
 
 Net periodic benefit costs associated with pension and postretirement benefit plans for seagoing employees 

Other income, net 

Total before tax 

Tax provision 

Total net of tax 

The
following amounts are included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2022, which have not yet been recognized in
net periodic cost: unrecognized prior service credits of net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial losse s
 net of tax). 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive income 

For the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive income 

to years. Many of the Company s leases contain one or more options to extend. The Company includes
options that it is reasonably certain to exercise in its evaluation of the lease term after considering all relevant economic and financial
factors and calculates the initial lease liability as the present value of fixed payments, or in substance fixed payments, not yet paid
and variable payments that are based on an index (e.g., CPI), measured at commencement. Leases are discounted using the Company s
incremental borrowing rate adjusted for risk based on the length of the lease term because the rate implicit in the lease is not readily
determinable. The Company made the accounting policy election to keep leases with a term of 12 months or less off the balance sheet. 

Office space noncurrent operating lease assets 

Total noncurrent operating lease assets 

Vessels chartered-in operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Office space operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease 

Vessels and other property 

Accumulated amortization 

Vessels and other property, less accumulated amortization 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Charters-in 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had commitments to charter-in vessels,
which are all bareboat charters. For the nine chartered-in vessels, eight vessels are accounted for as operating leases and one
vessel is accounted for as a finance lease. The finance lease arrangement is reported in vessels and other property, less
accumulated depreciation on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. . 

During 2022, charters for five chartered-in
vessels contained a deferred payment obligation DPO related to charter hire expense incurred by the Company
in prior years and payable to the vessel owner in future periods. This DPO is due in quarterly installments with the final payment due
upon lease termination. In December 2022, the Company redelivered three conventional tankers leased from American Shipping Company and
made DPO payments of on the returned vessels. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Net minimum lease payments 

Less present value discount 

Total lease liabilities 

The
bareboat charters-in on eight vessels, provide for variable lease payments in the form of profit share to the owners of the vessels
calculated in accordance with the respective charter agreements or based on time charter sublease revenue. Because such amounts and
the periods impacted are not reasonably estimable, they are not currently reflected in the table above. Due to reserve funding
requirements and current rate forecasts, no profits are currently expected to be paid to the owners in respect of the charter term
within the next year. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, lease expense for the Company s chartered-in vessels accounted for as operating leases
was and , respectively, which is included in charter hire expense on the consolidated statements of operations and operating
cash flows on the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company recognized sublease income of and , respectively,
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had non-cash operating activities
of and , respectively, for obtaining operating right-of-use assets and liabilities related to vessel lease extensions. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, lease expense related to the Company s finance lease was for both years related
to amortization of the right-of-use asset and and , respectively, related to interest on the lease liability. These are
included in operating cash flows on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Office
space 

The
Company has lease obligations for office space that generally require fixed annual rental payments and may also include escalation clauses
and renewal options. 

In
September 2022, the Company extended its lease on the Company s Tampa, Florida office space for an additional The lease is accounted for as an operating lease. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company had non-cash operating activity of for obtaining an operating right-of-use asset and liability as a result of the
lease extension. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Net minimum lease payments 

Less present value discount 

Total lease liabilities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the rental expense for office space, which is included in general and administrative expenses
on the consolidated statements of operations, was and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash paid
for office space rental was and , respectively, which is included in operating cash flows on the consolidated statements of
cash flows. 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

Weighted average remaining lease term - finance lease 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate - finance lease 

Charters-out 

The
Company enters into time charter contracts under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use
of a vessel. The Company recognizes revenues from time charters as operating leases ratably over the noncancelable contract term. Under
certain time charter contracts, the Company receives variable lease payments based on a defined profit share arrangement, which are recognized
as revenue in the period in which the changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments are based occur. Customers
generally pay voyage expenses such as fuel, canal tolls and port charges. The Company also provides the charterer with services such
as technical management and crew costs. Services are recognized ratably over the life of the contract term. 

The
Company is the lessor under its time charter contracts. Certain time charter contracts provide the charterer with the option to extend
the contract for a specific period of time. For time charters, the Company applied the practical expedient to combine the lease and non-lease
components for these contracts under ASC 842. Total time charter revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was equal to
lease income from lease payments of and , respectively, plus straight-line adjustments of and , respectively.
The net book value of owned vessels on noncancelable time charters was equal to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Net minimum lease receipts 

Revenues
from a time charter are not generally received when a vessel is off-hire, including time required for normal periodic maintenance of
the vessel. In arriving at the minimum future charter revenues, an estimated time off-hire to perform periodic maintenance on each vessel
has been deducted, although it cannot be assured that such estimate will be reflective of the actual off-hire in the future. 

Multiemployer
Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans 

The
Company s subsidiaries are parties to collective-bargaining agreements that require them to make contributions to three jointly
managed (Company and union) multiemployer pension plans covering seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels. All three plans, the American
Maritime Officers AMO Pension Plan, the Seafarers Pension Plan SIU and the Marine Engineers Beneficial
Association MEBA Defined Benefit Pension Plan, are deemed individually significant by management. 

(1) 
 (1) 

MEBA Pension Plan 
 51-6029896 
 (1) 
 (1) 

Seafarers Pension Plan 
 13-6100329 
 (1) 
 (1) 

Total contributions 

(1) and
 . A Green Zone Status plan is a plan that is funded or more. 

The
plan years for the three union plans end as follows: MEBA and SIU on December 31 and AMO on September 30. The Company has no future minimum
contribution requirements under the three multiemployer pension plans shown above as of December 31, 2022 and any future contributions
are subject to negotiations between the employers and the unions. 

ERISA
requires employers who are contributors to U.S. multiemployer plans to continue funding their allocable share of each plan s unfunded
vested benefits in the event of withdrawal from or termination of such plans. Based on information received from the trustees of the
SIU Pension Plan, the Company is not subject to withdrawal liabilities under that plan. Based on the actuarial report received from the
trustees of the MEBA Pension Plan, as of December 31, 2021, the Company s estimated withdrawal liability would have been approximately
 h ad the Company elected to withdraw from the plan in 2022. Based on the actuarial
report received from the trustees of the AMO Pension Plan, as of September 30, 2021, the Company s estimated withdrawal liability
would have been approximatel y had the Company elected to withdraw from the plan
in 2022. The Company has no intentions of terminating its participation in any of the three multiemployer pension plans and has no expectations
that the plans will be terminated. Accordingly, provisions have been made for the estimated withdrawal liability as of December 31,
2022. 

The
SIU Tug Agreement and AMO collective bargaining agreements for OSG expire in March 2024. The ATC MEBA collective bargaining agreement
expires in May 2024 and the SIU Tanker Agreement for OSG and MEBA for the Parent Company collective bargaining agreements expire
in June 2027. 

Postretirement
Benefit Plans 

The
Company also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to qualifying domestic retirees and their eligible
dependents OSG Postretirement Plan ). The health care plan for shore-based employees and their dependents and seagoing
licensed deck officers Deck Officers and their dependents is contributory at retirement, while the life insurance plan
for all employees is noncontributory. In general, postretirement medical coverage is provided to shore-based employees hired prior to
January 1, 2005 and all Deck Officers who retire and have met minimum age and service requirements under a formula related to total years
of service. The Company no longer provides prescription drug coverage to its retirees or their beneficiaries once they reach age 65.
The Company does not currently fund these benefit arrangements and has the right to amend or terminate the health care and life insurance
benefits at any time. 

Cost of benefits earned (service cost) 

Interest cost on benefit obligation 

Actuarial gains 

Benefits paid 

Plan Amendments 

Acquisition 

Benefit obligation at year end 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 

Fair value of plan assets at year end 

Funded/(unfunded status) at December 31 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Interest cost on benefit obligation 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of prior-service costs 

Recognized net actuarial loss 

Net periodic benefit cost 

The
selection of a single discount rate for the Maritrans Plan was derived from bond yield curves, which the Company believed as of such
dates to be appropriate for ongoing plans with a long duration, such as the Maritrans Plan, and that generally mirror the type of high
yield bond portfolio the Company could acquire to offset its obligations under the Maritrans Plan. 

Expected (long-term) return on plan assets 

The
assumed health care cost trend rate for measuring the benefit obligation included in Other Benefits above is an increase of as
of December 31, 2022, with the rate of increase declining to an ultimate trend rate of per annum by 2032. Assumed health care cost
trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Total 

The
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the current and expected asset allocations. Additionally, the long-term
rate of return is based on historical returns, investment strategy, inflation expectations and other economic factors. The expected long-term
rate of return is then applied to the market value of plan assets. 

Equity securities: 

Large cap exchange traded fund 

Small company - mid value 

Small company - mid growth 

International value 

International growth 

Fixed income and preferred stock: 

Short duration bond 

Intermediate term bond fund 

Small company - mid value - preferred stock 

Total 

Plan
fiduciaries of the Retirement Plan of Maritrans, Inc. set investment policies, strategies and oversee its investment allocation, which
includes selecting investment managers and setting long term strategic targets. The primary strategic investment objective is to maximize
total return while maintaining a broadly diversified portfolio for the primary purpose of satisfying obligations for future benefit payments.
Equities are the primary holdings of the Retirement Plan of Maritrans, Inc. Other investments, including fixed income investments, provide
diversification, and, in certain cases, lower the volatility of returns. In general, equity can range from to percent of total
plan assets, fixed income securities can range from to percent of total plan assets and cash can be held in amounts up to percent
of plan assets. Actual asset allocation within the approved ranges varies from time to time based on economic conditions (both current
and forecast) and the advice of professional advisors. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not make any contributions to the Maritrans Plan and contributed to the plan during
the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company does not expect to make any contributions to the Maritrans Plan in 2023. 

Defined
Contribution Plans 

The
Company also had defined contribution plans covering all eligible employees. Contributions are limited to amounts allowable for income
tax purposes. Commencing in 2006, employer contributions include both employer contributions made regardless of employee contributions
and matching contributions to the plans. All contributions to the plans are at the discretion of the Company. The Company s contributions
to the plan were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company also has an unfunded, nonqualified supplemental savings plan covering highly compensated U.S. shore-based employees of the Company,
which was terminated in connection with the Company s filing for bankruptcy in 2012. This plan provided for levels of hypothetical
employer contributions that would otherwise have been made under the Company s defined contribution plans in the absence of limitations
imposed by income tax regulations. The Company s unfunded obligations under this plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not material. 

Benefit
Liabilities 

As
part of the acquisition of Alaska Tanker Company in 2020, the Company assumed liabilities related to a deferred compensation plan. The
deferred compensation plan was an unfunded, nonqualified plan that allowed eligible employees to defer up to of their performance
bonuses, or defer up to minimum) of their salary, select investments for their deferral balances and determine when to be paid
out. Eligible employees can elect to receive payment either on a specified date, or on a specified date after termination of employment,
and either in a lump sum or annual installments, with a maximum deferral period of years. The balance of the deferred compensation
plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, of which and , respectively, is included in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and and , respectively, is included in other liabilities on the
consolidated balance sheets. 

Change in investment value 

Pension and postretirement items (1) 

Miscellaneous-net 

(1) 

64 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries
(the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss),
changes in equity/(deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ),
and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
9, 2023 

65 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on internal control over financial reporting 

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries
(the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 9, 2023
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis
for opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Tampa,
Florida 

 March
9, 2023 

66 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation
 of disclosure controls and procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation
of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, the Company s
CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms,
and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

(b) Management s
 report on internal control over financial reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for the establishment and maintenance of adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company.
Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s system of internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
with participation of the CEO and CFO, has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the provisions of Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Management has concluded the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

The
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Grant Thornton
LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. 

(c) Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

67 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

PART
III 

Dollar
amounts in Part III are expressed in whole dollars unless otherwise noted. 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

See
Item 14 below. 

Executive
Officers 

The
table below sets forth the name and age of each executive officer of the Company and the date such executive officer was elected to his
or her current position with the Company. The term of office of each executive officer continues until the first meeting of the Board
of Directors of the Company immediately following the next annual meeting of its stockholders, and until the election and qualification
of his or her successor. There are no family relationships between the executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 Held 
 
 Date
 Assumed Executive Officer Position 
 
 Samuel
 H. Norton 
 
 64 
 
 President
 and CEO 
 
 December
 2016 
 
 Richard
 Trueblood 
 
 77 
 
 Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 July
 2017 
 
 Susan
 Allan 
 
 60 
 
 Vice
 President, Secretary and General Counsel 
 
 November
 2016 
 
 Patrick
 O Halloran 
 
 53 
 
 Vice
 President and Chief Operations Officer 
 
 December
 2016 
 
 Damon
 Mote 
 
 55 
 
 Vice
 President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 December
 2016 

Samuel
H. Norton was appointed CEO and President of OSG in December 2016. Prior to this, he served as Senior Vice President of OSG and President
and CEO of the U.S. Flag Strategic Business Unit from July 2016 and has served on the Company s Board of Directors since August
2014. Prior to joining OSG, Mr. Norton Co-Founded SeaChange Maritime, LLC in 2006 and served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Norton spent the seventeen-year period ending July 2005 as a senior executive officer at Tanker Pacific Management (Singapore) Pte.
Ltd. In 1995, Mr. Norton initiated and led the entry of the Sammy Ofer Group into the container segment, and acquired and operated the
first container vessels in the group s fleet. While at Tanker Pacific, Mr. Norton also conceived and started a related business,
Tanker Pacific Offshore Terminals (TPOT), which owns and operates a fleet of floating, offshore oil storage terminals (FSO). Prior to
joining the Ofer group, Mr. Norton played a lead role in the Asian distressed assets group of the First National Bank of Boston, a position
which acquainted him with the shipping industry and the Ofer family. Mr. Norton holds a BA in Chinese Language and Literature from Dartmouth
College where he graduated in 1981. 

Richard
Trueblood, CPA, was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of OSG in December 2017, following his appointment as our interim CFO in July
2017. Prior to OSG, he was a Partner in the Florida CFO Group providing interim and project Chief Financial Officer services to companies
such as the technology start-up Heliotrope Technologies, Inc. He has been CFO at Advent Solar Inc. and Troon Golf LLC. He has extensive
experience with equity and debt financing with companies at all stages of development including NYSE listed Promus Hotel Corporation
where he was Senior Vice President - Finance. Mr. Trueblood was a partner at KPMG where he provided extensive services to clients in
strategic business management, mergers and acquisitions, divestitures and SEC compliance. While at KPMG, he led the real estate practices
in Boston, Massachusetts and Orange County, California. He also served as a director for UMB Bank Arizona, N.A. for eight years. Mr.
Trueblood holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Bentley University. 

Susan
Allan joined OSG in November 2016 as OSG s Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Ms. Allan has extensive experience
in corporate governance and SEC matters from her positions as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Secretary at Jabil Circuit, Inc. from
2009 until September 2016, and as Director, Senior Counsel at Tech Data Corporation from 1997 to 2009. Prior to that, Ms. Allan worked
as Director, Senior Counsel at Anchor Glass Container, as an Assistant County Attorney in the Hillsborough County Attorney s Office,
and as an associate attorney at Barkan and Neff law firm, all in Tampa. Ms. Allan received her law degree from the University of Southern
California Gould School of Law in Los Angeles and her undergraduate degree from George Mason University. 

Patrick
O Halloran was appointed as Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of all operations,
maintenance, SQE and commercial operations for the Company s Fleet. Prior to that, Mr. O Halloran served as Vice President
Marine Operations for the Company since December 2014. Mr. O Halloran joined OSG in November 2006 as Fleet Manager as part of the
acquisition of Maritrans Inc., where he served as Fleet Maintenance Manager. He joined Maritrans, Inc. in 2002 as Technical Superintendent.
Prior to joining Maritrans, Mr. O Halloran was a Surveyor for the American Bureau of Shipping for ten years. Mr. O Halloran
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from State University of New York Maritime College and a Master s
in Business Administration from the University of South Florida.and
the Chamber of Shipping of America. 

68 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Damon
Mote was appointed as Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of the Company s
marine labor relations, human resources, information technology service and insurance functions. Prior to that, Mr. Mote served as
Vice President of Marine Labor Relations since December 2014. Mr. Mote joined the Company in 2004 as Manager, Major Projects and
then served as Director, New Construction beginning in 2006. In 2011 he was appointed as the Regional Manager of the Technical
Services Group, which included responsibilities for engineering, purchasing, and the fleet management software system. Prior to
joining OSG, he worked for fourteen years with Crowley Maritime. Mr. Mote holds a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from
California Maritime Academy. Mr. Mote represents OSG on the Board of Trustees of SIU, AMO and MEBA. In addition, he is a Director of the American
Maritime Association. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

See
Item 14 below. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

See
Item 14 below. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

See
Item 14 below. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Except
for the information set forth in item 10, the information called for under Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated herein by reference
from the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed by the Company in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

69 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 
 The
 following consolidated financial statements of the Company are filed in response to Item 8. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity/(Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms. 

(a)(2) 
 The
 schedules of the Company have been omitted since they are not applicable or are not required. 

(a)(3) 
 The
 following exhibits are included in response to Item 15(b): 

2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2016, by and between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 9, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 Class A Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.2 
 Form of Class A Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.1). 

4.3 
 Class B Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A, as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.4 
 Form of Class B Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.2). 

4.5 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.6 
 Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to Registrant s Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.7 
 Indenture dated as of March 7, 2003 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, providing for the issuance of debt securities of the Registrant from time to time (filed as Exhibit 4(e)(1) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 5, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 333-105018) (filed May 5, 2003). Such Indenture is hereby modified, effective as of January 13, 2004, by deleting all references therein to Wilmington Trust Company , March 7, 2003 and any specific day, month and/or year and substituting therefore blank spaces. 

4.8 
 Form of First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 19, 2004 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 18, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 001-06479) (filed February 18, 2004). 

70 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

4.9 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.10 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.11 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50 Senior Notes I due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.12 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50 Senior Notes II due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.13 
 Description of Company s Common Stock. 

10.1 
 Supplemental Executive Savings Plan of the Registrant dated as of December 22, 2005, as amended by Amendment One effective as of January 1, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2008 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 001-06479) (filed March 2, 2009). 

10.2 
 Form of Director Indemnity Agreement for the directors of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy for Executive Officers (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (Subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (Not subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 
 Form of Officers Indemnity Agreement for the officers of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 
 Settlement, Release and Indemnity Agreement dated as of February 3, 2015 between the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 
 Separation Agreement dated July 29, 2016 between the Registrant and a former executive (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 
 Employment Agreement dated as of July 17, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 10, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.12 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

71 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

10.13 
 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Comprehensive Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement, Form StOp 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.14 
 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan approved by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 6, 2017, effective June 6, 2017. 

10.15 
 Letter Agreement dated as of July 17, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.16 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 4, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.17 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive. 

10.18 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement. 

10.19 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement. 

10.20 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form TB-Officer 20_. 

10.21 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB 20_-ROIC. 

10.22 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-TSR 20_. 

10.23 
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 15, 2018 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.24 
 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan for Management (filed as Appendix A to the Registrant s Form DEF 14A dated May 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.25 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Form Non-Employee Director. 

10.26 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 7, 2019 between Overseas Sun Coast LLC, subsidiary of Registrant, as borrower, and Pacific Western Bank, as lender. 

10.27 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 30, 2019 between Overseas Sun Coast LLC, subsidiary of Registrant, as borrower, and Pacific Western Bank, as lender. 

10.28 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form TB-Officer_. 

10.29 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-ROIC_. 

10.30 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-TSR_. 

10.31 
 Amendment No. 3 dated April 1, 2021 to Term Loan Credit Agreement dated December 21, 2018. 

10.32 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-2021 Special Grant. 

10.33 
 Non-Disclosure Agreement. 

10.34 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 29, 2021 by and among certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, as the borrowers, and Stonebriar Commercial Finance LLC, as lender. 

72 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

10.35 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form TB-Officer-rev. 2022. 

10.36 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-TSR-rev. 2022. 

10.37 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-ROIC-rev. 2022. 

10.38 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan for Management Time-Based Award Agreement Form Retention-TB-Officer. 

21 
 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema. 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) The
 Exhibits marked with one asterisk ) are a management contract or a compensatory plan or
 arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. 

(2) The
 Exhibits which have not previously been filed or listed are marked with two asterisks ). 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

73 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
March 9, 2023 

OVERSEAS
 SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 RICHARD TRUEBLOOD 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Vice
 President 

and
 Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each of such persons appoints Samuel H. Norton and Richard Trueblood, and
each of them, as his agents and attorneys-in-fact, in his name, place and stead in all capacities, to sign and file with the SEC any
amendments to this report and any exhibits and other documents in connection therewith, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such
attorneys-in-fact or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this power of attorney. 

Name 
 
 Date 

/s/
 SAMUEL H. NORTON 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Samuel
 H. Norton, Principal 

Executive
 Officer and Director 

/s/
 DOUGLAS D. WHEAT 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Douglas
 D. Wheat, Director 

/s/
 JOHN P. REDDY 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 John
 P. Reddy, Director 

/s/
 JOSEPH I. KRONSBERG 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 I. Kronsberg, Director 

/s/
 JULIE E. SILCOCK 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Julie
 E. Silcock, Director 

/s/
 ANJA L. MANUEL 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Anja
 L. Manuel, Director 

/s/
 GARY EUGENE TAYLOR 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Gary
 Eugene Taylor, Director 

/s/
 REBECCA DELAET 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 Rebecca
 DeLaet, Director 

74 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

The
following table lists all subsidiaries of OSG and all companies in which OSG directly or indirectly owns at least a 49 interest,
except for certain companies and subsidiaries which, if considered in the aggregate as a single entity, would not constitute a significant
subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

Company 
 
 Where
 Incorporated, 
 Organized or Domiciled 
 
 Akun
 Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alaska
Tanker Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Aptamus
 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Kiska
 Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Maritrans
 General Partner Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Maritrans
 Operating Company L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Mykonos
 Tanker LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 204 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 205 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Alaska LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 America L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 America LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 America Operating Company LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Bulk Ships, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 OSG
 Champa Bay Shipholding LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Courageous II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Delaware Bay Lightering LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Endurance LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Financial Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Maritrans Parent LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Product Tankers AVTC, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Product Tankers I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Product Tankers II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Product Tankers Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Product Tankers, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG
 Ship Management, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Anacortes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Boston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
Gulf Coast LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
Houston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
Key West LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
Long Beach LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
Los Angeles LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
Martinez LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
New York LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Nikiski LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 ST Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Overseas
 Sun Coast LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Tampa LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Texas City LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Santorini
 Tanker LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tagalak
 Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Unimak
 Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our reports dated March 9, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting included in the Annual Report of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent
to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-213035) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-266646, File No. 333-208736, File No. 333-237228 and File No. 333-238158). 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Tampa,
Florida 

 March
9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED 

I,
Samuel H. Norton, certify that: 

1 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 9, 2023 
 /s/
 SAMUEL H. NORTON 

Samuel
 H. Norton 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED 

I,
Richard Trueblood, certify that: 

1 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 9, 2023 
 /s/
 RICHARD TRUEBLOOD 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex32.htm

EXHIBIT
32 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

Each
of the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (the Company ),
hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge and belief, that the Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31,
2022 (the Periodic Report accompanying this certification fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided
solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to be used for
any other purpose. 

Date:
 March 9, 2023 
 /s/
 SAMUEL H. NORTON 

Samuel
 H. Norton 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 March 9, 2023 
 /s/
 RICHARD TRUEBLOOD 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 osg-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 osg-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 osg-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 osg-20221231_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 osg-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

