<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1848364_0001213900-23-025452.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4383174</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>335208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>835990</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>923243</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1122011</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1054813</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025452.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025452
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001848364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862157398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40476
		FILM NUMBER:		23787593

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3495 PIEDMONT ROAD NE
		STREET 2:		ONE PIEDMONT CENTER, BLDG.11, STE. 710
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		731-723-3141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3495 PIEDMONT ROAD NE
		STREET 2:		ONE PIEDMONT CENTER, BLDG.11, STE. 710
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025452.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_logisticsinnov.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number 

logistics
innovation technologies corp. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant LITTU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share LITTW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the common stock shares held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant was approximately million. 

As of March 27, 2023, the Registrant had 
shares of its Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of its Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per
share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 11 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF
 COMMENTS 
 
 43 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 43 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 43 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 43 
 
 PART
 II 
 
 44 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 44 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 44 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 45 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 47 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 47 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 48 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES 
 
 48 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 48 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING
 FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 48 
 
 PART
 III 
 
 49 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 49 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 54 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 54 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 56 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
 FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 56 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 57 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

The statements contained in this report that
are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward- looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition,
any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward- looking statements, but the absenc e of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. Forward- looking statements in this Amended Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report on Form 10-K 
or Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to uncertainty resulting from the
 recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined herein) or available to us from
 interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the
 Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The forward-looking
statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

ii 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, 
alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or
part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We
 are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis
 on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our
 public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
 combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our Founder Shares (as defined herein)
 will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination
 even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders
 and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
 of how our public stockholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window
 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
 targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our
 ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for
 our stockholders. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
 a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19)
 outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation
 in our target markets. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsors, initial stockholders,
 directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or Public
 Warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination
 and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock or Public Warrants. 

If
 a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares (as defined
 herein) in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the
 procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
 your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You
 will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
 companies. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have
 not completed our initial business combination within the completion window, our public stockholders
 may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
 liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

iii 

If
 the net proceeds of the Public Offering (as defined herein) and the sale of the Private Placement
 Warrants (as defined herein) not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow
 us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount
 available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial
 business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsors, its affiliates or our
 management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Past
 performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions
 in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may
 not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Unlike
 some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders
 will receive additional Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an
 initial business combination. 

We
 may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination
 and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders or warrant holders. 

Our
 initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our
 stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations
 may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

iv 

PART
I 

References in this report to we, 
 us or the Company refer to Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp.. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsors refer to 1P Management
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 1P ), together with AG LIT Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company AG LIT ). References to our initial stockholders refer to the Sponsors and any other holders of our Founder
Shares. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated on February
18, 2021 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any
revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. 

On June 15, 2021, we consummated our initial public
offering (the Public Offering of 34,089,611 units, including the issuance of 4,089,611 units as a result of the underwriters 
exercise in part of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable
warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at
a price of 11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses,
of 340,896,110. 

Prior to the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering IPO ), on February 18, 2021, 1P subscribed and paid for 11,500,000 shares of Class B common stock (the Founder
Shares par value 0.0001 per share for a total subscription price of 25,000. In March 2021, 1P transferred an aggregate of 1,150,000
Founder Shares to Horn LIT Holdings, LLC Horn and 125,000 Founder Shares to each of Messrs. Clarke, Sidler and Sultemeier,
resulting in 1P holding 9,975,000 Founder Shares. On March 31, 2021, 1P and Horn surrendered 1,288,904 and 148,596 Founder Shares, respectively,
to us for cancellation for no consideration resulting in 1P and Horn holding 8,686,096 and 1,001,404 Founder Shares, respectively. On
May 13, 2021, Horn transferred 1,001,404 Founder Shares to AG LIT. On June 10, 2021 1P and AG LIT surrendered 1,288,905 and 148,595 Founder
Shares, respectively, to us for no consideration resulting in 1P and AG LIT holding 7,397,191 and 852,809 Founder Shares, respectively.
Of the 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding, an aggregate of 1,125,000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent
that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full. The forfeiture would be adjusted to the extent that the
over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. On June 15, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option was partially exercised. As
of June 15, 2021, there were 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, 102,597 of which were subject to forfeiture.
On July 26, 2021, such remaining Founder Shares were forfeited. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public
Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 5,945,281 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one
share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, to the Sponsors at a price of 1.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds, before
expenses, of 8,917,922 (the Private Placement ). The warrants sold in the Private Placement (the Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in the Public Offering, except that, so long as they are held
by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold until 30 days after the Company completes its initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a
cashless basis. 

1 

Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the
Private Placement, 340,896,110 was placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust acting as trustee (the Trust
Account ). Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter provides that none of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial
business combination; (ii) the redemption of any of the shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units sold in our Public Offering Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Charter to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by June 15, 2023 or
with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii)
the redemption of 100 of the Public Shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by June 15, 2023. The proceeds
held in the Trust Account may only be invested in direct United States government treasury obligations within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations. 

After the payment of underwriting commissions
(excluding the deferred portion of 11,931,364 in underwriting commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial
business combination if consummated) and 6,929,364 in expenses relating to the Public Offering, 2,427,771 of the net proceeds of the
Public Offering and Private Placement was not deposited into the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. The
net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on deposit in the Trust Account earning interest. As of December 31, 2022, there
was 344,826,405 in investments held in the Trust Account, 474,947 of cash held outside the Trust Account and 134,556 of working capital
deficit. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash held in
the Trust Account, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We
may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our shares of Class A common stock, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Selection of Target Businesses 

While we may pursue an initial business combination
with a company in any sector or geography, we intend to focus our search on businesses serving the senior market or capable of being repositioned
to do so. Our Charter prohibits us from effectuating an initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company
with nominal operations. 

In accordance with Nasdaq listing rules, our initial
business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of
the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
Trust Account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair
market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our Board based upon one or more standards generally
accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our Board
will rely on generally accepted standards, our Board will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application
of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgement. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment
of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction
of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our Board is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect
to satisfaction of such criteria. If our Board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or
businesses, or if we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an opinion with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria from an independent investment bank or an independent valuation or accounting firm. We do not intend
to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this stipulation,
our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective businesses, although
we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations. 

2 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders that own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity
interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction
company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business, in order to meet certain objectives of the
prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value
test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or companies that may be financially unstable or in early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such a situation. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

We will craft a priority list of companies based
on the acquisition criteria above. These companies will primarily be sourced through our management team s long-standing, extensive
network of industry executives, investment firms, consultants, and intermediaries. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with management, document reviews, primary
research, policy research, on-site visits, and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will
lean heavily upon the decades of our management team s experience conducting diligence on a broad set of private and publicly held
logistics companies. We expect this experience to allow our management to quickly focus on the key, material investment drivers and reach
the most insightful experts for the issue(s) at hand. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

3 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares or Public Warrants in
privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase
in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or
intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they
will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to
the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our initial stockholders, directors,
officers, advisors or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have
already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem
their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer
rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the
purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such
rules. 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could be to reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such
purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock or Public Warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our initial stockholders, officers, directors
and/or their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, officers, directors
or their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection
with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsors, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates enter
into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem
their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder
has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at
the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our Sponsors, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective
affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors
that they may deem relevant and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other
federal securities laws. Our Sponsors, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates will be restricted from making purchases
of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases will be reported
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders
upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described
herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any Founder Shares they hold and any Public Shares they may acquire during or after the Public Offering in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. 

4 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our Charter provides that in no event will we
redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial
business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash
for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any
amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business
combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however,
raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial
business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation
of the Public Offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection
with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer
will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements.
Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we
do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our Charter would require
stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s
stockholder approval rules. 

The requirement that we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares by one of the two methods listed above will be contained in provisions of our Charter
and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended
if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. 

If we provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to
vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsors, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares they hold and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering (including
in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of
the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders Founder Shares, we would need only 12,783,605,
or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 2,130,601, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing
a quorum are voted), of the 34,089,611 Public Shares sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
in order to have our initial business combination approved. These quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial
stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem
its Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the
record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

5 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of Public Shares,
which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer
and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our Sponsors will terminate any plan established
in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act. 

We intend to require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s
option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the date on
which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination is to be held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection
with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a written request
for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included.
The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with
our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We
believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action
from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial
business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares
delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. 

Our Charter provides that in no event will we
redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial
business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash
for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any
amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business
combination, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however,
raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial
business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation
of the Public Offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

6 

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our Charter provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such
stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from
seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not
purchased by us, our Sponsors or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting
our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe
we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business
combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection
with the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

As described above, we intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth
in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days
prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination is to be held. In addition, if we conduct
redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to
also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial
owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our
Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy
such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business days prior to the vote on the initial business
combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer
period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder
fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not
be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their Public Shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the
broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost
on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

7 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if
a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior
to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our Public Shares electing to redeem
their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our proposed initial business combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing
of the Public Offering. 

Conduct of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender
Offer Rules 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we will, pursuant to our Charter: (a) conduct the
redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and (b) file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates
the solicitation of proxies. 

Submission of Our Initial Business Combination
to a Stockholder Vote 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock
of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote
at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsors, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares they hold and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering (including
in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of
the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders Founder Shares, we would need only 12,783,605,
or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 2,130,601, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing
a quorum are voted), of the 34,089,611 Public Shares sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
in order to have our initial business combination approved. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial
stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem
its Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the
record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

8 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
If No Initial Business Combination 

Our Charter provides that we will have only 24
months from the closing of the Public Offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

Our initial stockholders, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of the Public Offering or during any Extension Period. However, if our initial stockholders, officers or directors acquire Public Shares
in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public
Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. 

The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights
to their deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and
subsequently liquidate and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available
to fund the redemption of our Public Shares. 

Our initial stockholders, officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Charter to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering or with respect to any
other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations
described above under Limitations on redemptions. For example, our board of directors may propose such an amendment if it
determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial business combination. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation
and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act seeking stockholder approval of such proposal, and in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon stockholder approval of such amendment. 

9 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies, and other entities,
domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established
and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing
services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more
local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these
competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that
are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing
the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem
their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target
companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are
available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Employees 

We currently have two executive officers: Alan
Gershenhorn and Isaac Applbaum. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Available Information 

We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control,
acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition,
the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 3495 Piedmont Road NE, One Piedmont
Center, Bld. 11, Ste. 710, Atlanta, GA 30305 or by telephone at (731) 723-3141. 

10 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

RISK
FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with our Public Offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities.
If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In
that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, AND CONSUMMATION
OF OR 

INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION 

Our stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our Founder Shares will participate in such
vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such
a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to
approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will
seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders
of our Founder Shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even
if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our initial stockholders own 20 of our outstanding
common stock immediately following the completion of the Public Offering. Our initial stockholders and management team also may from time
to time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our Charter provides that, if we seek stockholder approval
of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority
of the shares voted at such meeting, including the Founder Shares. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders Founder
Shares, we would need 12,783,605, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), 2,130,601, or 6.25 (assuming only
the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 34,089,611 Public Shares sold in the Public Offering to be voted
in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial
business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be
at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial
business combination. 

11 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public stockholders
exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with
the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption
and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of
these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we
may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock results in
the issues of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock
at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters
will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will
distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and
after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.
The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital
structure. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a
discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell
your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within 24 months after the closing of the Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in
negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination
on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination,
knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete
our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above.
In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would
have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

12 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within 24 months after the closing of the Public Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business
and complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the Public Offering. Our ability to complete our initial
business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other
risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of a pandemic, such as COVID-19, could limit our ability to complete our initial business
combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of a pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire.
Also, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia continues to grow and, while the extent of the impact of the conflict on us will depend
on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market
volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be
able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed
our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase
shares or Public Warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares or Public
Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors,
officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq
rules. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase
shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although
still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 

In the event that our initial stockholders, directors,
executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination
and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in
an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business
combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could
be to reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval
in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and
Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

13 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock or Public Warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender
offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will
furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that
must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit Public Shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business
combination is to be held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public
stockholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business
days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. 

In the event that a stockholder fails to comply
with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of the Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However,
because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt
from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be
afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will
have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Public
Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us
unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.
For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our Charter provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such
stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from
seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess
Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares)
for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in
open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete
our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose
of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

14 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds
in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater
technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer
holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction
with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our
initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion
of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least
June 15, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, only 474,947 is available to us outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022. Of
the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search
for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision
in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed initial business combination
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the
right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach
or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.
If we are unable to complete an initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

15 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may
not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except for our
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public
stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us
and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in
the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriters of the Public Offering as well as our registered independent
public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we are unable to
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with
our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought
against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could
be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter
agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which the prospectus forms a part, 1P has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a
third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked 1P to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether 1P has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that
1P s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that 1P would be able to satisfy those obligations.
As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination
and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business
combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers
or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

16 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of 1P, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to
our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case less taxes payable, and 1P asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related
to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against 1P to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against 1P to enforce its
indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to
their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification
obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00
per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the
Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive
damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount
that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the
Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting
considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting
Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff Statement ).
Specifically, the SEC Staff Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a
business combination, which terms are deemed to be similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants and those
of other SPAC entities. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, we evaluated the accounting treatment of our Public Warrants and our Private
Placement Warrants and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value
each period reported in earnings. 

As a result, now included on our balance sheet
contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to our warrants. Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging , provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance
sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement
of operations in the period of change. As a result of this recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations
may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that
we will recognize going forward non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period until exercised and that the amount of
such gains or losses could be material. 

17 

We have no operating history and are subject
to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement if we do not complete an initial business combination by 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering. As such, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern if we do not
consummate an initial business combination by the applicable deadline. If we are unable to effect an initial business combination by
the deadline, we will be forced to liquidate. 

We are a blank check company, and as we have no operating
history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue
as a going concern if we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering. If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, 

each of which may
make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements,
including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations
 that we are not subject to. 

In order not to
be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure
that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not
include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets
(exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a
business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in
United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in
other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted
at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or
private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act. The Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities.
The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial
business combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Charter
to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering;
and (iii) absent an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering or with respect to any other
material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, our return of the funds held
in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the Public Shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed
above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability
to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive
their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

18 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations. 

If we have not completed an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, our public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months
before redemption from our Trust Account. 

If we have not completed an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of the interest
to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of
public stockholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our Charter prior to any voluntary winding up.
If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as
part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL.
In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering before the redemption proceeds
of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account.
We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our liquidation unless we complete our initial business combination
or amend certain material provisions of our Charter prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class
A common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete
our initial business combination. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL,
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a
dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares
in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering may be considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL
intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party
claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a
liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to
the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our
intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24 th 
 month from the closing of the Public Offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination
and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because we will not be complying with Section
280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with
respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders
upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of the Public Offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be
unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently
unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the
unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

19 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In accordance with Nasdaq s corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes
of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may
not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus
we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us
to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting
an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Our efforts to identify a prospective initial
business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial
business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify,
acquire and operate a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships and operating
experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and has done so successfully
in a number of sectors. Our Charter prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that
an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were
available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant
holders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant
holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due
to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

20 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside
of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate
offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in
the Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect
to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be
directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management s
expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able
to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have attributes consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public
stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
(including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a
financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will
determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in
our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional shares of Class A common
stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of
our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Charter.
Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 380,000,000
shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 27, 2023, there are 345,910,389 and 11,477,597 authorized
but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take
into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common
stock. The Class B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the
consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in
our Charter. Immediately after the Public Offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

21 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem the warrants as
described in Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Stockholders Warrants - Redemption of warrants when the price
per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our Charter
provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the
holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial business
combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Charter to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24
months from the closing of the Public Offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our Charter, like all provisions
of our Charter, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors
in the Public Offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common
stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number
of shares of Class A common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units,
Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

Unlike some other similarly structured special
purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares
to consummate an initial business combination. 

The Founder Shares will automatically convert
into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject
to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued
or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion
of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock
outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including
the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares
of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any Private Placement Warrants
issued to our Sponsors, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares
will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition
companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior
to our initial business combination. 

22 

Resources could be wasted in researching business
combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion
of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account
that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsors, executive officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our Sponsors, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsors, executive officers,
directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation,
those described under Management - Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities.
Our Sponsors, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination
with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with
any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth
in Proposed Business - Effecting our initial business combination - Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial
business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our Sponsors, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may
exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent
any conflicts of interest. 

Since our Sponsors, executive officers and
directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to Public
Shares they may acquire during or after the Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business
combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On February 18, 2021, 1P subscribed for an aggregate
11,500,000 Founder Shares for a total subscription price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. Such shares are fully paid, and
the cash amount of the subscription price therefore was received on February 18, 2021. In March 2021, 1P transferred an aggregate of 1,150,000
Founder Shares to Horn and 125,000 Founder Shares to each of Messrs. Clarke, Sidler and Sultemeier, resulting in 1P holding 9,975,000
Founder Shares. On March 31, 2021, 1P and Horn surrendered 1,288,904 and 148,596 Founder Shares, respectively, to us for cancellation
for no consideration resulting in 1P and Horn holding 8,686,096 and 1,001,404 Founder Shares, respectively. On May 13, 2021, Horn transferred
1,001,404 Founder Shares to AG LIT. On June 10, 2021 1P and AG LIT surrendered 1,288,905 and 148,595 Founder Shares, respectively, to
us for no consideration resulting in 1P and AG LIT holding 7,397,191 and 852,809 Founder Shares, respectively. Of the 8,625,000 shares
of Class B common stock outstanding, an aggregate of 1,125,000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment option was not exercised in full. The forfeiture would be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option was not
exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares
after the IPO. On June 15, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option was partially exercised. As of June 15, 2021, there were
8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, 102,597 of which were subject to forfeiture. On July 26, 2021, such remaining
Founder Shares were forfeited. 

23 

Prior to the initial investment in the Company
of 25,000 by 1P, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing
the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of Founder Shares issued. The number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined
based on the expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum of 34,500,000 units if the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after
the Public Offering. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsors
have committed to purchase an aggregate of 5,945,281 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock
at 11.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 8,917,922, or 1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete
our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of
the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of
the Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the Public Offering,
we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers
have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available
for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

24 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact
our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from the Public Offering and
the private placement of warrants provided us with 328,964,746 that we may use to complete our initial business combination and pay related
fees and expenses (after taking into account the 11,931,364 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account and
the estimated offering expenses). 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different
areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business,
property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a
single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our business combination strategy,
we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists
about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on
the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

25 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders or warrant holders do not agree. 

Our Charter does not provide a specified maximum
redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to
be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority
of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsors, officers, directors, advisors or
any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class
A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of
the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or
redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will
be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Charter or governing instruments
in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination,
increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants,
amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our Charter requires
the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 
of the Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the
warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants.
In addition, our Charter requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash if
we propose an amendment to our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months
of the closing of the Public Offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities
offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We
cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business
combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our Charter that relate to
our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account)
may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special
purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Charter to facilitate the completion of an initial business
combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Our Charter provides that any of its provisions
related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement
of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to
public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and
corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders
of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our Charter may be amended by holders of a majority of our
outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our
initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock upon the closing of the Public Offering (assuming
they do not purchase any units in the Public Offering), may participate in any vote to amend our Charter and/or trust agreement and will
have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Charter which govern
our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability
to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our
Charter. 

26 

Our Sponsors, executive officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Charter to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering or with respect to any
other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. Our stockholders
are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against
our Sponsors, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders
would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

We have not selected any specific business combination
target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available
from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional
financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the
payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase
of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro
rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire
worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such
financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse
effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Upon closing of the Public Offering, our initial
stockholders will own 20 of our issued and outstanding common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in the Public Offering).
Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support,
including amendments to our Charter. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in the Public Offering or if our initial stockholders
purchase any additional Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional
securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include
consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected
by our Sponsors, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one
class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion
of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion
of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a
minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position,
will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least
until the completion of our initial business combination. 

27 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that the proxy
statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure.
We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required
under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because
some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that
we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared
to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of
any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business
combination. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements,
to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the initial business combination may
not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our initial business combination. If we are not able
to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the
gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be
as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

28 

RISKS RELATING TO THE POST-BUSINESS COMBINATION
COMPANY 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you
to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present
with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be
subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially
finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders
or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or
warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our management may not maintain control of
a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business,
new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not
meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior
to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock,
our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A common stock subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not maintain control of the target business. 

29 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose
to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

There are risks related to the logistics and
logistics technology industry to which we may be subject. 

Business combinations with companies with operations
in the logistics and logistics technology industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business
combination with a target business with operations in the logistics and logistics technology industry, we will be subject to, and possibly
adversely affected by, the following risks, including but not limited to: 

Competition could reduce profit margins. 

Our inability to comply with governmental regulations
affecting the logistics and logistics technology industry could negatively affect our operations. 

An inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which
our business may depend. 

The success of our planned business following
consummation of our initial business combination may depend on maintaining a well-secured business and technology infrastructure. 

Legal and regulatory changes related to data
protection and privacy could create unexpected costs, impact the use and adoption of a target business services or require a target
business to agree to onerous terms and conditions, which could have an adverse impact on its future revenue, operating results or customer
retention, and may reduce our future revenue and our profitability following such business combination. 

Changes in the logistics and logistics technology industry could negatively
impact customer relationships and our results of operations. 

The logistics and logistics technology industry
is susceptible to significant liability exposure, including cyberattacks and security and privacy breaches. If liability claims are brought
against us following a business combination, it could materially adversely affect our operations. 

Dependence of our operations upon third-party
suppliers, manufacturers or contractors whose failure to perform adequately could disrupt our business. 

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact
on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited
to the logistics and logistics technology industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will
likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business
which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

RISKS RELATING TO ACQUIRING AND OPERATING A
BUSINESS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. 

If we pursue a target company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with
investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting
due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

30 

If we effect our initial business combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies
operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able
to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination,
or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may a dversely impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers
and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Involvement of members of our management and
companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation or governmental investigations unrelated to our business affairs
could materially impact our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Members of our management team and companies with
which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including
transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management
and companies with which they are affiliated in past have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes and litigation and
governmental investigations relating to their business affairs unrelated to our company. Any claims or investigations involving members
of our management and companies with which they are affiliated may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability
to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and non-independent directors are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such
affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative
impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

32 

Our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of the Public Offering
and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or
more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior
to its presentation to us. Our Charter provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or
officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company
and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue,
and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In
addition, our Sponsors and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours
or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such
companies, businesses or ventures may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we
do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsors, our directors or executive officers, although
we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights.
However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors
to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly,
any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii)
we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of
reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay
the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

33 

Certain agreements related to the Public Offering
may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related to the Public Offering
to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without stockholder
approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, officers and directors;
the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the Private Placement Warrants purchase agreement between us
and our Sponsors; and the administrative services agreement among us, our Sponsors and an affiliate of our Sponsors. These agreements
contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting
agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and other securities held
by our initial stockholders, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties
thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our
initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior
to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to
its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the
consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related
to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing
with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business
combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.
For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier
than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Charter to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of
our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering or with
respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii)
the redemption of our Public Shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
the Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our Public Shares if
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering is not completed for
any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval
prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our Trust Account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 24
months from the closing of the Public Offering before they receive funds from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public
stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held
in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

We have been approved to have our units listed
on Nasdaq, and our Class A common stock and warrants have been listed on Nasdaq promptly after their date of separation. Although after
giving effect to the Public Offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in Nasdaq
listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial
business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain
certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally
 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holder 

34 

Additionally, in connection with our initial business
combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance,
our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity would generally be required
to be at least 4.0 million, we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities and we would be required
to have a market value of listed securities of 50.0 million We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national secur ities exchange, we
expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require
 brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly
 result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The Natio nal
Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A common
stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the
statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the
sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check
companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies
in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate
of 25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 8,625,000 Founder Shares, or approximately 0.003 per Founder Share
and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of Class A common stock. 

The difference between the public offering price
per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the share of Class A common stock and none to the warrant included in the unit)
and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after the Public Offering constitutes the dilution to
you and the other investors in the Public Offering. Our initial stockholders acquired the Founder Shares at a nominal price, significantly
contributing to this dilution. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Founder Shares result
in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Founder Shares at the time
of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust
for their Public Shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the Founder Shares, any equity or equity-linked securities
issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock. 

35 

Provisions in our Charter and Delaware law
may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of Class A common
stock and could entrench management. 

Our Charter contains provisions that may discourage
unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board
of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make
more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our initial business combination and our structure
thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations
may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although we will attempt to structure our initial
business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and
may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial
business combination and subject to any requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires
stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect a business combination with a target company
in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target
company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection
with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting
from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition,
stockholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership
of us after our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may effect a business combination
with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions.
If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number
of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations
and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and
non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial
condition. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public
Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct
any defective provision or mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the
warrants and the warrant agreement as set forth in the prospectus, (ii) amending the definition of Ordinary Cash Dividend 
as contemplated by and in accordance with the second sentence of subsection 4.1.2 of the warrant agreement, (iii) amending the threshold
in the offer trigger to be more than 50 of the voting power of our outstanding securities (including with respect to the election of
directors), deleting Section 6.2 or amending the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, with the consent of the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants, to provide that the terms of the Private Placement Warrants will not change if transferred
to persons other than permitted transferees or to conform the provisions of the Private Placement Warrants to the terms of the Public
Warrants, or making any other amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of the company s board of directors
(taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in the Company s financial
statements, or (iv) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the
parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the
warrants, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders
of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public
Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than
initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of
a warrant. 

36 

Our warrant agreement will designate the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination. 

If (i) we issue additional common stock or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of
less than 9.20 per common stock, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption
trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination with a target business. 

37 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding
Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that
the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities - Warrants -
Public Stockholders Warrants - Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending
on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the
warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are
otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay
the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market
price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the Private
Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our Sponsors or their permitted transferees. 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the
outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals
or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant
as described under the heading Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Stockholders Warrants - Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided
 that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number
of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. The value
received upon exercise of the warrants (i) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants
at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including
because the number of shares of Class A common stock received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to
adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our shares of Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 11,363,204 shares
of Class A common stock as part of the units offered by this prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we
issued in a private placement an aggregate of 5,945,281 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50
per share. In addition, if our Sponsors or an affiliate of our Sponsors or certain of our officers and directors makes any working capital
loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant.
To the extent we issue common stock to effectuate our initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number
of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a
target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and
reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete our initial business combination. Therefore, our warrants may make it
more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit contains one-third of one
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon
exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to
the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. We have established the components
of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants
will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase
one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause
our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

38 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
stockholders and holders of our Private Placement Warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Public Offering, our initial stockholders, the holders of our Private Placement Warrants,
the holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and their permitted transferees can demand that we
register the shares of Class A common stock into which Founder Shares are convertible, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and any other securities of the company acquired by them prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such
a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common
stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more
cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the shares of common
stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our Private Placement Warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective
permitted transferees are registered. 

You may only be able to exercise your Public
Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common
stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

The warrant agreement provides that in the following
circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required
to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; and (ii)
if we have so elected and the shares of Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act. If you
exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances described in clauses (i) and (ii) in the preceding sentence,
you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess
of the fair market value of our shares of Class A common stock (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price
of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the shares
of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received
by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive
fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes
or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

The net proceeds of the Public Offering and certain
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, in the amount of 340,896,110, was placed in an interest-bearing Trust Account.
The proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in direct U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days
or less or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury
obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks
in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled
out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields,
the amount of interest income (which we are permitted to use to pay our taxes and up to 100,000 of dissolution expenses) would be reduced.
In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata
share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses).
If the balance of the Trust Account is reduced below 340,896,110 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the Trust
Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

39 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed
on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares or our liquidation. 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act ), which, among other things, imposes a new 1 U.S.
federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by covered corporations (which include publicly traded domestic (i.e.,
U.S.) corporations) beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its stockholders from which the stock is repurchased. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities
are trading on Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1 of the
fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax; however, no guidance has
been issued to date. It is uncertain whether, and/or to what extent, the Excise Tax could apply to any repurchase by us of our common
stock or in the event of our liquidation, in each instance after December 31, 2022, including any redemptions in connection with an initial
business combination or in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination by December 15, 2023. 

Whether and to what extent
we would be subject to the Excise Tax on a redemption of our shares of Class A common stock or other stock issued by us would depend on
a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the Excise Tax, (ii) the
fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock in connection with our initial business combination, an extension
or otherwise, (iii) the structure of the initial business combination, (iv) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity
issuances in connection with the initial business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the initial business combination
but issued within the same taxable year of a redemption treated as a repurchase of stock) and (v) the content of regulations and other
guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. As noted above, the Excise Tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder.
The imposition of the Excise Tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete an initial business combination or
for effecting redemptions and may affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. In addition, the Excise Tax could cause
a reduction in the per share amount payable to our public stockholders in the event we liquidate the trust account due to a failure to
complete an initial business combination within the requisite timeframe. 

We identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weakness in the future, or fail to maintain an effective
system of internal control over financial reporting, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us
to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 

In connection with the audit of our financial
statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
related to the incorrect presentation of interest earned and reinvested in money market mutual funds on the trust account on our statement
of cash flows. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Management, with oversight from the board of directors and the audit committee of the board of directors,
has planned certain actions and will implement a remediation plan for this material weakness, including, among other things, additional
post-closing review procedures including a review of the classification of earnings on the trust account and confirmation of amounts and
balances with the trustee. We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing, and remediation actions or
their effect on our operations, and we cannot assure that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future,
will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company incorporated under
the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings
with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management team and
their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business
that we may acquire. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance
by our management team or the other companies referred to in this prospectus is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to
any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination.
You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team s or businesses associated with them as indicative
of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us
is not an investment in any of the companies associated with our management team. 

40 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A
common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer
be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We
will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by
non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th .
To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other
public companies difficult or impossible. 

41 

Provisions in our Charter and Delaware law
may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our Charter requires, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting
a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting
a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Charter or bylaws, or (iv)
any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested
in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have
subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented
to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency
in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable,
and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although
our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Charter provides
that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees
or agents. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and
consented to these provisions. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of
Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputed with us and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Additionally, unless we consent in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a
cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Section 22 of
the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court
would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents
has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions are facially
valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions,
and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of an consented to these provisions; however, we
note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Although we believe this provision benefits us
by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may
limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputed with us and may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

The financial statements may not reflect the
Company s financial condition and cash flow as a result of Russia s military action against Ukraine. 

In February 2022, the Russian
Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including
the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and
related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

42 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We currently sub-lease executive offices at 3495
Piedmont Road NE, One Piedmont Center, Bld. 11, Ste. 710, Atlanta, GA 30305 from 1P. We consider our current office space adequate for
our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

As of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of
our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management
team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

43 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants
are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols LITTU, LITT and LITTW , respectively. 

Holders 

As of March 27, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units,
one holder of record of our Class A common stock, five holders of record of our Class B common stock and three holders of record of our
warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial
holders whose units, Class A common stock and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

The sales of the Founder Shares and Private Placement
Warrants to our Sponsors and our initial stockholders as described herein were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities
Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

Use of Proceeds 

On June 15, 2021, we consummated the Public Offering
of 34,089,611 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public
Shares ), including the issuance of 4,089,611 Units as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment
option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 340,896,110, and incurring offering costs of 18,860,728, inclusive of 11,931,364
in deferred underwriting commissions. 

In connection with the Public Offering, we incurred
offering costs of 18,860,728, inclusive of 11,931,364 in deferred underwriting commissions. Other incurred offering costs consisted
principally of preparation fees related to the Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting commissions (excluding the deferred
portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the Public Offering
expenses, 340,896,110 of the net proceeds from our Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the Private
Placement Warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Public Offering
and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are held in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of the proceeds from the Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in the Company s final prospectus related to
the Public Offering. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 

[Reserved.] 

44 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

References to the Company, Logistics
Innovation Technologies Corp., our, us or we refer to Logistics Innovation Technologies
Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the annual financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause
or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on
February 18, 2021 as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject
to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

Our Sponsors are AG LIT Holdings, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, and 1P Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for our IPO was declared
effective on June 10, 2021. On June 15, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 34,089,611 Units (see below), including the issuance of 4,089,611
Units as a result of the underwriters exercise in part of their option to purchase additional Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 340,896,110, and incurring offering costs of 18,860,728, inclusive of 11,931,364 in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company Public Warrant ). Each whole
Public Warrant is exercisable into one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we
consummated the Private Placement of 5,945,281 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsors,
generating gross proceeds of 8,917,922. 

Upon the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement
in June 2021, 340,896,110 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were
placed in a Trust Account located in the United States at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee, and was invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of:
(i) the completion of an initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of
the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an initial business combination. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, or June 15, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

45 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash outside the
Trust Account of 474,947 and a working capital deficit of 134,556. Excluding Delaware franchise and income taxes payable, all remaining
investments held in the Trust Account are generally unavailable for our use prior to an initial business combination and is restricted
for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem common stock. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination or any extension of the deadline by which we must consummate our initial business combination or liquidate,
the Sponsors or an affiliate of the Sponsors or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as
may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete an initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned
amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender.
The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing
and acquisition plans. We may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsors, stockholders,
officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and Sponsors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to
time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly,
we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
one year from the date these financial statements are issued. 

On February 24, 2022, the Russian Federation
launched an invasion of Ukraine that has continued to escalate without any resolution of the invasion foreseeable in the near future
with the short and long-term impact on financial and business conditions remaining uncertain. The United States, the European Union,
Canada and other countries have imposed sanctions against the Russian Federation contributing to higher inflation and disruptions to
supply and distribution chains. The impact of the sanctions also includes disruptions to financial markets, an inability to complete
financial or banking transactions, restrictions on travel and an inability to service existing or new customers in a timely manner in
the affected areas of Europe. The circumstances related to the Russian Federation s invasion of Ukraine could have a material and
adverse effect on the business and the cost and availability of capital. The number of attractive targets for the Company s Business
Combination could be reduced, the cost of a Business Combination may be increased, and the Company could experience a delay of, or inability
to complete a Business Combination. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for
our IPO and identifying a target company for our initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until
after completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of earnings and gains on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective Business Combination candidates. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net income of 16,588,089, which consisted of a change in the fair value of the warrants of 14,193,686, bank interest income of 4,773
and earnings and gains on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,912,741, partially offset by a loss from operations of
 1,539,748 and income tax expense of 983,363. 

46 

For the period from February 18, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 827,602, which consisted of a loss from operations of 624,582 and Public Warrant transaction
costs of 561,610, partially offset by a change in the fair value of the warrants of 346,230, bank interest income of 55 and earnings
and gains on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 12,305. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon
conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will
be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from
the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price
less the underwriting commissions. The underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option on June 15, 2021 with the purchase
of 4,089,611 units. 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
commission of 0.20 per Public Share, or 6,817,922 in the aggregate. Additionally, the underwriters reimbursed us 500,000 for offering
costs. In addition, 0.35 per Public Share, or 11,931,364 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to the financial statements required
by Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

This information appears following Item 15
of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. 

47 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were
not effective because of material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective due to material weakness as described below. 

The material weakness identified relates to the fact that we have not
yet designed and maintained effective controls relating to the financial statement close process which resulted in errors in the classification
of investing activity in our statement of cash flows. Specifically, we incorrectly classified interest earned and reinvested in money
market mutual funds on the trust account within the cash flows from operating activities section on our statement of cash flows. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Remediation Plan 

Our Chief Financial Officer will perform additional
post-closing review procedures including a review of the classification of earnings on the trust account and confirmation of amounts and
balances with the trustee. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the material weakness discussed above, there
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

48 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive
officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Alan Gershenhorn 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman 
 
 Isaac Applbaum 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Director 
 
 Bruno Sidler 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Chris Sultemeier 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Andrew Clarke 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

Alan Gershenhorn ,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors, was employed by UPS for 39 years, with his final role being Executive
Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer from June 2014 to June 2018. He has served on the Board of Directors of Beacon Roofing Supply
since May 2015, Transportation Insight since August 2018, a portfolio company of Gryphon Investors, OTR Capital since December 2022,
a Summit Partners portfolio company and Ascend Transportation, LLC since September 2019, a Wellspring Capital Management portfolio company.
He also has been a senior advisor to 8VC and its portfolio companies since October 2018, and a consultant at Horn Strategy Partners,
LLC since July 2018. At UPS, Mr. Gershenhorn was a member of the Management Committee, which is responsible for the company s global
strategy and day-to-day operations for 11 years. Mr. Gershenhorn holds a degree in finance from the University of Houston. We believe
Mr. Gershenhorn is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive leadership, operational and functional experience,
particularly in supply chain and logistics. 

Isaac Yitz 
Applbaum , our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors, is a co-founder and partner of MizMaa, a fund which
invests in Israeli startup companies in the mobility, cloud and digital healthcare space. Mr. Applbaum also serves as senior advisor
to 8VC in connection with its investment in enterprise software and healthcare technologies, and 7Wire, a digital healthcare venture
group that was one of the early investors in Livongo. In addition, Mr. Applbaum is a co-founder of Secure, where he has served as a director
since January 2019. Finally, he is also the President and a Director of Senior Connect since December 2020. Mr. Applbaum also helped
found and build SecureKey, a blockchain technologies company, where he has served as a board observer since 2012. Mr. Applbaum also was
an early investor in and director of mobile payments company Kili from 2013 to 2017 before it was acquired by Square, Inc. From 2001
to 2006, Mr. Applbaum was a partner at Lightspeed, a global venture fund. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Applbaum was a board observer of 7/24,
an internet protocol-based solutions company. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Applbaum was Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer at Concorde
from 1994 to 1999, which was subsequently sold to Bank of America. Mr. Applbaum holds a BA from Yeshiva University. We believe Mr. Applbaum
is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his significant leadership, finance and operational experience. 

Chris Sultemeier , one of our director
nominees, will serve as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Sultemeier spent 27 years at Walmart from 1989 to 2017, with his final
role being President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart Transportation, LLC and Executive Vice President of Logistics for Walmart
Stores, Inc., where he led the logistics teams to improve service to retail stores and clubs. He served in this capacity with Walmart
from 2011 to 2017. Mr. Sultemeier also currently serves Yellow Corporation since 2021 and NYSHEX since 2020. He also served on the board
of directors of Duke Realty from 2018 to 2022, and rfXcel since 2018. Additionally, he has been a senior advisor to 8VC since 2017. He
also currently serves as chairman at Platform Science since 2017. Prior to joining Walmart, Mr. Sultemeier served in the U.S. Army as
platoon leader, Task Force Engineer, and Company Executive Officer in the 1st Infantry Division. Mr. Sultemeier received his Bachelor
of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. We believe Mr. Sultemeier is qualified to serve on
our board of directors due to his extensive operational, transportation and leadership experience in the logistics sectors. 

49 

Bruno Sidler, 
one of our directors, will serve as a member of our board of directors. Since February 2022, Mr. Sidler is serving as the Chairman of
SJL Logistics, a private-equity owned logistics and transport company based in Spain and Morocco. Mr. Sidler has served as Chief Operating
Officer and President of the Executive Management Committee of Lonrho Ltd., a privately-owned investment company focusing on food and
beverage production and distribution in Sub-Sahara Africa, since 2017. Mr. Sidler has also served on the board of Swiss logistics firm
Bertschi AG since 2015, US supply chain technology platform e2log since 2017, international logistics and freight forwarding provider
Scan Global Logistics A/S since 2020, and is currently the chairman of the board at Global Airlift Solutions Ltd. since 2014, a Swiss
logistics and forwarding company for critical care needs. Additionally, he has been a senior advisor to 8VC since 2018. Prior to these
roles, Mr. Sidler served as Chief Operating Officer and a member of the Executive Board of DKSH Holding AG from 2013 to 2017, a publicly
listed holding company focused on providing market expansion services. Prior to that engagement, Mr. Sidler held numerous positions,
most notably as Chief Operating Officer of CEVA Logistics from 2010 to 2012 and as Chief Executive Officer of the Panalpina Group from
1998 to 2006. From 1978 to 1979, Mr. Sidler enlisted at Infantry Officer School and commissioned as 2nd Lieutenant, and was promoted
to 1st Lieutenant during the course of the compulsory annual services. Mr. Sidler has received vocational training in international Freight
Forwarding and Logistics in combination with studies at KV Zurich Business School. We believe Mr. Sidler is qualified to serve on our
board of directors due to his extensive industry knowledge in international freight and logistics, in addition to his broad operational
and leadership experience. 

Andrew Clarke ,
one of our director nominees, will serve as a member of our board of directors. From 2015 to 2019, Mr. Clarke served as the Chief Financial
Officer of C.H. Robinson of Minneapolis, Minnesota. From 2007 until 2013, Mr. Clarke was the Chief Executive Officer of Panther of Seville,
Ohio, a premium logistics provider that focuses on the automotive, life sciences, governmental and manufacturing segments. From 2000
to 2006, Mr. Clarke served in various executive roles, including as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, at Forward Air
Corporation, a diversified transportation services corporation. Mr. Clarke has served on the boards of Element Fleet since 2018 and Big
Lots since 2020. Previously, Mr. Clarke has served as a director of several public companies, including Forward Air from 2001 to 2006,
Pacer International, Inc. from 2005 to 2009 and Blount International, Inc. from 2010 to 2016. Additionally, he currently serves as a
senior advisor to 8VC since 2018. Mr. Clarke holds a MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a BSBA from Washington
University in St. Louis. We believe Mr. Clarke is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his broad logistics industry experience,
as well as his extensive leadership, operational and financial experience. 

Senior Advisors 

Our senior advisors are as
follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jake Medwell 
 
 34 
 
 Senior Advisor 
 
 Michael McLary 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Advisor 

Jake Medwell ,
a Senior Advisor, is a founding partner of 8VC, a venture capital fund based in Austin, Texas. At 8VC, Mr. Medwell runs the logistics
technology investing practice. Notable investments include ContextLogic, Inc., Joby Aero, Inc., Flexport Inc., KeepTruckin, Inc., Deliverr,
Inc., The Boring Company, Trackonomy Systems Inc., Project44, Inc., Outrider, FreightWaves and Platform. Mr. Medwell has served as a
Director to numerous technology companies, including Trackonomy Systems, Inc., FreightWaves, Platform, Beacon, Vector Labs, Inc. and
Figure 1 Beauty, Inc. Mr. Medwell also serves as a board observer at sp0n, Inc and Outrider. Mr. Medwell was also a co-founder and board
observer of Baton Trucking, Inc., a software company focused on smart orchestration of last-mile planning and execution. Prior to 8VC,
Mr. Medwell was a software and consumer product entrepreneur. He co-founded Humin, Inc. (Acq. Tinder/IAC), a mobile software company
where he built the engineering team and led growth initiatives. Mr. Medwell also co-founded The Kairos Society, a college student entrepreneurship
network and investment platform, where he sits on the Board of Directors. While in college, he founded Sol Bicycle Co. (Acq.),
a direct to consumer bicycle company which he grew it into an industry leader. In response to PPE shortages last year, Mr. Medwell co-founded
Operation Masks, a non-profit where he leveraged his expertise and relationships in international logistics to secure millions of units
of PPE for governments and healthcare organizations in need. Mr. Medwell graduated from the University of Southern California in 2011,
where he has been lecturing on entrepreneurship and technology for the last decade. 

50 

Michael McLary ,
a Senior Advisor, is an accomplished executive with over 25 years of experience in supply chain logistics, freight and courier services
across the US and global markets. Mr. McLary has a proven record producing results in field operations, marketing, finance, M A,
strategy and technology. Mr. McLary is currently the CEO of a private equity backed business, Ascend Transportation, LLC. Ascend Transportation,
LLC s strategy is to consolidate regional asset and non-asset Truckload businesses to provide shipper solutions that adjust to
current market dynamics. Mr. McLary held multiple positions at Amazon.com, Inc., including serving as President of Truckload Brokerage
in the North American network, President of Truckload Sales, and Director of Middle Mile Technology and Business Intelligence. In addition
to his experience at Amazon, Mr. McLary spent 17 years at UPS in various leadership roles in international and domestic US functional
businesses before becoming the Global Head of Strategy for International Package and Supply Chain. Mr. McLary holds a BS in Economics
from George Mason University and a Master of Business Administration from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Sidler, will expire at our first annual
meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Sultemeier and Clarke, will expire
at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Gershenhorn and
Applbaum, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board
of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our Charter. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq rules and our Charter
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent
director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship
with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the
company). We have four independent directors as defined in Nasdaq rules and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of
this offering. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs., Clarke, Sidler and Sultemeier are independent directors 
as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at
which only independent directors are present. 

Board Committees 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules
of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed
company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Clarke, Sidler and Sultemeier serve as members of our audit committee. Under Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs.
Clarke, Sidler and Sultemeier are independent. 

51 

Mr. Clarke serves as the chairman
of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr.
Clarke qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The audit committee is responsible
for: 

meeting
with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control
systems; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for
 the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor,
 including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution
 of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting)
 for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
 accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring
 compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the Public Offering and, if any noncompliance
 is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise
 causing compliance with the terms of the Public Offering; and 

reviewing
 and approving all payments made to our existing stockholders, executive officers or directors
 and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will
 be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors
 abstaining from such review and approval. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Clarke, Sultemeier
and Sidler, and Mr. Sidler serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief
 executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

52 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consulta nt,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. 

However, before engaging or
receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out
the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The
directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Clarke, Sidler and Sultemeier.
In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee,
we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience,
knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests
of our stockholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of the Code of Ethics and our audit committee
and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You will be able to
review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics
and the charters of the committees will be provided without charge upon request from us. See the section of this prospectus entitled
 Where You Can Find Additional Information. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative
or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Ethics applicable
to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar
functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver. 

53 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

None of our executive officers
or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered. We will reimburse an affiliate of 1P for office space, secretarial
and administrative services provided to members of our management team in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per month in the event such
space and/or services are utilized and we do not pay directly for such services. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease making these payments. In addition, the Sponsors, executive officers and directors, or any of their
respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as
identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsors, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Other than these
payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to the Sponsors,
executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

It is possible that some or
all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements with the post-transaction company after our initial
business combination. Any such arrangements will be disclosed in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished
to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination, to the extent they are known at such time. 

The existence or terms of
any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business,
but we do not believe that such arrangements will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

We have no compensation plans
under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 27, 2023, by: 

each
 person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock
 of, on an as-converted basis; 

each
 of our officers and directors; and 

all
 of our officers and directors as a group. 

54 

The following table is based on 42,612,014 shares
of common stock of outstanding at March 27, 2023, of which 34,089,611 were shares of Class A common stock and 8,522,403 were shares of
Class B common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Class A Common Stock 
 Number of Class B Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Class B Common Stock 
 
 1P Management LLC (2)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 7,305,200 
 85.7 
 
 AG LIT Holdings, LLC (2)(4) 
 - 
 - 
 842,203 
 9.8 
 
 Isaac Applbaum (2)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 7,305,200 
 85.7 
 
 Andrew Clarke (2) 
 - 
 - 
 125,000 
 1.5 
 
 Bruno Sidler (2) 
 - 
 - 
 125,000 
 1.5 
 
 Chris Sultemeier (2) 
 - 
 - 
 125,000 
 1.5 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 8,522,403 
 100 
 
 683 Capital Management, LLC (5) 
 1,994,267 
 5.9 
 - 
 - 
 
 Atlas Merchant Capital SPAC Fund I LP (6) 
 1,750,000 
 5.1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of our stockholders listed is 3495 Piedmont Road NE, One Piedmont Center, Bld. 11, Ste. 710, Atlanta,
 GA 30305. 
 
 (2) 
 Interests shown consist
 solely of Founder Shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class
 A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described elsewhere
 herein. 
 
 (3) 
 1P is the record holder
 of the shares reported herein. Mr. Applbaum is the manager of 1P. Mr. Applbaum has voting and investment discretion with respect
 to the common stock held of record by 1P. Each of our officers and directors other than Mr. Applbaum disclaims any beneficial ownership
 of any shares held by 1P. Mr. Applbaum disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of any pecuniary interest
 therein. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr. Gershenhorn is the
 sole member of AG LIT and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by AG LIT. 
 
 (5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February
 14, 2023, 683 Capital Partners, LP 683 Capital Partners beneficially owned 1,994,267 shares of Class A common stock.
 683 Capital Management, LLC 683 Capital Management ), as the investment manager of 683 Capital Partners, may be deemed
 to have beneficially owned 1,994,267 shares of Class A common stock beneficially owned by 683 Capital Partners. Ari Zweiman, as the
 managing member of 683 Capital Management, may be deemed to have beneficially owned 1,994,267 shares of Class A common stock beneficially
 owned by 683 Capital Management. 
 The business address for 683 Capital Partners,
 683 Capital Management and Ari Zweiman is 1700 Broadway, Suite 4200, New York, NY 10019. 
 
 (6) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed on November 16, 2022, each of the following reporting persons beneficially owns 1,750,000 Class A common stock: Atlas Merchant
 Capital SPAC Fund I LP, a Cayman Islands exempted LP (the Fund Atlas Merchant Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability
 company and a registered investment advisor, and the investment manager of the Fund (the Advisor Atlas Merchant Capital
 Holdings, Ltd., a Cayman Islands limited company and managing member of the Advisor Holdings Atlas Merchant
 Capital LP, a Delaware limited partnership and the sole voting shareholder of Holdings AMC Capital Atlas Merchant
 Capital GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of AMC Capital AMC-GP AMC SPAC Fund
 GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership and the general partner of the Fund (the General Partner AMC SPAC Fund MGP
 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of the General Partner AMC SPAC MGP Robert E.
 Diamond and David I. Schamis, United States citizens and the sole members of AMC-GP and AMC SPAC MGP. The business address for each
 of the reporting persons is c/o Atlas Merchant Capital LLC, 477 Madison Avenue, 22 nd FL, New York, NY 10022. 

55 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Founder Shares 

On February 18, 2021, 1P subscribed
for an aggregate 11,500,000 Founder Shares for a total subscription price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. Such shares
are fully paid, and the cash amount of the subscription price therefor was received on February 18, 2021. In March 2021, 1P transferred
an aggregate of 1,150,000 Founder Shares to Horn and 125,000 Founder Shares to each of Messrs. Clarke, Sidler and Sultemeier, resulting
in 1P holding 9,975,000 Founder Shares. On March 31, 2021, 1P and Horn surrendered 1,288,904 and 148,596 Founder Shares, respectively,
to us for cancellation for no consideration resulting in 1P and Horn holding 8,686,096 and 1,001,404 Founder Shares, respectively. On
May 13, 2021, Horn transferred 1,001,404 Founder Shares to AG LIT. On June 10, 2021 1P and AG LIT surrendered 1,288,905 and 148,595 Founder
Shares, respectively, to us for no consideration resulting in 1P and AG LIT holding 7,397,191 and 852,809 Founder Shares, respectively.
Of the 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding, an aggregate of 1,125,000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent
that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full. The forfeiture would be adjusted to the extent that the
over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. On June 15, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option was partially exercised.
As of June 15, 2021, there were 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, 102,597 of which were subject to forfeiture.
On July 26, 2021, such remaining Founder Shares were forfeited. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 5,945,281 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private
Placement Warrant to the Sponsors, generating proceeds of 8,917,922. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole
share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants to the Sponsors was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does
not complete a business combination by June 15, 2023, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants
will be non-redeemable for cash (except as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) and exercisable on a cashless basis
so long as they are held by the Sponsors or their permitted transferees. The Sponsors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer,
assign or sell the Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares,
Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, and any shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on June 10, 2021. These holders
will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Administrative Services 

The Company will pay 1P for
office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team in an amount not to
exceed 10,000 per month in the event such space and/or services are utilized and the Company does not pay a third party directly for
such services, from the date of closing of the Public Offering. Upon completion of a business combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Related Party Loans 

On February 18, 2021, the Sponsors agreed to loan
the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. Upon the closing of the IPO no borrowings
were permitted under this note. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The firm of BDO USA, LLP BDO acts
as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to BDO for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements
and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees billed by BDO for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and of services rendered totaled 90,000 and 139,000,
respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees .
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit
or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay BDO any audit-related
fees. 

Tax Fees. Tax fees
consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice For the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not incur any tax fees. 

All Other Fees. All
other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay BDO any other fees. 

56 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the Index
to Financial Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedule 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in
the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253949), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253949), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253949), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253949), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement by and between Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of June 10, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement by and among Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp., its officers and directors, 1P Management LLC and AG LIT Holdings, LLC, dated as of June 10, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement by and between Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of June 10, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp., 1P Management LLC and AG LIT Holdings, LLC, dated as of June 10, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement by and between Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp, 1P Management LLC and AG LIT Holdings, LLC, dated as of June 10, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement by and among the Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp., 1P Management LLC and AG LIT Holdings, LLC, dated as of June 10, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40476), filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note issued to 1P Management LLC, dated as of February 18, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253949), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021). 

57 

10.7 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement by and between Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. and 1P Management LLC (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253949), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253949), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021). 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page herein) . 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Schedules to this exhibit
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules
 to the SEC upon request. 

XBRL (eXtensible Business
 Reporting Language) is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or
 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LOGISTICS INNOVATION TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Alan Gershenhorn 

Name: 
 Alan Gershenhorn 
 
 Dated: March 31, 2023 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned directors
and officers of Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. hereby constitute and appoint each of Alan Gershenhorn and Isaac Applbaum, with
the power to act without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our hue and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
with full power to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to file
the same, with all exhibits and other documents relating thereto and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact, or such
attorney-in-fact s substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Alan Gershenhorn 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Alan Gershenhorn 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Isaac Applbaum 
 
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Isaac Applbaum 
 
 (Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Bruno Sidler 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Bruno Sidler 

/s/
 Christopher Sultemeier 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Christopher Sultemeier 

/s/
 Andrew Clarke 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Andrew Clarke 

59 

LOGISTICS INNOVATION TECHNOLOGIES
CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB ID# F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-22 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. 

Atlanta, Georgia 

Opinion on the
Financial Statement s 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company does
not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations and the Company s ability to execute its business plan is
dependent upon its consummation of an initial business combination. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

LOGISTICS INNOVATION TECHNOLOGIES
CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 
 -

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Class A Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Due to Sponsors 

Franchise taxes payable 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Redeemable Class A common stock 

Class A common stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding subject to possible redemption, at redemption value 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 34,089,611 shares subject to possible redemption) 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Class A Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

LOGISTICS INNOVATION TECHNOLOGIES
CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 For the 
 Period from 
 February 18, 
2021 (Inception) through 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Administrative service fee related party 

Directors and officers insurance 

Franchise taxes 

Other operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities 

Public Warrant transaction costs 
 -

Bank interest income 

Earnings and gains on marketable securities held in the Trust Account 

Total other income (expense), net 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common stock

Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

LOGISTICS INNOVATION TECHNOLOGIES
CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 18, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-In 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 (Deficit) 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of February 18, 2021 (inception) 
 -

-

-

-

-

-

-

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsors 
 - 
 -

-

Deemed contribution from issuance of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of Redeemable Class A common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Class B common stock forfeited shares due to partial over-allotment exercise 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of Redeemable Class A common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

LOGISTICS INNOVATION TECHNOLOGIES
CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from February 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 -

Change in the fair value of warrant liabilities 

Warrant issuance costs 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Franchise taxes payable 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Accrued expenses 
 
 -

Due to Sponsors 

Prepaid expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment in marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 -

Purchase of marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Funds withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to initial stockholders 
 -

Proceeds from the issuance of Class A common stock, net of underwriters fees 
 -

Proceeds from Private Placement Warrants 
 -

Proceeds from Sponsors 
 -

Repayments to Sponsors 
 -

Payment of other offering costs 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of cash
 flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

LOGISTICS INNOVATION TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units
(the Units ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriter s exercise in part
of their option to purchase additional Units (the Over-Allotment Option ). The Units were
sold at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

over-allotment Units. After partially exercising their option at the time of the IPO to purchase Units,
the underwriters had up to additional Units available under their option. This 45-day option expired on July 26, 2021. 

warrants Private Placement Warrants ), which were purchased by the Sponsors at a price of per Placement Warrant, generating
total proceeds of . 

consisting
of of underwriting commission, of deferred underwriting commissions, of other offering
costs and a reimbursement of of underwriting costs from the underwriter. 

of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable)
at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

per Unit sold in the IPO, including certain proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, into a trust account Trust Account and has agreed to invest only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the
completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a
stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing
of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or
pre-initial Business Combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of
the IPO, the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the public stockholders as part of redemption of the Public Shares. 

per public share. 

from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company
seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case
to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company
fails to complete its initial business combination within the 24-month time period or during any Extension Period. 

F- 8 

However,
the Company has not asked the Sponsors to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether
the Sponsors have sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsors only assets
are securities of the Company. Therefore, there is no assurance that the Sponsors would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

and a working capital deficit of . Excluding Delaware franchise and income taxes payable,
all remaining investments held in the Trust Account is generally unavailable for the Company s use prior to an initial business
combination and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem common stock. 

of such loans may be convertible
into warrants, at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans
were outstanding. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

F- 11 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption
value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes
changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption
value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional
paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the remeasurement adjustment of carrying value
to redemption value was and , respectively. 

-

Gross proceeds from IPO 
 -

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 
 -

Class A common stock issuance costs 
 -

Plus: 

Accretion of Redeemable Class A common stock to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

per share, or an aggregate
of for the shares. Upon consummation of an initial Business Combination the Company will recognize in compensation
expense. 

F- 12 

Less: Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net income (loss) including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Deemed dividend for accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 
 
 -

-

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. These shares were
excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding. 

F- 13 

excise tax
on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly
traded non-U.S. corporations (each, a covered corporation ). Because the Company is a Delaware corporation and its securities
are trading on NASDAQ, the Company is a covered corporation for this purpose. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair
market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of Treasury has been given
authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IRA applies
only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 14 

Units, including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriter s exercise
in part of their Over-Allotment Option. The Units were sold at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

over-allotment Units. After partially exercising their Over-Allotment Option at the time of the IPO to purchase Units,
the underwriters had up to additional Units available under their Over-Allotment Option. This 45-day option expired
on . 

Private Placement Warrants,
which were purchased by 1P Management LLC and AG LIT Holdings, LLC (and/or its designees), at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, generating total proceeds of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one share of Class A common stock
at a price of per share. The Company recorded the excess of the proceeds over the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants
of in additional paid-in capital as deemed capital contribution. 

per share. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days
after the completion of the initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the
Sponsors or its permitted transferees. The Sponsors, or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the Private Placement
Warrants on a cashless basis. 

per share (the Founder Shares and Public
Shares they hold in connection with the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to
the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial business combination or to redeem of the Company s Public
Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other
provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete an initial business
combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete an initial business combination within
such time period, and (iii) the Founder Shares are automatically convertible into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately
following the consummation of an initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described in the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If the Company submits an initial business combination to the Company s public
stockholders for a vote, the Company s initial stockholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the IPO in favor of the initial business combination. 

F- 15 

of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of per
warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price,
exercisability and exercise period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding and reported as Due to
Sponsors on the balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 one of the Sponsors paid for certain expenses of the Company and is due
 . 

per month for office
space, secretarial and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 120,000 of administrative fees have been incurred
with remaining outstanding and reported on the balance sheet within due to Sponsors. At December 31, 2021, of administrative
fees have been incurred with remaining outstanding and reported on the balance sheet within due to Sponsors. 

to
the Company in consideration for shares of Class B common stock. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that the Founder Shares would represent of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of
the IPO. 

Founder
Shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration. 

Founder
Shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in shares of Class B common
stock outstanding. 

Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture
as of June 15, 2021. On July 26, 2021, such remaining Founder Shares were forfeited. 

F- 16 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. Upon the closing of the IPO
no borrowings were permitted under this note. 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Strike price 

Probability of business combination 

-
 
 -

Public Warrant liability 
 
 -
 
 -

Private Placement Warrants liability 
 -

-

F- 17 

-
 
 -

Public Warrant liability 
 
 -
 
 -

Private Placement Warrant liability 
 -

-

Public Warrants reclassified to Level 1 

Private Warrants reclassified to Level 2 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021 
 -

over-allotment Units. After partially exercising their option at the time of the IPO to purchase Units,
the underwriters had up to additional Units available under their option. This 45-day option expired on . 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or and reimbursed the Company for offering
expenses. Additionally, the underwriter will be entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of (or of the gross
proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

shares
of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may
be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

shares
of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote
for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding (excluding shares
subject to possible redemption). 

F- 18 

shares
of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are
entitled to one vote for each common share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock
issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Founder
Shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration. 

Founder
Shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in shares of Class B common
stock outstanding. Of the shares of Class B common stock outstanding, an aggregate of shares were subject to
forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters Over-Allotment Option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsors
will own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. All share and per
share amounts have been retroactively restated. (See Note 3) 

Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture.
On July 26, 2021, such remaining Founder Shares were forfeited. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the IPO
plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination
(excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent
warrants issued to the Sponsors or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

per share, subject to adjustment, at any time
commencing 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The warrants will expire after
the completion of the initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 19 

. 

per common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsors or its affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsors or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly
Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A common stock during the
20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination
(such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price
described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 
and Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per
share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common
stock equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

F- 20 

of the outstanding
shares of Class A common stock, the holder of the warrant shall be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other
property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such warrant had been exercised, accepted such offer
and all of the Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to the offer. If less than of the consideration
receivable by the holders of the Class A common stock in the applicable event is payable in the form of common equity in the successor
entity that is listed on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, and if the holder of
the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation of the applicable event
by the Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant
price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined in the warrant agreement) minus (B) the
value of the warrant based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets. 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

F- 21 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

in U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, and no state net operating loss carryovers available to offset
future taxable income. 

and . 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Transaction costs allocated to warrants 

Valuation allowance and other 

Income tax provision 

F- 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_logistics.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Alan Gershenhorn, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alan Gershenhorn 

Alan
 Gershenhorn 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_logistics.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Isaac Applbaum, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Isaac Applbaum 

Isaac
 Applbaum 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_logistics.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. (the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Alan Gershenhorn, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alan Gershenhorn 

Alan
 Gershenhorn 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_logistics.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Isaac Applbaum,
Chief Financial Officer and Director, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Isaac Applbaum 

Isaac
 Applbaum 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 litt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 litt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 litt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 litt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 litt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

