<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1642159_0001493152-23-009883.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8250698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>215040</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>969037</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3661802</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1273859</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1893372</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009883.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331061423
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009883
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001642159
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				472573116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55575
		FILM NUMBER:		23783059

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9190 W OLYMPIC BLVD # 263
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-368-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9190 W OLYMPIC BLVD # 263
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reign Resources Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reign Sapphire Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150512

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009883.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 File
 Number) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (zip
 code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.0001 Par Value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the issued and outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . For purposes of the above statement
only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is
not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

SIGYN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 2022
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 15 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 29 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 

2 

DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Description
of Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, 
 believes, seeks, could, estimates, expects, intends, 
 may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, 
 would and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current
views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the factors described in the section captioned Risk Factors below. Given these uncertainties,
you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, information
related to: anticipated operating results; licensing arrangements; relationships with our customers; consumer demand; financial resources
and condition; changes in revenues; changes in profitability; changes in accounting treatment; cost of sales; selling, general and administrative
expenses; interest expense; the ability to secure materials and subcontractors; the ability to produce the liquidity or enter into agreements
to acquire the capital necessary to continue our operations and take advantage of opportunities; legal proceedings and claims. 

Also,
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report and
the documents that we reference and filed as exhibits to this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even
if new information becomes available in the future. 

USE
OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to we, us, our, our
Company, or the Company is of Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. 

In
addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this report only: 

Sigyn 
 refers to Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Commission 
 refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Background 

Business
Overview 

Sigyn
Therapeutics, Inc. Sigyn , the Company , we, us, or our is a development-stage
company focused on creating therapeutic solutions that address unmet needs in global health. Our corporate address is 2468 Historic Decatur
Road, Suite 140, San Diego, California, 92106. 

Sigyn
Therapy , our lead product candidate, is a broad-spectrum blood purification technology designed to treat pathogen-associated inflammatory
disorders that are not addressed with approved drug therapies. Candidate treatment indications include endotoxemia and inflammation in
end-stage renal disease (dialysis) patients, sepsis (a leading cause of hospital deaths), community acquired pneumonia (a leading cause
of death among infectious diseases), and emerging pandemic threats. 

Our
development pipeline includes a cancer treatment system comprised of ChemoPrep to enhance the tumor site delivery of chemotherapy,
and ChemoPure to reduce treatment toxicity and inhibit the spread of cancer metastasis. 

Merger
Transaction 

On
October 19, 2020, Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Registrant formerly known as Reign Resources Corporation,
completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc., a private entity incorporated in the
State of Delaware on October 19, 2019. 

In
the Share Exchange Agreement, we acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of privately held Sigyn Therapeutics common stock
in exchange for 75 of the fully paid and nonassessable shares of our common stock outstanding (the Acquisition ). In conjunction
with the transaction, we changed our name from Reign Resources Corporation to Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. pursuant to an amendment to our
articles of incorporation that was filed with the State of Delaware. Subsequently, our trading symbol was changed to SIGY. The Acquisition
was treated by the Company as a reverse merger in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). For accounting purposes, Sigyn is considered to have acquired Reign Resources Corporation as the accounting acquirer
because: (i) Sigyn stockholders own 75 of the combined company, on an as-converted basis, immediately following the Closing Date, (ii)
Sigyn directors hold a majority of board seats in the combined company and (iii) Sigyn management held all key positions in the management
of the combined company. Accordingly, Sigyn s historical results of operations will replace Reign Resources Corporation s
historical results of operations for all periods prior to the Acquisition and, for all periods following the Acquisition, the results
of operations of the combined company will be included in the Company s financial statements. The
Acquisition was treated as a tax-free exchange under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and resulted in the
private Sigyn Therapeutics corporate entity (established on October 29, 2019) to become a wholly owned subsidiary of Reign Resources
Corporation. Among the conditions for closing the acquisition, the Reign Resources Corporation extinguished all previously reported liabilities,
its preferred class of shares, and all stock purchase options. As a result, the reported liabilities totalling 3,429,516 were converted
into a total of 7,907,351 common shares. Additionally, assets held on the books of Reign Resources
Corporation, such as Gem inventory, was kept in the Company and therefore recorded as assets on the Share Exchange date. Upon
the closing of the Acquisition, we appointed James A. Joyce and Craig P. Roberts to serve as members of our Board of Directors. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had a total 42,713,325 shares issued and outstanding, of which 17,073,325 shares are held by non-affiliate shareholders. 

4 

Post-Merger
Developments 

Since
the consummation of the Acquisition on October 19, 2020, we have advanced Sigyn Therapy from conceptual design through completion of
 in vitro studies that have quantified the reduction of relevant therapeutic targets from human blood plasma with small-scale versions
of Sigyn Therapy. These include endotoxin (gram-negative bacterial toxin); peptidoglycan and lipoteichoic acid (gram-positive bacterial
toxins); viral pathogens (including SARS-CoV-2); hepatic toxins (ammonia, bile acid, and bilirubin); and tumour necrosis factor alpha
(TNF alpha), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1b), and interleukin 6 (IL-6), which are pro-inflammatory cytokines whose dysregulated production
(the cytokine storm) precipitate sepsis and play a prominent role in each of our therapeutic opportunities. 

Subsequent
to these studies, we disclosed the completion of in vivo animal studies. In these studies, Sigyn Therapy was administered via
standard dialysis machines utilizing conventional blood-tubing sets, for periods of up to six hours in eight (8) porcine (pig) subjects,
each weighing approximately 40-45 kilograms. The studies were comprised of a pilot phase (two subjects), which evaluated the feasibility
of the study protocol in the first-in-mammal use of Sigyn Therapy; and an expansion phase (six subjects) to further assess treatment
feasibility and refine pre-treatment set-up and operating procedures. There were no serious adverse events reported in any of the treated
animal subjects. Of the eight treatments, seven were administered for the entire six-hour treatment period. One treatment was halted
early due to the observation of a clot in the device, which was believed to be the result of a procedural deviation in the pre-treatment
set-up. Important criteria for treatment feasibility including hemodynamic parameters, serum chemistries and hematologic measurements
 were stable across all subjects. 

The
studies were conducted by a clinical team at Innovative BioTherapies, Inc. IBT ), under a contract with the University
of Michigan to utilize animal care, associated institutional review oversight, as well as surgical suite facilities located within the
North Campus Research Complex. The treatment protocol of the study was reviewed and approved by the University of Michigan Institutional
Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC). 

The
animal studies were conducted to correspond with FDA s best practice guidance. The number of animals enrolled in our study and
the amount of data collected was based on the ethical and least burdensome principles that underly the FDA goal of using the minimum
number of animals necessary to generate valid scientific data to demonstrate reasonable feasibility and performance of a medical device
prior to human study consideration. A porcine animal model is a generally accepted model for the study of extracorporeal blood purification
devices intended to treat infectious disease and inflammatory disorders. Regardless of these factors, FDA may require that we conduct
additional animal studies. 

The
data resulting from our in vivo and in vitro studies is being incorporated into an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) that
we are drafting for submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA to support the potential initiation of a
human feasibility study in End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) patients with endotoxemia and elevated inflammatory cytokine production. As
per the study protocol, Sigyn Therapy is to be administered in combination with the regularly scheduled dialysis treatments of enrolled
subjects. The primary study objective will be to evaluate the safety of Sigyn Therapy in health compromised ESRD patients. A secondary
objective will be to quantify changes in circulating levels of endotoxin, tumour necrosis factor- lpha (TNF- ), interleukin-1 
(IL-1 ), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) before and after each Sigyn Therapy administration. Endotoxin and excess TNF- , IL-1 ,
and IL-6 production are commonly associated with each of our candidate treatment indications, including sepsis and community-acquired
pneumonia. 

Based
on our previous experience in developing extracorporeal blood purification therapies, we believe that we have collected sufficient data
to support first-in-human studies of Sigyn Therapy. In this regard, we plan to submit an IDE application to FDA related to the potential
initiation of a human feasibility study during the 2023 calendar year. However, there is no assurance that FDA will approve the initiation
of our feasibility study. Additionally, while we believe the data from our in vivo and in vitro studies provides support for our
IDE submission, FDA may request that we conduct additional animal or pre-clinical studies prior to approving our IDE. Among our previous
experiences in developing extracorporeal blood purification therapies, our CEO oversaw the development of the Aethlon Hemopurifier, a
first-in-industry device that received an FDA Breakthrough Device designation for the treatment of life-threatening viruses
and was awarded a second FDA Breakthrough Device designation related to the treatment of cancer. 

5 

Sigyn
Therapy Mechanism of Action 

We
designed Sigyn Therapy to be a candidate to treat pathogen-associated inflammatory conditions that are life-threatening. To date, pre-clinical
 in vitro studies have quantified the reduction of viral pathogens, bacterial toxins, and inflammatory mediators from human blood
plasma with small-scale versions of Sigyn Therapy. Such capabilities establish Sigyn Therapy as a candidate to treat pathogen-associated
conditions that precipitate Sepsis, Community Acquired Pneumonia, Emerging Bioterror and Pandemic threats, and End-Stage Renal Disease
patients with endotoxemia and elevated inflammatory cytokine production. 

To
support widespread implementation, Sigyn Therapy is a single-use disposable device that is deployable on the global infrastructure of
hemodialysis and continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) machines already located in hospitals and clinics. To reduce the risk of
blood clotting and hemolysis, the anticoagulant heparin is administered, which is the standard-of-care drug administered in dialysis
and CRRT therapies. During animal studies conducted at the University of Michigan, Sigyn Therapy was deployed for use on a hemodialysis
machine manufactured by Fresenius Medical Care, the global leader in the dialysis industry. 

Incorporated
within Sigyn Therapy is a cocktail of adsorbent components formulated to optimize the broad-spectrum reduction of therapeutic
targets from the bloodstream. In the medical field, the term cocktail is a reference to the simultaneous administration
of multiple drugs (a drug cocktail) with differing mechanisms of actions. While drug cocktails are emerging as potential mechanisms to
treat cancer, they are life-saving countermeasures to treat HIV and Hepatitis-C viral infections. However, dosing of multi-drug agent
cocktails is limited by toxicity and adverse events that can result from deleterious drug interactions. 

Sigyn
Therapy is not constrained by such limitations as active adsorbent components are maintained within Sigyn Therapy and not introduced
into the body. As a result, we are able to incorporate a substantial quantity of adsorbent components to capture therapeutic targets
outside of the body as they circulate through Sigyn Therapy. Each adsorbent component has differing capture characteristics that contribute
to optimizing the potential of Sigyn Therapy to reduce the presence of pathogenic and inflammatory targets that precipitate the cytokine
storm that underlies sepsis and other life-threatening inflammatory disorders. 

The
adsorbent components incorporated within Sigyn Therapy provide more than 200,000 square meters (~50 acres) of surface area on which to
adsorb and remove circulating viruses, bacterial toxins, and inflammatory mediators. Beyond a potential capacity to reduce therapeutic
targets from human blood plasma, we believe that Sigyn Therapy offers an efficient treatment methodology. Based on targeted blood flow
rates of 350ml/min, a patient s entire bloodstream can pass through Sigyn Therapy more than fifteen times during a single four-hour
treatment period. 

From
a technical perspective, Sigyn Therapy is a 325mm long polycarbonate column that internally contains polyethersulphone hollow fibers
that have porous walls with a median pore size of ~200 nanometers (nm). As blood flows into Sigyn Therapy, plasma and therapeutic targets
below 200nm travel through the porous walls as a result of blood-side pressure. As the hollow fiber bundle within Sigyn Therapy creates
a resistance to the flow of blood, a pressure drop is created along the length of the device such that the blood-side pressure is higher
at the blood inlet and lower at the blood outlet. This allows for plasma and therapeutic targets to flow away from the blood and into
the extra-lumen space (inside the polycarbonate shell, yet outside the hollow-fiber bundle) to interact with Sigyn Therapy s adsorbent
components in a low shear force environment. In the distal third of the fiber bundle, the pressure gradient is reversed, which allows
for plasma to flow back through the fiber walls to be reconvened into the bloodstream without the presence of therapeutic targets that
were captured or bound by adsorbent components housed in the extra-lumen space of Sigyn Therapy. 

Overview
of Candidate Treatment Indications 

Based
on data resulting from in vitro blood purification studies, our candidate treatment indications include, but are not limited
to; pathogen-associated inflammatory conditions that precipitate Sepsis (leading cause of hospital deaths worldwide), Community
Acquired Pneumonia (a leading cause of death among infectious diseases), Emerging Bioterror and Pandemic threats, and endotoxemia
and inflammation in End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) patients. However,
there is no assurance that human feasibility and pivotal studies will demonstrate Sigyn Therapy to be a safe and efficacious
treatment for any treatment indications. 

6 

End-Stage
Renal Disease, Endotoxemia and Inflammation 

According
to the United States Renal Data System (USRDS), more than 550,000 individuals suffer from end-stage renal disease (ESRD), which results
in approximately 85 million kidney dialysis treatments being administered in the United States each year. Persistent inflammation is
a hallmark feature of ESRD as reflected by the excess production of inflammatory cytokines, including tumour necrosis factor- 
(TNF- ), interleukin-1 (IL-1 and interleukin-6 (IL-6), which contribute to increased all-cause mortality. ESRD inflammation
also induces intestinal permeability, which allows endotoxin (gram-negative bacterial toxin) to translocate from the gut and into the
bloodstream. Beyond fuelling further inflammation, endotoxin is potent activator of sepsis, which can lead to multiple organ failure
and ultimately death. 

Sigyn
Therapy establishes a candidate strategy to improve the health and quality-of-life of ESRD patients. Beyond its potential to reduce endotoxin,
TNF- , IL-1 , and IL-6 from human blood plasma, Sigyn Therapy can be administered in series with regularly scheduled dialysis
therapy. 

We
are currently preparing an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) for submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA related to a human feasibility study of Sigyn Therapy in ESRD patients with endotoxemia and elevated inflammatory cytokine production.
As per the study protocol, Sigyn Therapy will be administered in combination with the regularly scheduled dialysis treatments of enrolled
subjects. The primary study objective will be to evaluate the safety of Sigyn Therapy in health compromised ESRD patients. A secondary
objective is to quantify changes in circulating levels of endotoxin, tumour necrosis factor- (TNF- ), interleukin-1 
(IL-1 ), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) before and after each Sigyn Therapy administration. Endotoxin and excess TNF- , IL-1 ,
and IL-6 production are commonly associated with each of our candidate treatment indications, including sepsis and community-acquired
pneumonia. 

Sepsis 

Sepsis
is defined as a life-threatening organ dysfunction caused by a dysregulated host response to infection. In January of 2020, a report
entitled; Global, Regional, and National Sepsis Incidence and Mortality, 1990-2017: Analysis for the Global Burden of Disease
Study, was published in the Journal Lancet. The publication reported 48.9 million cases of sepsis and 11 million deaths in
2017. In that same year, an estimated 20.3 million sepsis cases and 2.9 million deaths were among children younger than 5-years old.
The report included a reference that sepsis kills more people around the world than all forms of cancer combined. In the United States,
sepsis was reported to be the most common cause of hospital deaths with an annual financial burden that exceeds 24 billion. 

To
date, more than 100 human studies have been conducted to evaluate the safety and efficacy of candidate drugs to treat sepsis. With one
brief exception (Xigris, Eli Lilly), none of these studies resulted in a market cleared therapy. As sepsis remains beyond the reach of
single-target drugs, there is an emerging interest in multi-mechanism therapies that can target both inflammatory and pathogen associated
targets. Sigyn Therapy addresses a broad-spectrum of pathogen sources and the resulting dysregulated cytokine production (the cytokine
storm) that is the hallmark of sepsis. Additionally, we believe that inflammatory cytokine cargos transported by CytoVesicles may represent
a novel, yet important therapeutic target. 

Community
Acquired Pneumonia 

Community
Acquired Pneumonia (CAP) represents a significant opportunity for Sigyn Therapy to reduce the occurrence of sepsis. CAP is a leading
cause of death among infectious diseases, the leading cause of death in children under five years of age, and a catalyst for approximately
50 of sepsis and septic shock cases. 

In
the United States, more than 1.5 million individuals are hospitalized with CAP each year, resulting in an annual financial burden that
exceeds 10 billion. 

7 

Statistically,
a therapeutic strategy that reduced the incidence of CAP related sepsis and septic shock would save thousands of lives each year. In
a study of 4,222 patients, the all-cause mortality for adult patients with CAP was reported to be 6.5 during hospitalization. However,
the mortality of patients with CAP related sepsis and septic shock rose to 51 during hospitalization. 

CAP
is further complicated by the fact that the pathogen sources of CAP are identified in only 38 of patients, based on a study of 2,259
subjects whose pneumonia diagnosis was confirmed by chest x-ray. Of the source pathogens identified in the study, ninety seven percent
(97 were either viral or bacterial in origin. 

To
reduce the occurrence of CAP related sepsis and septic shock, Sigyn Therapy offers a broad-spectrum mechanism to reduce the circulating
presence of viral pathogens and bacterial toxins before and if they are identified as the CAP pathogen source. Additionally, Sigyn Therapy
may help to control the excess production of inflammatory cytokines (the cytokine storm) that precipitate sepsis and septic shock. 

Emerging
Pandemic Threats 

Covid-19
affirmed the use of extracorporeal blood purification as a first-line countermeasures to treat an emerging pandemic threat not addressed
with an approved drug or vaccine at the outset of an outbreak. On March 24, 2020, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
declared that the emergence of COVID-19 justified the Emergency-Use Authorization (EUA) of drugs, biological products, and medical devices
to combat the pandemic. Within a month of this HHS declaration, FDA awarded an EUA to blood purification therapies from Terumo BCT, ExThera
Medical Corporation, CytoSorbents, Inc., and Baxter Healthcare Corporation. In connection with these authorizations, FDA published a
statement that blood purification devices may be effective at treating patients with confirmed COVID-19 by reducing various pathogens,
cytokines, and other inflammatory mediators from the bloodstream. 

Consistent
with FDA s statement, small-scale versions of Sigyn Therapy have been quantified to reduce the presence of various pathogens, cytokines,
and other inflammatory mediators from human blood plasma during in vitro studies. As such, we believe that Sigyn Therapy could
provide a candidate strategy to treat future pandemic outbreaks, which are increasingly being fuelled by a confluence of global warming,
urban crowding, and intercontinental travel. 

Additionally,
as a majority of infectious human viruses are not addressed with a corresponding drug or vaccine, there may be an ongoing need for blood
purification technologies that offer to reduce the severity of infection and mitigate the excess production of inflammatory cytokines
(the cytokine storm) associated with high mortality in non-pandemic viral infections. In this regard, we believe Sigyn Therapy aligns
with HHS initiatives established through the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasure Enterprise (PHEMCE) that support the development
of broad-spectrum medical countermeasures that can mitigate the impact of an emerging pandemic or bioterror threat, yet also have viability
in established disease indications. 

Candidate
Pipeline Product 

Beyond
our focus to clinically advance Sigyn Therapy, we intend to develop a pipeline of extracorporeal blood purification therapies. In this
regard, we have designed a therapeutic system to enhance the benefit of cancer chemotherapy. To support this endeavor, we disclosed
on October 6, 2022, that a patent application entitled: SYSTEM AND METHODS TO ENHANCE CHEMOTHERAPY DELIVERY AND REDUCE TOXICITY 
 had been filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ). On October 13, 2022, we subsequently disclosed
that trademark applications to register ChemoPrep TM and ChemoPure TM were filed with the USPTO . 

Chemotherapeutic
agents are the most commonly administered drugs to treat cancer, which is the second leading cause of death in the United States. Despite
therapeutic advances, treatment toxicity, drug resistance and inadequate tumour site delivery restrict the benefit of chemotherapy. To
overcome these challenges, our patent submission describes a therapeutic device system whose primary objective is to enhance tumour site
delivery of chemotherapy and reduce its toxicity. A secondary objective of the system is to reduce treatment dosing without sacrificing
patient benefit, or conversely increase chemotherapy dosing without added toxicity. In concert with these objectives, our candidate therapeutic
system offers to inhibit the spread of cancer metastasis that can be induced by the administration of chemotherapy. 

8 

Our
proposed chemotherapy enhancement system is comprised of two blood purification technologies. ChemoPrep TM , administered prior
to chemotherapy to optimize tumour site delivery and improve the benefit of ChemoPure TM , which is deployed post-chemotherapy
to reduce treatment toxicity and inhibit the potential spread of cancer metastasis. 

To
improve the delivery of chemotherapeutic agents, we designed ChemoPrep TM with an objective to reduce the bloodstream presence
of tumour-derived extracellular vesicles or exosomes (Tumor-EXs) that diminish the efficacy of chemotherapy. As compared to non-cancer
subjects, Tumor-EXs are highly concentrated in the bloodstream of those suffering from cancer. Tumor-EXs decoy and directly inhibit chemotherapeutic
agents from reaching tumour cell targets. Tumor-EXs have also been reported to export chemotherapeutic agents out of cancer cells. Based
on these factors, we believe the pre-chemo depletion of circulating Tumor-EXs could establish a novel, yet practical strategy to increase
tumour-site saturation of chemotherapy, which in turn may permit for lower doses of chemotherapy to be administered without diminishing
patient benefit. 

ChemoPrep TM
 may also improve the performance of ChemoPure TM as a reduced bloodstream presence of Tumor-EXs, which are competitive
binding and adsorption factors based on similar size and structural characteristics, would likely increase the efficiency of ChemoPure TM
 to reduce the presence of off-target chemotherapeutic agents that remain circulating in the bloodstream. 

ChemoPure TM
 was designed to perform two critical functions after chemotherapy administration. To reduce treatment toxicity by lowering the
bloodstream presence of chemotherapeutic agents that are not delivered to the target tumour site, and to reduce the circulating presence
of chemotherapy-induced Tumor-EXs that may promote the spread of cancer metastases. 

Unlike
Sigyn Therapy TM , which is a candidate to treat life-threatening conditions that are not addressed with approved drug therapies,
the intent of the ChemoPrep TM and ChemoPure TM is to enhance the delivery of market-cleared chemotherapeutic drugs
and reduce their toxicity. Additionally, while Sigyn Therapy TM is a hollow-fiber based device designed for use on dialysis
and continuous renal replacement machines, ChemoPrep TM and ChemoPure TM do not contain hollow-fibers and are intended
for use on portable blood processing systems that can be located within the clinical sites where chemotherapy is administered. During
treatment, the functionality of the blood processing system allows for patient blood plasma to flow through our devices, which contain
formulations of adsorbent and binding components intended deplete Tumor-EXs and chemotherapeutic agents from the bloodstream. 

In
an in vitro study conducted by researchers at Innovative Biotherapies, we obtained pre-clinical insight that liposomal nanoparticles,
commonly used to deliver chemotherapeutic agents, can be reduced from human blood plasma with a formulation of adsorbent components.
In the study, liposome concentrations in human blood plasma were reduced by 92.5 after a two-hour interaction with the adsorbent components.
Beyond providing initial support for our candidate strategy to remove liposomal drug agents, the study established the possibility that
Tumor-EXs may also be reduced from blood plasma as liposomes have previously served as a research model system for isolating extracellular
vesicles and exosomes based on a similarity of size and structural characteristics. 

Recent
Corporate Developments 

December
 2020 Reported the first in vitro study results of Sigyn Therapy. The study
 reported the simultaneous reduction of endotoxin, a gram-negative bacterial toxin, and relevant
 pro-inflammatory cytokines from human blood plasma. The cytokines evaluated in the study
 were Interleukin-1 Beta (IL-1B), Interleukin-6 (IL-6) and Tumor Necrosis Factor alpha (TNF-a). 

January
 2021 - Reported the results of an in vitro study that modelled the potential of
 Sigyn Therapy adsorbent components to reduce the presence of CytoVesicles (extracellular
 vesicles that transport inflammatory cargos in the bloodstream) from human blood plasma. 

January
 2021 - Appointed industry veteran Eric Lynam as Head of Clinical Affairs, with a mandate
 to oversee clinical studies of Sigyn Therapy. 

9 

April
 2021 - Disclosed in vitro study observations that small-scale versions of Sigyn
 Therapy were quantified to reduce the presence of viral pathogens, including SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19)
 from human blood plasma. 

April
 2021 - Appointed former Aethlon Medical executive Charlene Owen as Director of Operations. 

July
 2021 - Disclosed the completion of in vitro studies that quantified the reduction
 of hepatic toxins (ammonia, bile acid bilirubin) from human blood plasma with small-scale
 versions of Sigyn Therapy. 

July
 2021 - Disclosed the completion of a first-in-mammal pilot animal study of Sigyn Therapy
 at the University of Michigan. 

December
 2021 - Reported that small-scale versions of Sigyn Therapy reduced the presence of gram-positive
 bacterial toxins from human blood plasma. 

February
 2022 - Reported the subsequent completion of an in vivo animal study of Sigyn
 Therapy at the University of Michigan. 

March
 2022 - Appointed Jeremy Ferrell, CPA, MBA as Chief Financial Officer. 

March
 2022 - Announced the appointments of two internationally recognized clinician researchers,
 Alexander S. Yevzlin, MD, FASN and H. David Humes, MD, to Sigyn Therapeutics Scientific
 Advisory Board. 

March
 2022 - Ajay Verma, MD, PhD, a recognized thought leader in the field of neurology joins
 the Scientific Advisory Board. 

April
 2022 - Donald J. Hillebrand, M.D., a recognized thought leader in the field of Hepatology
 and Liver Transplantation joins the Scientific Advisory Board. 

August
 2022 The Company s common stock commences trading on the OTCQB Venture
 Market. 

October
 2022 

Announced
 the appointment of Richa Nand, B.S., J.D.; Jim Dorst, B.S., M.S.; and Christopher Wetzel,
 B.S., M.B.A. to our Board of Directors. 

Patent
 application entitled: SYSTEM AND METHODS TO ENHANCE CHEMOTHERAPY DELIVERY AND REDUCE
 TOXICITY is submitted to the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ). 

Trademark
 applications to register ChemoPrep TM and ChemoPure TM are filed with
 the USPTO related to medical device products to enhance cancer therapies. 

Marketing
and Sales 

At
present, our primary focus is the clinical and regulatory advancement of Sigyn Therapy. As such, we do not market or sell any therapeutic
products at this time. However, we plan to forge relationships with organizations that have established distribution channels into markets
that may have a demand for Sigyn Therapy should it receive market clearance from FDA or other foreign regulatory agencies. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
own the intellectual property rights to pending royalty-free patents that have been assigned to us by our co-founders, James A. Joyce
and Craig P. Roberts. We have also received a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
related to the use of Sigyn Therapeutics, Sigyn Therapy, and the protection of our corporate logo. We plan to continually expand our
intellectual property portfolio and protect trade secrets that are not the subject of patent submissions. However, there is no assurance
that the claims of current pending and future patent applications will result in issued patents. Pending changes in patent law, it is
anticipated that each patent that becomes issued will have an enforceable life that will extend for a period of 20 years from the initial
patent filing date and will expire at the end of such 20-year terms. 

10 

At
present, we own the rights to the following patents pending. 

DEVICES,
SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR THE BROAD-SPECTRUM REDUCTION OF PRO-INFLAMMATORY CYTOKINES IN BLOOD - U.S. Application No.: 62/881,740; Filing
Date: 2019-08-01 - Inventors: Joyce and Roberts 

DEVICES,
SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR THE BROAD-SPECTRUM REDUCTION OF PRO-INFLAMMATORY CYTOKINES IN BLOOD - International Patent Application No.: PCT/US2020/044223;
Filing Date: 2020-07-30 - Inventors: Joyce and Roberts 

DEVICES,
SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR THE BROAD-SPECTRUM REDUCTION OF PRO-INFLAMMATORY CYTOKINES IN BLOOD - U.S. Patent Application No.: 16/943,436;
Filing Date: 2020-07-30 - Inventors: Joyce and Roberts 

DEVICES,
SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR THE BROAD-SPECTRUM REDUCTION OF PRO-INFLAMMATORY CYTOKINES IN BLOOD - EP No.: 20757445; Filing Date: 2022-01-24
- Inventors: Joyce and Roberts 

DEVICES,
SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR THE BROAD-SPECTRUM REDUCTION OF PRO-INFLAMMATORY CYTOKINES IN BLOOD - CA No.: 3148773; Filing Date: 2022-01-25
- Inventors: Joyce and Roberts 

DEVICES,
SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR THE BROAD-SPECTRUM REDUCTION OF PRO-INFLAMMATORY CYTOKINES IN BLOOD - JP No.: 2022-506670; Filing Date: 2022-01-31
- Inventors: Joyce and Roberts 

EXTRA-LUMEN
ADSORPTION OF VIRAL PATHOGENS FROM BLOOD U.S. Patent Application No.: 63/177,520; Filing Date: 2021-04-21 Inventor: James A. Joyce 

SYSTEM
AND METHODS TO ENHANCE CHEMOTHERAPY DELIVERY AND REDUCE TOXICITY U.S. Patent Application No.: 63/410,764; Filing Date: 09/28/2022 Inventor:
James A. Joyce 

Government
Regulation 

In
the United States, Sigyn Therapy is subject to regulation by the FDA. Should we seek to commercialize Sigyn Therapy outside the United
States, we expect to face comparable international regulatory oversight. The U.S. regulatory jurisdiction for extracorporeal blood purification
therapies is the Center for Devices and Radiological Health CDRH ), the FDA branch that oversees the market approval of
medical devices. 

Based
on published CDRH guidance, we believe that Sigyn Therapy will be classified as a Class III medical device that is subject to a Pre-Market
Approval PMA submission pathway. A PMA pathway requires extensive data, including but not limited to technical documents,
preclinical studies, animal studies, human clinical trials, the establishment of Current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMPs standards and labelling that fulfils FDA s requirement to demonstrate reasonable evidence of safety and effectiveness of a medical
device product. However, as Sigyn Therapy does not emit electronic product radiation, it will not be subject to regulatory challenges
associated with medical devices that emit electronic radiation. 

11 

The
commercialization of medical devices in the United States requires either a prior 510(k) clearance, unless it is exempt, or a PMA from
the FDA. Generally, if a new device has a predicate that is already on the market under a 510(k) clearance, the FDA will allow that new
device to be marketed under a 510(k) clearance; otherwise, a premarket approval, or PMA, is required. Medical devices are classified
into one of three classes; Class I, Class II or Class III which are determined by the degree of risk associated with each medical device
and the extent of control needed to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are deemed to be low risk
and are subject to the general controls of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, such as provisions that relate to: adulteration;
misbranding; registration and listing; notification, including repair, replacement, or refund; records and reports; and good manufacturing
practices. Most Class I devices are classified as exempt from pre-market notification under section 510(k) of the FD C Act, and therefore
may be commercially distributed without obtaining 510(k) clearance from the FDA. Class II devices are subject to both general controls
and special controls to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Special controls include performance standards, post
market surveillance, patient registries and guidance documents. A manufacturer may be required to submit to the FDA a pre-market notification
requesting permission to commercially distribute some Class II devices. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as
life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices, or devices deemed not substantially equivalent to a previously cleared 510(k)
device, are placed in Class III. A Class III device cannot be marketed in the United States unless the FDA approves the device after
submission of a PMA. We believe that Sigyn Therapy will be classified as a Class III device and as such will be subject to a PMA submission
and approval. 

Should
Sigyn Therapy receive market clearance from FDA, we would need to comply with applicable laws and regulations that govern the development,
testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, storage, distribution, advertising and promotion, and post-marketing surveillance reporting
for medical devices. Failure to comply with these applicable requirements may subject a device and/or its manufacturer to a variety of
administrative sanctions, such as issuance of warning letters, import detentions, civil monetary penalties and/or judicial sanctions,
such as product seizures, injunctions and criminal prosecution. Our failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could have
a material adverse effect on our operations. 

The
Pre-market Approval Pathway 

A
pre-market approval (PMA) application must be submitted to the FDA for Class III devices for which FDA requires a PMA. The PMA application
process is much more demanding than the 510(k)-pre-market notification process. A PMA application must be supported by extensive data,
including but not limited to technical, preclinical, clinical trials, manufacturing and labeling to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction
reasonable evidence of safety and effectiveness of the device. 

After
a PMA application is submitted, the FDA has 45 days to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive
review and thus whether the FDA will file the application for review. The FDA has 180 days to review a filed PMA application, although
the review of an application generally occurs over a significantly longer period of time and can take up to several years. During this
review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification of the information already provided. Also, an advisory panel
of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the
approvability of the device. 

Although
the FDA is not bound by the advisory panel decision, the panel s recommendations are important to the FDA decision making process.
In addition, the FDA may conduct a preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure compliance with the Quality System
Regulation, or QSR. The agency also may inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with FDA s regulations. 

Upon
completion of the PMA review, the FDA may: (i) approve the PMA which authorizes commercial marketing with specific prescribing information
for one or more indications, which can be more limited than those originally sought; (ii) issue an approvable letter which indicates
the FDA s belief that the PMA is approvable and states what additional information the FDA requires, or the post-approval commitments
that must be agreed to prior to approval; issue a not approvable letter which outlines steps required for approval, but which are typically
more onerous than those in an approvable letter, and may require additional clinical trials that are often expensive and time consuming
and can delay approval for months or even years; or (iv) deny the application. If the FDA issues an approvable or not approvable letter,
the applicant has 180 days to respond, after which the FDA s review clock is reset. 

12 

Clinical
Trials 

Clinical
trials are almost always required to support PMA market clearance and are sometimes required for 510(k) clearance. In the United States,
for significant risk Class III devices, these trials require submission of an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) application to the
FDA. The IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing it is safe to
test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE must be approved in advance by the FDA for a
specific number of patients at specified study sites. During the trial, the sponsor must comply with the FDA s IDE requirements
for investigator selection, trial monitoring, reporting and record keeping. The investigators must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously
follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition of investigational devices and comply with all reporting
and record keeping requirements. Clinical trials for Class III devices may not begin until the IDE application is approved by the FDA
and the appropriate institutional review boards, or IRBs, at the clinical trial sites. An IRB is an appropriately constituted group that
has been formally designated to review and monitor medical research involving subjects and which has the authority to approve, require
modifications in, or disapprove research to protect the rights, safety and welfare of human research subjects. The FDA or the IRB at
each site at which a clinical trial is being performed may withdraw approval of a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including
a belief that the risks to study subjects outweigh the benefits or a failure to comply with FDA or IRB requirements. Even if a trial
is completed, there is no assurance that clinical testing will demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of Sigyn Therapy or other pipeline
devices. 

Manufacturing
and Procurement 

We
are advancing a manufacturing relationship with an FDA registered Contract Manufacturing Organization (CMO) to establish cGMPs compliant
manufacturing to support human clinical studies and potential commercialization should we receive clearance to market Sigyn Therapy.
We plan to establish manufacturing procedure specifications that define each stage of our manufacturing, inspection and testing processes
and the control parameters or acceptance criteria that apply to each activity that result in the production of our technology. 

We
have also established relationships with industry vendors that provide components necessary to manufacture our device. Should the relationship
with an industry vendor be interrupted or discontinued, we believe that alternate component suppliers can be identified to support the
continued manufacturing of our product. However, delays related to interrupted or discontinued vendor relationships could adversely impact
our business. 

Research
and Product Development 

To
date, we have outsourced our research and product development activities, which include the performance of in vitro blood plasma
validation studies, animal studies, pre-cGMPs product assembly and manufacturing through third party organizations with experience in
advancing extracorporeal blood purification technologies. Our pre-clinical in vitro blood plasma studies we each performed under
an agreement with Innovative BioTherapies, Inc. (IBT) and our animal clinical studies were conducted by IBT team members through a contract
with the University of Michigan to utilize animal care, associated institutional review oversight, as well as surgical suite facilities
located within the North Campus Research Complex. While we maintain ownership rights to all study data collected by IBT, we do permit
for IBT to publish or present the results of our contracted studies. At present, we do not have plans to build and staff our own research
and product development facility. 

Environmental
Laws and Regulations 

At
present, our operations are not subject to any environmental laws or regulations. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this filing, we have 4 salaried employees, whose benefits include paid medical, dental, and vision coverage. We also provide
our employees with access to a 401(k) plan, and we anticipate the establishment of an employee equity-stock option plan during the 2023
calendar year. To maintain a manageable employee headcount, we utilize non-employee consultants to perform as-needed services and we
contract with third party research organizations to perform studies designed to support the potential clinical advancement of Sigyn Therapy. 

13 

Available
Information 

We
file various reports with the SEC, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form
8-K, which are available through the SEC s electronic data gathering, analysis and retrieval system EDGAR by accessing
the SEC s home page (http://www.sec.gov). The documents are also available to be read or copied at the SEC s Public Reference
Room located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C., 20549. Information on the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

This
item is not applicable because we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate address is 2468 Historic Decatur Road, Suite 140, San Diego, California, 92106. 

We
believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current needs and that we will be able to lease suitable additional or alternative
space on commercially reasonable terms if and when we need it. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our
business. We are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future.
To the best our knowledge, none of our directors, officers or affiliates is involved in a legal proceeding adverse to our business or
has a material interest adverse to our business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

There
is no information required to be disclosed by us under this Item. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
stock is quoted on the OTC markets under the symbol SIGY. There are 42,713,325 shares outstanding
as of March 31, 2023. 

(b)
Transfer Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is VStock Transfer, LLC located at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York. 

(b)
Shareholders of Record 

The
number of beneficial holders of record of our common stock as of the close of business on December 31, 2022 was 108. 

14 

(c)
Dividends 

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends in the next term. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operation of
our business. We currently have no restrictions affecting our ability to pay cash dividends. 

(d)
Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not have an equity compensation plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
November 23, 2022, third party investor elected to convert the aggregate principal amount of the Note, 145,200, into 968,000 common
shares. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Because
we are a smaller reporting company, this Item 6 is not applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this filing. This discussion and other parts of this filing contain forward-looking
statements that involve risk and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, and beliefs. Our
actual results may differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
those set forth under Risk Factors and in other parts of this filing, and you should not place undue certain on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this filing. See Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) (19) of the Securities Act. Pursuant to Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act, we may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards, meaning that we can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new
or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies to delay adoption of such standards until such standards are made applicable
to private companies. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public
companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

OVERVIEW: 

Historical
Development 

Our
Company 

Sigyn
Therapeutics, Inc. Sigyn , the Company , we, us, or our is a development-stage
company focused on creating therapeutic solutions that address unmet needs in global health. Our corporate address is 2468 Historic Decatur
Road, Suite 140, San Diego, California, 92106. 

Sigyn
Therapy , our lead product candidate, is a broad-spectrum blood purification technology designed to treat pathogen-associated inflammatory
disorders that are not addressed with approved drug therapies. Candidate treatment indications include endotoxemia and inflammation in
end-stage renal disease (dialysis) patients, sepsis (a leading cause of hospital deaths), community acquired pneumonia (a leading cause
of death among infectious diseases), and emerging pandemic threats. 

Our
development pipeline includes a cancer treatment system comprised of ChemoPrep to enhance the tumor site delivery of chemotherapy,
and ChemoPure to reduce treatment toxicity and inhibit the spread of cancer metastasis. 

15 

Financing
Transactions 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company has 10,000,000 shares of par value 0.0001 preferred stock authorized, of which no preferred shares are issued and outstanding
at December, 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has authorized 1,000,000,000 shares of par value 0.0001 common stock, of which 42,713,325 shares were outstanding as of December
31, 2022. 

On
November 23, 2022, an investor elected to convert the aggregate principal amount of the Note, 145,200, into 968,000 common shares. 

On
October 28, 2021, an investor elected to convert 16,714 of the aggregate principal amount of the Note of 199,650, into 42,857 common
shares. 

On
October 25, 2021, an investor elected to convert the aggregate principal amount of the Note, 110,000, into 157,143 common shares. 

On
October 20, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor that resulted in the issuance
of 320,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 320,000 shares of the Company s common stock for total
proceeds totaling 400,000. The offering allowed for qualified investors to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at
 1.25. For each share purchased, the investor received a five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at 1.25 per share.
No commissions were paid in the offering. This issuance was pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in a transaction exempt
from registration. 

On
October 14, 2021, the Company issued a total of 47,000 shares of its common stock valued at 37,600 (based on the stock price of the
Company s common stock on the date of issuance) to a third party, for communications to the financial industry. 

On
July 14, 2021, the Company issued a total of 47,000 shares of its common stock valued at 47,000 (based on the stock price of the Company s
common stock on the date of issuance) to a third party, for communications to the financial industry. 

On
May 10, 2021, Brio Capital elected to convert the aggregate principal amount of a 110,000 convertible note issued on February 10, 2021
into 157,143 shares of the Company s common stock. 

In
April 2021, the Company initiated an offering of up to 1.5 million of the Company s restricted common shares. The offering allowed
for qualified investors to purchase one share of the Company s common stock 1.25. For each share purchased, the investor received
a five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at 1.75 per share. On May 10, 2021, the Company closed the offering to investors
and subsequently disclosed that it had entered into securities purchase agreements with accredited investors that resulted in the issuance
of 1,172,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,172,000 shares of the Company s common stock for
total proceeds totaling 1,465,000. No commissions were paid in the offering. This issuance was pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act in a transaction exempt from registration. 

On
April 14, 2021, the Company issued a total of 47,000 shares of its restricted common stock valued at 82,250 (based on the stock price
of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance) to a third party, for communications to the financial industry. This issuance
was pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act in a transaction exempt from registration. 

16 

On
February 19, 2021, a previous noteholder exercised the warrants pursuant to the cashless exercise provision of the warrant agreement
into 57,147 common shares. The common shares have not been issued as of March 14, 2022. 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company issued a total of 47,000 shares of its restricted common stock valued at 82,250 (based on the stock price
of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance) to a third party, for communications to the financial industry. This issuance
was pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in a transaction exempt from registration. 

Warrants 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements for the maturity date from October 20, 2021 to October 20,
2022. In exchange for the extension of the Note, the Company issued Osher 450,000 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 450,000 shares
of the Company s common stock, valued at 197,501 (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant) (see Note 6).
The warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at 1.00 per share in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless
exercise, and fully vest at grant date. The Company accreted the value of the warrants rateably through October 20, 2022. The Company
recorded 147,720 and 40,041 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified in other expenses in the
consolidated Statements of Operations. 

In
March 2023, the Company offered a short-term inducement to the Company s warrant holders in which the Company will issue one share
of the Company s common stock in exchange for each two warrants returned to the Company to be cancelled. All other terms of the
original grants remain the same. A total of 8,899,019 warrants were exchanged for 4,449,512 shares of the Company s common stock
through March 24, 2023. 

Current
Noteholders 

2023 Convertible Notes 

During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the
Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debentures totaling (i) 970,200
aggregate principal amount of Note (total of 882,000 cash was received) due in various dates in January through March 2024 based on 1.00
for each 0.90909 paid by the previous noteholder and (ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of 6,468,004 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by the holders of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share. 

Osher
 110,000 

On
December 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due December 22, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher noteholder and
(ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 733,333 shares of the Company s
Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the
issuance of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note.
 The conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of
the convertible notes is 0.15 per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 55,000 

On
November 14, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 55,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due November 14, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 366,667 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 50,000 which was issued at a 5,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

17 

Brio
 82,500 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd Brio of (i) 82,500 aggregate principal amount of Note due November 9, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 550,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 75,000 which was issued at a 7,500 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 

On
October 20, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due October 20, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 733,333 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 

On
September 20, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due September 20, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 733,333 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Brio
 82,500 

On
September 9, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. Brio of (i) 82,500 aggregate principal amount of Note due September 9, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 550,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 75,000 which was issued at a 7,500 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 

On
August 31, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due August 31, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 733,333 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

18 

Other
 341,000 

In
July 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debentures (the July 2022 Notes totalling
(i) 341,000 aggregate principal amount of Note (total of 310,000 cash was received) due in various dates in July 2023 based on 1.00
for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of 676,936 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by the holders of the convertible notes is 0.50 per share . 

Osher
 82,500 

On
June 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 82,500 aggregate principal amount of Note due June 22, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 165,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 75,000 which was issued at a 7,500 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 55,000 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 55,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due June 1, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 110,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 50,000 which was issued at a 5,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Brio
 110,000 

On
May 10, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. Brio of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due May 10, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 220,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 

On
April 28, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due April 28, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 220,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

19 

Osher
 110,000 

On
March 23, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due March 23, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 220,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Brio
 110,000 

On
March 23, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. Brio of (i) 110,000 aggregate principal amount of Note due March 23, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 220,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was 100,000 which was issued at a 10,000 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Osher
 199,650 

On
September 17, 2020 (the Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with respect to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital
Partners LLC Osher of (i) 181,500 aggregate principal amount of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture
(the Note due September 30, 2021, based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase
Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,250 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price
of 30.00 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance of the Note and Warrants
was 165,000 which was issued at a 16,500 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.39 per share,
as amended on October 20, 2020, subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company and Osher amended the convertible debt agreement as follows on October 20, 2020: 

The
 parties amended the Warrants dated September 17, 2020, for the number of warrant shares from 8,250 warrant shares to 465,366 warrant
 shares at an exercise price of 0.59 per share. 

The
 parties amended the Note for the maturity date from September 30, 2021 to October 20, 2021. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements as follows: 

The
 parties amended the October 20, 2020 Notes for the maturity date from October 20, 2021 to October 20, 2022. 

The
 parties amended the October 20, 2020 Notes for the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest from 652,300 to 717,530 which
 is issued at a 65,230 original issue discount from the face value of the October 20, 2020 Notes now due October 20, 2022. 

In
 exchange for the extension of the Note, the Company issued Osher five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 450,000 shares of
 the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. 

20 

On
October 28, 2021, Osher elected to convert 16,714 of the aggregate principal amount of the Note of 199,650, into 42,857 common shares. 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Osher
 60,500 (as amended on October 20, 2020 to 55,000) 

On
June 23, 2020 (the Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with respect to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital
Partners LLC Osher of (i) 50,000 aggregate principal amount of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture
(the Note due June 23, 2021, based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 10,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of
 30.00 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance of the Note and Warrants
was 50,005 which was issued at a 0 original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.39 per share,
as amended on October 20, 2020, subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company and Osher amended the convertible debt agreement as follows on October 20, 2020: 

The
 parties amended the Note for the aggregate principal amount from 50,000 to 55,000. The aggregate cash subscription amount received
 by the Company from Osher for the issuance of the Note and Warrants was 50,005 which was issued at an amended 4,995 original issue
 discount from the face value of the Note. 

The
 parties amended the Warrants dated June 23, 2020, for the number of warrant shares from 10,000 warrant shares to 141,020 warrant
 shares at an exercise price of 0.59 per share. 

The
 parties amended the Note for the maturity date from June 23, 2021 to October 20, 2021. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements as follows (see Note 12): 

The
 parties amended the October 20, 2020 Notes for the maturity date from October 20, 2021 to October 20, 2022. 

The
 parties amended the October 20, 2020 Notes for the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest from 652,300 to 717,530 which
 is issued at a 65,230 original issue discount from the face value of the October 20, 2020 Notes now due October 20, 2022. 

In
 exchange for the extension of the Note, the Company issued Osher five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 450,000 shares of
 the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Osher
 457,380 

On
January 28, 2020 (the Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with respect to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital
Partners LLC Osher of (i) 385,000 aggregate principal amount of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture
due January 26, 2021, based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase up
to an aggregate of 80,209 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 7.00 per share. The aggregate cash subscription
amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance of the note and warrants was 350,005 which was issued at a 34,995 original
issue discount from the face value of the Note. The conversion price for the principal in connection
with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.094 per share, as amended on October 20, 2020, subject to adjustment
as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

21 

The
Company and Osher amended the convertible debt agreement as follows on October 20, 2020: 

The
 parties amended the Warrants dated January 28, 2020, for the number of warrant shares from 80,209 warrant shares to 4,113,083 warrant
 shares at an exercise price of 0.14 per share. 

The
 parties amended the Note to provide for interest at 8 per annum. 

The
 parties amended the Note for the maturity date from June 23, 2021 to October 20, 2021. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements as follows: 

The
 parties amended the October 20, 2020 Notes for the maturity date from October 20, 2021 to October 20, 2022. 

The
 parties amended the October 20, 2020 Notes for the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest from 652,300 to 717,530 which
 is issued at a 65,230 original issue discount from the face value of the October 20, 2020 Notes now due October 20, 2022. 

In
 exchange for the extension of the Note, the Company issued Osher five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 450,000 shares of
 the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Previous
Noteholders 

Other
 145,200 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with a third
party investor of (i) 145,200 aggregate principal amount of Note due November 21, 2023 based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by the
previous noteholder and (ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 968,000
shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.25 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by
the Company from the previous noteholder for the issuance of the Note and Warrants was 132,000 which was issued at a 13,200 original
issue discount from the face value of the Note. The conversion price for the principal in connection
with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is 0.15 per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein ,
such as stock splits and stock dividends. 

On
November 23, 2022, third party investor elected to convert the aggregate principal amount of the Note, 145,200, into 968,000 common
shares. 

All
other previous notes were detailed in our Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022. No changes occurred related to these notes during the period
covered by this Form 10-Q. 

Impairment
of Inventory 

Based
on the significant advancement of Sigyn Therapy, the Company decided in the 4 th quarter of 2021 to assess the value of retail
business operations that were a focus of the Company prior to the merger transaction consummated on October 19, 2020. 

Related
to this assessment, management determined the wholesale liquidation value of its sapphire gem inventory to be 5-10 of the previously
reported retail value, based on communications with certified gemologists, the variance between retail and wholesale valuations, and
current market conditions. As a result, the Company has valued the inventory at 50,000 and recorded an impairment of assets of 536,047
in the year ended December 31, 2021 and is classified in other expenses in the consolidated Statements of Operations. 

22 

Limited
Operating History; Need for Additional Capital 

There
is limited historical financial information about us on which to base an evaluation of our performance. We cannot guarantee we will be
successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including
limited capital resources, and possible cost overruns due to increases in the cost of services. To become profitable and competitive,
we must receive additional capital. We have no assurance that future financing will materialize. If that financing is not available,
we may be unable to continue operations. 

Overview
of Presentation 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A or Plan of Operations includes the following sections: 

Results
 of Operations 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

Capital
 Expenditures 

Going
 Concern 

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and professional fees required to support our operations and growth. 

Depending
on the extent of our future growth, we may experience significant strain on our management, personnel, and information systems. We will
need to implement and improve operational, financial, and management information systems. In addition, we are implementing new information
systems that will provide better record-keeping, customer service and billing. However, there can be no assurance that our management
resources or information systems will be sufficient to manage any future growth in our business, and the failure to do so could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Reclassifications 

An
adjustment has been made to the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021, to reclass 1,072 of other current liabilities previously
classified in accrued payroll and payroll taxes. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following discussion represents a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The results
of operations for the periods shown in our audited consolidated financial statements are not necessarily indicative of operating results
for the entire period. In the opinion of management, the audited consolidated financial statements recognize all adjustments of a normal
recurring nature considered necessary to fairly state our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

23 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 

Net revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of sales 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross Profit 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses 
 2,147,265 
 2,008,217 
 
 Other expense 
 782,552 
 996,402 
 
 Net loss before income taxes 
 (2,929,817 
 (3,004,619 

Net
Revenues 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no revenues. 

Cost
of Sales 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no cost of sales. 

Operating
expenses 

Operating
expenses increased by 139,048, or 6.9 , to 2,147,265 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,008,217 for the year ended December
31, 2021 primarily due to increases in professional fees of 86,093, compensation costs of 237,983, depreciation costs of 3,908, insurance
costs of 212,284, rent expenses of 30,105, and general and administration costs of 12,804, offset partially by consulting costs of
 79,369, research and development costs of 76,357, investor relations costs of 275,798, and amortization costs of 12,605, as a result
of adding administrative infrastructure for our anticipated business development. In 2022, the Company incurred an increase in professional
fees (primarily legal and audit fees), incurred a full year of compensation for its CEO and CTO and hired a CFO resulting in increased
compensation costs, increased consulting costs (primarily for public relations and brand awareness), has decreased investor relations
costs (primarily the fair value of common stock issued for services of 249,100 in 2021), and incurred a full year of rent from the lease
of office space in June 2021. Research and development costs consist of a decrease of 76,357 attributed to third parties for developmental
services of 100,211 offset partially by an increase in testing in house efforts of 23,854. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had marketing expenses of 457, research and development costs of 657,657, and general and administrative
expenses of 1,489,151 primarily due to professional fees of 209,386, compensation costs of 689,717, consulting costs of 206,825,
insurance costs of 215,704, rent of 76,768, depreciation costs of 6,854, amortization costs of 3,600, investor relations costs of
 53,208, and general and administration costs of 27,546, as a result of adding administrative infrastructure for our anticipated business
development. In 2022, the Company has incurred professional fees (primarily legal and audit fees), incurred compensation for its CEO
and CTO and hired a CFO, incurred consulting costs (primarily for public relations and brand awareness), had investor relations costs,
and had rent through the lease of office space. Research and development costs consist of 579,977 attributed to in house efforts and
 77,680 to third parties for developmental services and testing. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had research and development costs of 734,014, and general and administrative expenses of 1,274,203
primarily due to professional fees of 123,293, compensation costs of 451,734, consulting costs of 286,194, rent of 46,663, depreciation
and amortization costs of 19,151, investor relations costs of 329,006, and general and administration costs of 18,162, as a result
of adding administrative infrastructure for our anticipated business development. In 2021, the Company has incurred professional fees
(primarily legal and audit fees, and consulting costs), had investor relations costs (primarily the fair value of common stock issued
for services of 249,100), and incurred compensation for its CEO and CTO. Research and development costs consist of 556,123 attributed
to in house efforts and 177,891 to third parties for developmental services and testing. 

24 

Other
Expense 

Other
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 782,552 primarily due interest expense of 782,114 in conjunction with accretion
of debt discount and original issuance discount, and interest expense of 438, compared to other expense of 996,402 primarily due to
impairment of assets of 536,047, interest expense of 429,488 in conjunction with accretion of debt discount and original issuance discount,
and interest expense of 30,867 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
loss before income taxes 

Net
loss before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 2,929,817 primarily due to (increases/decreases) in compensation
costs, professional fees, consulting costs, research and development costs, investor relations costs, insurance costs, and general and
administration costs compared to a loss of 3,004,619 primarily due to (increases/decreases) in compensation costs, professional fees,
consulting costs, research and development costs, investor relations costs, and general and administration cost for the year ended December
31, 2021 primarily due to professional fees. 

Assets
and Liabilities 

Assets
were 332,879 as of December 31, 2022. Assets consisted primarily of cash of 8,356, inventories of 50,000, other current assets of
 11,942, equipment of 22,052, intangible assets of 2,100, and operating lease right-of-use assets of 217,718, and other assets of
 20,711. Liabilities were 2,236,119 as of December 31, 2022. Liabilities consisted primarily of accounts payable of 327,517, accrued
payroll and payroll taxes of 30,124, convertible notes of 1,636,656, net of 642,660 of unamortized debt discount, operating lease
liabilities of 240,625, and other current liabilities of 1,197. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among
other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had an accumulated
deficit of 7,195,576 at December 31, 2022, had a working capital deficit of approximately 1,978,396 at December 31, 2022, had net losses
of 2,929,817 and 3,004,619 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and net cash used in operating activities
of 1,830,242 and 1,774,182 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with no revenue earned since inception, and
a lack of operational history. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While
the Company is attempting to expand operations and increase revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough
to support the Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public offering or an asset
sale transaction. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues
provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While management believes in the viability of its strategy to
generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds or transact an asset sale, there can be no assurances to that effect or
on terms acceptable to the Company. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability
to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

General
 Overall, we had a decrease in cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 332,600 resulting from cash used in
operating activities of 1,830,242 and cash used in investing activities of 860, offset partially by cash provided by financing activities
of 1,498,502. 

25 

The
following is a summary of our cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities during the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 2020 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (1,830,242 
 (1,774,182 
 
 Investing activities 
 (860 
 (29,264 
 
 Financing activities 
 1,498,502 
 2,060,000 

(332,600 
 256,554 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operations was 1,830,242 compared
to net cash used in operations of 1,774,182 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operations was primarily due to a
net loss of 2,929,817 for year ended December 31, 2022 and the changes in operating assets and liabilities of 307,007, primarily due
to the increases in other current assets of 9,867, accounts payable of 287,843, and accrued payroll and payroll taxes of 29,052, offset
primarily by decreases in other current liabilities of 21. In addition, net cash used in operating activities includes adjustments to
reconcile net profit from depreciation expense of 6,854, amortization expense of 3,600, accretion of original issuance costs of 135,812,
and the accretion of debt discount of 646,302. 

Net
cash used in operations was primarily due to a net loss of 3,004,619 for year ended December 31, 2021 and the changes in operating assets
and liabilities of 34,149, primarily due to the increases in other current assets of 2,075 and other assets of 20,711, and a decrease
in accrued payroll and payroll taxes of 58,635, offset primarily by increases in accounts payable of 23,669 and other current liabilities
of 23,603. In addition, net cash used in operating activities includes adjustments to reconcile net profit from depreciation expense
of 2,946, amortization expense of 16,205, accretion of original issuance costs of 61,283, accretion of debt discount of 368,205,
stock issued for services of 249,100, interest expense converted to notes payable of 30,800, and impairment of assets of 536,047. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing was 860 due to the
purchase of property and equipment compared to cash flows from investing activities of 29,264 due to the purchase of property and equipment
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing was 1,498,502 due
to proceeds from short term convertible notes of 1,567,000 net of fees associated with the filing of the Company s Form S-1 of
 68,498. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing was 2,060,000 due to proceeds from short term convertible
notes of 250,000, repayments of short-term convertible notes of 55,000, and common stock and warrants issued for cash of 1,865,000. 

Financing
 We expect that our current working capital position, together with our expected future cash flows from operations will
be insufficient to fund our operations in the ordinary course of business, anticipated capital expenditures, debt payment requirements
and other contractual obligations for at least the next twelve months. However, this belief is based upon many assumptions and is subject
to numerous risks, and there can be no assurance that we will not require additional funding in the future. 

We
have no present agreements or commitments with respect to any material acquisitions of other businesses, products, product rights or
technologies or any other material capital expenditures. However, we will continue to evaluate acquisitions of and/or investments in
products, technologies, capital equipment or improvements or companies that complement our business and may make such acquisitions and/or
investments in the future. Accordingly, we may need to obtain additional sources of capital in the future to finance any such acquisitions
and/or investments. We may not be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Due to the ongoing global
economic crisis, we believe it may be difficult to obtain additional financing if needed. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing,
it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our shareholders,
in the case of equity financing. 

26 

Employment
Agreements 

Mr.
Joyce receives an annual base salary of 455,000, plus bonus compensation not to exceed 50 of salary. Mr. Joyce s employment also
provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause or due
to a change in control. Additionally, the Company has agreed to maintain a beneficial ownership target of 9 for Mr. Joyce. The Company
incurred compensation expense of 453,067 and 496,125 (including 18,542 of 2020 payroll paid in 2021), and employee benefits of 48,811
and 31,126, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Sigyn
had no employment agreement with its CTO but still incurred compensation on behalf of the CTO. The Company incurred compensation expense
of 233,678 and 259,000, and employee benefits of 25,312 and 21,704, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Bonus 

On
July 21, 2021, as a result of achieving certain milestones, the Board of Directors agreed to pay each of the Company s CEO and
CTO a performance bonus equal to 5 of their annual salary totaling 34,750. 

Capital
Expenditures 

We
expect to purchase approximately 30,000 of equipment in connection with the expansion of our business during the next twelve months. 

Fiscal
Year-End 

Our
fiscal year end is December 31. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Refer
to Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for critical accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer
to Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Future
Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

Refer
to Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for future contractual obligations and commitments. Future
contractual obligations and commitments are based on the terms of the relevant agreements and appropriate classification of items under
GAAP as currently in effect. Future events could cause actual payments to differ from these amounts. 

We
incur contractual obligations and financial commitments in the normal course of our operations and financing activities. Contractual
obligations include future cash payments required under existing contracts, such as debt and lease agreements. These obligations may
result from both general financing activities and from commercial arrangements that are directly supported by related operating activities.
Details on these obligations are set forth below. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have not entered into any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement with an entity unconsolidated
under which it has: 

a
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to the unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit; 

liquidity
 or market risk support to such entity for such assets; 

27 

an
 obligation, including a contingent obligation, under a contract that would be accounted for as a derivative instrument; or 

an
 obligation, including a contingent obligation, arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that is held by, and
 material to us, where such entity provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to or engages in leasing, hedging,
 or research and development services with us. 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements and supplementary financial information which are required to be filed under this item are presented under Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 10-K in this document, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-l5(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information
that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, management identified deficiencies that were determined to be a material weakness. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-l5(f) of the Securities Exchange Act). Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013). Based on that assessment, management believes that, as of December
31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective based on the COSO criteria, due to the following
material weaknesses listed below. 

The
specific material weaknesses identified by the company s management as of end of the period covered by this report include the
following: 

we
 have not performed a risk assessment and mapped our processes to control objectives; 

we
 have not implemented comprehensive entity-level internal controls; 

28 

we
 have not implemented adequate system and manual controls; and 

we
 do not have sufficient segregation of duties. As such, the officers approve their own related business expense reimbursements 

Despite
the material weaknesses reported above, our management believes that our consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly
present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented and that this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Commission
that permit us to provide only management s report in this report. 

Management s
Remediation Plan 

The
weaknesses and their related risks are not uncommon in a company of our size because of the limitations in the size and number of staff.
Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties has not always been possible and may not be economically feasible. 

However,
we plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design
of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able
to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes in the
current fiscal year as resources allow: 

(i) 
 appoint
 additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and implement modifications to our financial controls
 to address such inadequacies; 

(ii) 
 hire
 a new Big 4 CFO with experience working in publicly traded companies and hire a staff person to support the CFO, which was accomplished
 in March 2022. 

The
remediation efforts set out herein will be implemented in the current 2023 fiscal year. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within our company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. 

Management
believes that despite our material weaknesses set forth above, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2022 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

There
have been no events required to be reported under this Item. 

29 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages, and biographical information of each of our current directors and executive officers and
the positions with the Company held by each person. Our executive officers are elected annually by the board of directors. The directors
serve one-year terms until their successors are elected. The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation
or removal by the board of directors. Unless described below, there are no family relationships among any of the directors and officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Jim
 Joyce 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors CEO 
 
 Craig
 Roberts 
 
 70 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer and Director 
 
 Jeremy
 Ferrell (1) 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Richa
 Nand (2) 
 
 49 
 
 Non-Employee
 Director 
 
 Jim
 Dorst (2) 
 
 68 
 
 Non-Employee
 Director 
 
 Christopher
 Wetzel (2) 
 
 47 
 
 Non-Employee
 Director 

(1) Mr.
 Ferrell was hired as the Company s Chief Financial Officer effective March 9, 2022. 

(2) Ms.
 Nand, Mr. Dorst and Mr. Wetzel were appointed as Non-Executive Directors effective October
 10, 2022. 

Executive
Officers 

Jim
Joyce . Mr. Joyce is a Co-founder of Sigyn Therapeutics and has served as Chairman and CEO of the Company since it was founded
in 2019. He has 30+ years of diverse public market experience, which includes two decades of public company CEO and Corporate Board leadership
roles. Previously, Mr. Joyce was the founder of Exosome Sciences, Inc., where he served as Executive Chairman from 2011 to 2018. Mr.
Joyce is also the founder, former Chairman and CEO of Aethlon Medical, a therapeutic device company that he navigated from a single shareholder
start-up to Nasdaq-traded Company with 8000+ shareholders. 

While
employed at Aethlon from 1999 to 2018, Mr. Joyce oversaw the development of the Aethlon Hemopurifier, the first therapeutic candidate
to receive two Breakthrough Device designations from the FDA. Under his leadership, the Hemopurifier received FDA Emergency
Use Authorization (EAU) approval to treat Ebola virus and additionally was cleared to treat Ebola by the German Government and
Health Canada. Time Magazine named the Hemopurifier one of the 11 Most Remarkable Advances in Healthcare and designated
the device to its Top 25 Best Inventions award list. 

During
Mr. Joyce s tenure, Aethlon won multiple Department of Defense (DOD) contract awards, a National Cancer Institute (NCI) contract
award and grants from the National Institutes of Health (NIH). He also led the completion of approximately 100 million of equity financings
and originated preclinical and clinical collaborations with more than twenty government and non-government institutes and organizations. 

We
believe Mr. Joyce s service as our Chief Executive Officer, his extensive experience in therapeutic device technologies, his prior
board service and his extensive public company background qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Craig
Roberts . Mr. Roberts is an inventor of therapeutic device technologies, which includes a Percutaneous Adult Extracorporeal Membrane
Oxygenation (ECMO) system that was licensed and subsequently sold to C.R. Bard. During the ongoing pandemic, ECMO has been broadly deployed
to treat critically ill COVID-19 patients. Additionally, Mr. Roberts is the inventor of the IMPACT System, which received CE Mark clearance
in the European Union and was subsequently registered in 32 countries and successfully deployed to treat cytokine storm related conditions,
including sepsis, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), acute liver failure, severe pneumonia and H5N1 bird flu virus infection. 

Mr.
Roberts is a Co-founder of Sigyn Therapeutics and has been our Chief Technical Officer since it was founded in 2019. Prior to joining
the Company, Mr. Roberts served as a consultant for Aethlon Medical, Inc. from 2016 to 2019. Prior to Aethlon, Mr. Roberts was a founder,
Chief Technology Officer and Board Member of Hemolife Medical, Inc. We believe Mr. Roberts s service as our Chief Technology Officer,
his extensive experience with therapeutic device technologies and his previous service as board of medical device company qualifies him
to serve on our board of directors. 

30 

Jeremy
Ferrell. Mr. Ferrell has more than 25 years of finance and operations leadership experience, with expertise in venture capital;
mergers and acquisitions; due diligence; initial public offerings; strategic alliance negotiation; and financial planning and reporting.
Mr. Ferrell has served as our CFO since March 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ferrell served as the CFO at Miku, Inc, from 2018
to 2022. Previously, he founded a Fractional CFO Services firm, where he served as CFO for various life sciences and technology companies,
including Singular Genomics, Inc., Aspen Neuroscience, Inc., and Hyduro, Inc. Before that, he served as Corporate Controller for ecoATM,
Inc., which was acquired by Outerwall, Inc. in 2013. Earlier in his career, Mr. Ferrell practiced as a certified public accountant. Mr.
Ferrell received his Bachelor of Science degree in Accountancy from Liberty University and his Master of Business Administration degree
in International Finance from the Thunderbird School of Global Management. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

Richa
Nand. Ms.Nand is a senior legal executive with more than 20 years of experience as an intellectual property IP attorney and strategic business advisor for biotechnology and medical device companies. Ms. Nand is the founder of Insight Patents, a
legal and consulting firm providing IP and transactional corporate services for the life sciences industry. Ms. Nand previously served
as Vice President of Corporate Development and Legal at Bird Rock Bio a Johnson Johnson-backed biopharmaceutical company
in San Diego and Vice President of Intellectual Property and Licensing; Director of Business Development; and In-House Patent
Counsel at Cytori Therapeutics. Prior to law school, she was a biomedical researcher at Cedars Sinai Medical Center in Beverly Hills,
California. Ms. Nand received a Bachelor of Science degree in Microbiology and Molecular Genetics from the University of California,
Los Angeles, and a Juris Doctor degree from Boston University School of Law. We believe Ms. Nad s experience in the healthcare
field makes her well suited to serve on our Board. 

Jim
Dorst . Mr. Dorst has more than 30 years of senior management experience in finance, operations, planning and business transactions
at both private and public companies. He was most recently Director of Corporate Development at SYNNEX/Concentrix, where he was primarily
responsible for mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Dorst was previously Chief Operating Officer COO and Chief Financial Officer CFO at SpectraScience, Inc.; CFO of Aethlon Medical, Inc. and Vice President of Finance and Operations for Verdisoft
Corporation. In addition, he previously served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration at SeeCommerce; CFO and COO of
Omnis Technology Corp; and CFO and Senior Vice President of Information Technology at Savoir Technology Group, Inc. Mr. Dorst practiced
as a Certified Public Accountant with Coopers Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP); and holds a Master of Science degree in
Accounting and a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from the University of Oregon. We believe Mr. Dorst s public company experience
makes him well suited to sit on our Board. 

Christopher
Wetzel . Mr. Wetzel has more than 25 years of leadership experience in various aspects of the healthcare delivery system and since
2004, has served as Chief Executive Officer for the Surgery Center at Hamilton in New Jersey. His career has focused on building organizations,
increasing operational efficiency, increasing profitability, maximizing revenue, and managing change in the complex and high-growth healthcare
environment. Mr. Wetzel applied his broad background in strategy, finance, and operations to guide various entities starting new ventures,
entering new markets, and reengineering business processes. He is a long-term investor in the extracorporeal therapy space. Mr. Wetzel
received a Master of Business Administration degree in Healthcare Management and a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing from Thomas
Jefferson University (formerly Philadelphia University). Mr. Wetzel s experience in the health care field well serves him to sit
on our Board. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Certain
potential conflicts of interest are inherent in the relationships between our officers and directors and us. 

From
time to time, one or more of our affiliates may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related and
unrelated to the type of business that we own and operate. These persons expect to continue to form, hold an ownership interest in and/or
manage additional other businesses which may compete with our business with respect to operations, including financing and marketing,
management time and services and potential customers. These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests of us
and other businesses with which our affiliates are associated. Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking such activities,
and neither we nor our shareholders will have any right to require participation in such other activities. 

31 

We
may transact business with some of our officers, directors and affiliates, as well as with firms in which some of our officers, directors
or affiliates have a material interest, potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests of us and these related persons
or entities. We believe that such transactions will be effected on terms at least as favorable to us as those available from unrelated
third parties. As of this filing, we have not transacted business with any officer, director, or affiliate. 

With
respect to transactions involving real or apparent conflicts of interest, we have adopted policies and procedures which require that:
(i) the fact of the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors who authorize
or approve the transaction prior to such authorization or approval, (ii) the transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested
outside directors, and (iii) the transaction be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors. 

Our
policies and procedures regarding transactions involving potential conflicts of interest are not in writing. We understand that it will
be difficult to enforce our policies and procedures and will rely and trust our officers and directors to follow our policies and procedures.
We will implement our policies and procedures by requiring the officer or director who is not in compliance with our policies and procedures
to remove himself and the other officers and directors will decide how to implement the policies and procedures, accordingly. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in
other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors consists of five members, with three independent directors (all of our Non Employee Directors are independent) in
accordance with NASDAQ listing rule 5605(a)(2) before we uplist via an amendment to this registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part. Because our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition of independence 
of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director 
is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; 
 
 the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in
 excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding
 the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other things,
 compensation for board or board committee service); 
 
 a
 family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive
 officer of the company; 
 
 the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of,
 or an executive officer of an entity to which the company made, or from which the company
 received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of
 the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is
 greater (subject to certain exclusions); 
 
 the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity
 where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the company
 served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 
 
 the
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside
 auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s
 outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. 

32 

Board
Composition 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of directors, which consists of five members. Directors serve for a
term of one year and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our
Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. The Company plans to update its board committees to meet
NASDAQ requirements via an amendment to this registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. 

In
lieu of an audit committee, the Company s board of directors is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s consolidated
financial statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. The board of directors, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company review the Company s internal accounting controls, practices and
policies. 

The
Company maintains a Scientific Advisory Board SAB to assist our Board of Directors by reviewing and evaluating our clinical
development programs. We intend for our SAB members to receive per meeting fees and also be eligible to receive stock option compensation.
However, a formal SAB compensation plan has not yet been approved by our Board of Directors. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Mr.
Dorst qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, and our three new
directors qualify as independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules. 

We
believe that our directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls
and procedures for financial reporting. The directors of our Company do not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because
management believes that the board of directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that
retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome
and is not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated any positive cash
flows from operations to date. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and our executive officers have not been involved in or a party in any of the following events or actions during the past ten
years: 

1. any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner
 or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that
 time; 

2. any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
 traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending
 or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities;
 or 

4. being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity
 Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
 law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

33 

5. Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission
 to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action
 or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity
 Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment
 in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative
 order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating
 to an alleged violation of: (I) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including,
 but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
 order; or (iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
 with any business entity; or 

8. Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26)
 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange,
 association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not formally adopted a written Code of Ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and directors as the Company
is not required to do so. The board of directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and determined that
since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business
conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or directors expand in the future,
we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

Role
of Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 

Our
board of directors oversees an enterprise-wide approach to risk management, designed to support the achievement of business objectives,
including organizational and strategic objectives, to improve long-term organizational performance and enhance stockholder value. The
involvement of our board of directors in setting our business strategy is a key part of its assessment of management s plans for
risk management and its determination of what constitutes an appropriate level of risk for our company. The participation of our board
of directors in our risk oversight process includes receiving regular reports from members of senior management on areas of material
risk to our company, including operational, financial, legal and regulatory, and strategic and reputational risks. 

While
our board of directors has the ultimate responsibility for the risk management process, senior management and various committees of our
board of directors, when formed, will also have responsibility for certain areas of risk management. Our senior management team is responsible
for day-to-day risk management and regularly reports on risks to our full board of directors or a relevant committee. Our finance and
regulatory personnel serve as the primary monitoring and evaluation function for company-wide policies and procedures, and manage the
day-to-day oversight of the risk management strategy for our ongoing business. This oversight includes identifying, evaluating, and addressing
potential risks that may exist at the enterprise, strategic, financial, operational, compliance and reporting levels. 

Director
Compensation 

Our
Non-Employee directors receive a 30,000 annual retainer, paid in equal quarterly amounts for which periods the directors have provided
service. In addition, each director receives a grant of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 50,000 or, at the discretion
of the Board, options to acquire shares of common stock. Employee directors, have not been separately compensated for their services
to the Company as a director. 

34 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification Matters 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, and may indemnify our employees and
other agents, to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits our Certificate of Incorporation
from limiting the liability of our directors for the following: 

any
 breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its shareholders; 

any
 act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation
 of law; 

unlawful
 payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or 

any
 transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

If
Delaware law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director, then the
liability of our directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as so amended. Our Certificate
of Incorporation does not eliminate a director s duty of care and in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies, such as injunctive
or other forms of non-monetary relief, remain available under Delaware law. This provision also does not affect a director s responsibilities
under any other laws, such as the federal securities laws or other state or federal laws. Under our bylaws, we will also be empowered
to purchase insurance on behalf of any person whom we are required or permitted to indemnify. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws may discourage shareholders from
bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation
against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our shareholders. A shareholder s investment
may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. Insofar as we may provide indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act to our directors, officers, and
controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. There is no pending litigation or proceeding
naming any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is being sought, nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation
that may result in claims for indemnification by any director or officer. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following is a discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of our named executive officers, or NEOs. This discussion contains
forward looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation
programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from currently planned programs as summarized in this discussion.
As an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we are not required to include a Compensation Discussion and
Analysis section and have elected to comply with the scaled disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. 

35 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (1) our principal executive officer; and (2) each of our two most highly
compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, who we will
collectively refer to as the named executive officers of the Company, are set out in the following summary compensation
table: 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Change in 

Pension 

Value and 

Non-Equity 
 Nonqualified 

Stock 
 Option 
 Incentive Plan 
 Deferred 
 All Other 

Name and 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 Earnings ) 
 )
(1) 
 ) 
 
 Jim Joyce 
 2022 
 453,067 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,811 
 501,878 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 473,375 
 22,750 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,126 
 527,251 

Craig Roberts 
 2022 
 233,678 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,312 
 258,990 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 247,000 
 12,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 21,704 
 280,704 

Jeremy Ferrell 
 2022 
 177,083 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 23,205 
 200,288 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Amounts
 include health insurance and employer matched 401(k) costs. 

(2) Mr.
 Ferrell was hired as the Company s Chief Financial Officer effective March 9, 2022.
 Mr. Ferrell receives an annual base salary of 250,000, amended to 62,500 on December 1,
 2022. 

Other
than as disclosed below, there are no compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to our executive officers resulting from their
resignation, retirement or other termination of employment or from a change of control. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards Table 

None
of our named executive officers received any grants of stock, option awards or other plan-based awards during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, except as described below in Equity Compensation Plans and Other Benefit Plans below. 

Options
Exercised and Stock Vested Table 

None
of our named executive officers exercised any stock options or restricted stock units during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Year End 

Except
as described below in Equity Compensation Plans and Other Benefit Plans , the Company has not issued any awards to its named
executive officers. The Company and its board of directors may grant awards as it sees fit to its employees as well as key consultants.
See the discussion of Equity Compensation Plans and Other Benefit Plans below. 

Agreements
with Executive Officers 

Jim
Joyce 

Mr.
Joyce receives an annual base salary of 455,000, plus bonus compensation not to exceed 50 of salary. Mr. Joyce s employment also
provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause or due
to a change in control. Additionally, the Company has agreed to maintain a beneficial ownership target of 9 for Mr. Joyce. There is
no written employment agreement for Mr. Joyce at this time. 

Jeremy
Ferrell 

Mr.
Ferrell was hired March 9, 2022 as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ferrell receives an annual base salary of 250,000,
amended to 62,500 on December 1, 2022, plus discretionary bonus compensation not to exceed 40 of salary. Mr. Ferrell s employment
also provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and three months of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause
or due to a change in control. Additionally, Mr. Ferrell will be granted up to 600,000 options to purchase 600,000 of the Company s
common shares upon the implementation of a Company employee option plan. 

36 

Craig
Roberts 

Mr.
Roberts, the Company s Chief Technology Officer (CTO) receives an annual base salary of 240,000 as well as medical insurance and
related benefits. Mr. Roberts is eligible to receive bonus compensation at the discretion of the Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. Board of Directors. 

Equity
Compensation Plans and Other Benefit Plans 

The
Company does not currently have any equity compensation plans and there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement
or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans. 

Indebtedness
of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management 

None
of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of the Company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been
indebted to the Company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently
outstanding. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding stock awards held by the Named Executive Officers for our year
ended December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 

None. 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information relating to the beneficial ownership our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by (i) each person
known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock and (ii) each of our directors and executive
officers. Unless otherwise noted below, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. For purposes hereof, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities
that can be acquired by such person within 60 days from the date hereof upon the exercise of warrants or options or the conversion of
convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that any warrants, options or convertible
securities that are held by such person (but not those held by any other person) and which are exercisable within 60 days from the date
hereof, have been exercised. 

37 

Name and Address (2) 
 Amount of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class (1 

Jim Joyce (3) 
 12,820,000 
 30.0 
 
 Craig Roberts (4) 
 12,820,000 
 30.0 
 
 Jeremy Ferrell (5) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chris Wetzel (8) 
 127,666 
 0.3 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (2 Persons) 
 25,640,000 
 60.0 

Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. (6) 
 3,725,850 
 8.7 

Osher Capital Partners LLC (7) 
 3,050,658 
 7.1 

(1)
 
 Based
 on 42,713,325 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

(2)
 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc., 2468 Historic Decatur Road, Suite 140, San
 Diego, CA 92106. 

(3)
 
 Mr.
 Joyce is the Company s CEO. 

(4)
 
 Mr.
 Roberts is the Company s CTO. 

(5)
 
 Mr.
 Ferrell is the Company s CFO. 

(6)
 
 Consists
 of 3,725,850 common shares as of the date of this filing. Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd Brio is contractually limited
 to beneficial ownership of our common stock not to exceed 9.99 . The stockholder of record by the stockholder is held by Shaye Hirsch
 who is a director of Brio. The business address of Brio is 100 Merrick Road, Suite 401W, Rockville Center, NY 11570. 

(7)
 
 Consists
 of 3,050,658 common shares as of the date of this filing. Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher is contractually limited
 to beneficial ownership of our common stock not to exceed 9.99 . The Stockholder has advised us that voting and dispositive power
 of all the common shares of the Company owned of record by the stockholder is held by Ari Kluger, who is President of Osher. The
 business address of Osher is 23 Tammy Lane, Spring Valley NY 10977. 

(8) 
 Mr. Wetzel is a director of the Company. 

We
are not aware of any person who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, five percent or more of our outstanding securities of
any class, other than as set forth above. We do not have an investment advisor. There are no current arrangements which will result in
a change in control. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
following represents a summary of the Equity Compensation grants and options awards outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and changes
during the years then ended: 

2022 and 2021 
 
 Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Total 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

38 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Other
than compensation arrangements, we describe below transactions and series of similar transactions, since January 1, 2020 (i.e., the last
two completed fiscal years), to which we were a party or will be a party, in which the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser
of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and any of our directors,
executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons,
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Compensation arrangements, including employment agreements, for our directors
and named executive officers are described elsewhere in Executive Compensation - Agreements with Executive Officers. Neither
of our directors is independent. 

Employment
Agreement 

Mr.
Joyce receives an annual base salary of 455,000, plus bonus compensation not to exceed 50 of salary. Mr. Joyce s employment also
provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause or due
to a change in control. Additionally, the Company has agreed to maintain a beneficial ownership target of 9 for Mr. Joyce. The Company
incurred compensation expense of 453,067 and 496,125 (including 18,542 of 2020 payroll paid in 2021), and employee benefits of 48,811
and 31,126, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Sigyn
had no employment agreement with its CTO but Sigyn still incurred compensation on behalf of the CTO. The Company incurred compensation
expense of 233,678 and 259,000, and employee benefits of 25,312 and 21,704, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Mr.
Ferrell was hired March 9, 2022 as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ferrell receives an annual base salary of 250,000,
amended to 62,500 on December 1, 2022, plus discretionary bonus compensation not to exceed 40 of salary. Mr. Ferrell s employment
also provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and three months of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause
or due to a change in control. Additionally, Mr. Ferrell will be granted up to 600,000 options to purchase 600,000 of the Company s
common shares upon the implementation of a Company employee option plan. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
have entered or intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements,
among other things, will require us to indemnify each individual to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including indemnification
of expenses such as attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by the individual in any action or proceeding,
including any action or proceeding by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services as a director, officer or other employee. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions with our executive officer(s), director(s) and significant shareholders. We rely on our board to review related party
transactions on an ongoing basis to prevent conflicts of interest. Our board reviews a transaction in light of the affiliations of the
director, officer or employee and the affiliations of such person s immediate family. Transactions are presented to our board for
approval before they are entered into or, if this is not possible, for ratification after the transaction has occurred. If our board
finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate remedial action, if any. Our board approves or ratifies
a transaction if it determines that the transaction is consistent with the best interests of the Company. We intend to establish formal
policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional directors, so that such transactions
will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our board of directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. 

39 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal period for the audit of our annual financial statements and services normally
provided by the independent registered public accounting firm for this fiscal period were as follows: 

FY 2022 
 FY 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 36,850 
 35,000 
 
 Total Fees 
 36,850 
 35,000 

In
the above table, audit fees are fees billed by our external auditor for services provided in auditing our annual financial
statements for the subject year. The fees set forth on the foregoing table relate to the audit as of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 which were performed by Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP (formerly Benjamin Ko). All of the services described
above were approved in advance by the Board of Directors or the Company s Audit Committee. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report: 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements. The following consolidated financial statements of the Company are included below: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule(s): 

All
schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or
that they are not required or are not applicable. 

40 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Form
 of Underwriting Agreement 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 of the Registrant, as currently in effect (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant
 on May 27, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement dated August 25, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August
 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Operating Lease 

10.3 
 
 Employment
 Agreement for Jeremy Ferrell (Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 9, 2022 and
 incorporated herein by reference) 

10.4 
 
 January 2020 Financing Documents and Extensions 

10.5 
 
 June 23, 2020 Financing Documents 

10.6 
 
 September 17, 2020 Financing Documents 

10.7 
 
 Senior
 Convertible Debenture dated May 10, 2022 

10.8 
 
 Warrant
 dated May 10, 2022 

10.9 
 
 Warrant
 dated October 18, 2021 

10.10 
 
 Senior
 Convertible Debenture dated March 23, 2022 

41 

10.11 
 
 Warrant dated March 23, 2022 

10.12 
 
 Senior Convertible Debenture dated March 23, 2022 

10.13 
 
 Warrant dated March 23, 2022 

10.14 
 
 Senior Convertible Debenture dated April 28, 2022 

10.15 
 
 Warrant dated April 28, 2022 

10.16 
 
 June 1, 2022 Financing Documents 

10.17 
 
 June 22, 2022 Financing Documents 

10.18 
 
 Set of Form Documents for July 2022 Financing 

10.19 
 
 August 31, 2022 Financing Documents 

10.20 
 
 September 9, 2022 Financing Documents 

10.21 
 
 October 20, 2022 Financing Documents 

10.22 
 
 November 9, 2022 Financing Documents 

10.23 
 
 November 14, 2022 Financing Documents 

10.24 
 
 November 21, 2022 Financing Documents 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Previously
 filed. 

To
 be filed by amendment 

Filed
 herewith 

All
references to Registrant s Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q include reference to File No. 000-55575 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Sigyn
 Therapeutics, Inc. 

a
 Delaware corporation 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James Joyce 

James
 Joyce 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeremy Ferrell 

Jeremy
 Ferrell 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Mr. James Joyce 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Mr.
 James Joyce 

/s/
 Mr. Craig Roberts 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer and Director 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Mr.
 Craig Roberts 

/s/
 Mr. Jeremy Ferrell 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Mr.
 Jeremy Ferrell 

/s/
 Richa Nand 
 
 Director 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Richa
 Nand 

/s/
 Jim Dorst 
 
 Director 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jim
 Dorst 

/s/
 Chris Wetzel 
 
 Director 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Chris
 Wetzel 

43 

SIGYN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Index
to Financial Statements 

CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO. 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 of
Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The Company s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has a net capital deficiency, and negative cash flows from operating activities,
therefore, the Company has stated that substantial doubt exists about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going Concern 

As described further in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has incurred losses each year from inception through December 31, 2022 and expects to incur additional
losses in the future. 

We determined the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern is a critical audit matter due to the estimation and uncertainty regarding the Company s future cash flows and
the risk of bias in management s judgments and assumptions in estimating these cash flows. 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s
assertion on its ability to continue as a going concern included the following, among others: 

We reviewed the Company s working capital and
liquidity ratios and forecasted revenue, operating expenses, and uses and sources of cash used in management s assessment of whether
the Company has sufficient liquidity to fund operations for at least one year from the financial statement issuance date. This testing
included inquiries with management, comparison of prior period forecasts to actual results, consideration of positive and negative evidence
impacting management s forecasts, the Company s financing arrangements in place as of the report date, market and industry
factors and consideration of the Company s relationships with its financing partners. 

(formerly known as Paris Kreit Chiu CPA LLP) 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

SIGYN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Short-term convertible notes payable, less unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

SIGYN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net revenues 
 - 
 - 

Gross Profit 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Marketing expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense: 

Impairment of assets 
 - 

Interest expense 

Interest expense - debt discount 

Interest expense - original issuance costs 

Total other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

SIGYN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Common stock issued to third party for services 

- 

Warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with debt issuance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature in conjunction with debt issuance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock and warrants issued for cash 

- 

Common stock issued in conjunction with cashless exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued to third parties in conjunction with conversion of debt 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance, value 

Warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with debt issuance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature in conjunction with debt issuance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Amortization of warrants issued in connection with a debt modification 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued to third parties in conjunction with conversion of debt 

- 

Fees associated with filing of Form S-1 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Ending balance, value 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

SIGYN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Stock issued for services 
 - 

Accretion of debt discount 

Accretion of original issuance costs 

Interest expense converted to notes payable 
 - 

Impairment of assets 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other current assets 

Other assets 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from short-term convertible notes 

Repayment of short-term convertible notes 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 

Fees associated with filing of Form S-1 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Beneficial conversion feature in conjunction with debt issuance 

Amortization of warrants issued in connection with a debt modification 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with debt issuance 

Original issue discount issued in conjunction with debt 

Common stock issued to third parties in conjunction with conversion of debt 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

SIGYN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the issued and outstanding shares of privately held Sigyn Therapeutics common stock
in exchange for of the fully paid and nonassessable shares of our common stock outstanding (the Acquisition ). In conjunction
with the transaction, we changed our name from Reign Resources Corporation to Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. pursuant to an amendment to our
articles of incorporation that was filed with the State of Delaware. Subsequently, our trading symbol was changed to SIGY. The Acquisition
was treated by the Company as a reverse merger in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). For accounting purposes, Sigyn is considered to have acquired Reign Resources Corporation as the accounting acquirer
because: (i) Sigyn stockholders own of the combined company, on an as-converted basis, immediately following the Closing Date, (ii)
Sigyn directors hold a majority of board seats in the combined company and (iii) Sigyn management held all key positions in the management
of the combined company. Accordingly, Sigyn s historical results of operations will replace Reign Resources Corporation s
historical results of operations for all periods prior to the Acquisition and, for all periods following the Acquisition, the results
of operations of the combined company will be included in the Company s financial statements. The
Acquisition was treated as a tax-free exchange under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and resulted in the
private Sigyn Therapeutics corporate entity (established on October 29, 2019) to become a wholly owned subsidiary of Reign Resources
Corporation. Among the conditions for closing the acquisition, the Reign Resources Corporation extinguished all previously reported liabilities,
its preferred class of shares, and all stock purchase options. As a result, the reported liabilities totaling were converted
into a total of common shares. Additionally, assets held on the books of Reign Resources
Corporation, such as Gem inventory, was kept in the Company and therefore recorded as assets on the Share Exchange date. Upon
the closing of the Acquisition, we appointed James A. Joyce and Craig P. Roberts to serve as members of our Board of Directors. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we have a total shares issued and outstanding, of which shares are held by non-affiliate stockholders. 

at December 31, 2022, had a working capital deficit of approximately at December 31, 2022, had net losses
of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and net cash used in operating activities
of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with no revenue earned since inception, and
a lack of operational history. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While
the Company is attempting to expand operations and increase revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough
to support the Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public offering or an asset
sale transaction. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues
provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While management believes in the viability of its strategy to
generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds or transact an asset sale, there can be no assurances to that effect or
on terms acceptable to the Company. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability
to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

. The Company has not experienced any cash losses. 

of advertising expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and had advertising expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and recorded an impairment of assets of 
in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
carrying value of financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Financial
assets and liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis are those that are adjusted to fair value when a significant event occurs. There
were no financial assets or liabilities carried and measured on a nonrecurring basis during the reporting periods. Financial assets and
liabilities measured on a recurring basis are those that are adjusted to fair value each time a financial statement is prepared. There
have been no transfers between levels. 

Basic
and diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same since net losses for all periods presented and including the additional potential
common shares would have an anti-dilutive effect. 

of other current liabilities previously
classified in accrued payroll and payroll taxes. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. 

Credit
risk 

The
Company is exposed to credit risk from its cash in banks. The credit risk on cash in banks is limited because the counterparties are
recognized financial institutions. 

Seasonality 

The
business is not subject to substantial seasonal fluctuations. 

Major
Suppliers 

Sigyn
Therapy is comprised of components that are supplied by various industry vendors. Additionally, the Company is reliant on third-party
organizations to conduct clinical development studies that are necessary to advance Sigyn Therapy toward the marketplace. 

Should
the relationship with an industry vendor or third-party clinical development organization be interrupted or discontinued, it is believed
that alternate component suppliers and third-party clinical development organizations could be identified to support the continued advancement
of Sigyn Therapy. 

Computer equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified in general and administrative
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Intangible
 assets, net 

The
Company had amortization expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
January 8, 2020, James Joyce, the Company s CEO and Craig Roberts, the Company s CTO, assigned to the Company the rights
to patent 62/881,740 pertaining to the devices, systems and methods for the broad-spectrum reduction of pro-inflammatory cytokines in
blood. 

January 28, 2020 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 1 

June 23, 2020 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 2 

September 17, 2020 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due . On October 28, 2021, Osher elected to convert of the aggregate principal amount of the Note of , into common shares Note 3 ). 

March 23, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 4 
 
 - 
 
 April 28, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 5 
 
 - 
 
 May 10, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 6 
 
 - 
 
 June 1, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 7 
 
 - 
 
 June 22, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 8 
 
 - 
 
 July 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due various dates Note 9 
 
 - 
 
 August 31, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 10 
 
 - 
 
 September 9, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 11 
 
 - 
 
 September 20, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 12 
 
 - 
 
 October 20, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 13 
 
 - 
 
 November 9, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 14 
 
 - 
 
 November 14, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 15 
 
 - 
 
 December 22, 2022 interest per annum outstanding principal and interest due Note 16 
 
 - 

Total convertible notes payable 

Original issue discount 

Beneficial conversion feature 
 
 - 
 
 Debt discount 
 
 - 

Total convertible notes payable 

Long-Term
 Debt 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Extension
 of convertible note payable 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exchange
 of convertible note payable for common stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Convertible
 notes payable, net, as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Convertible
 notes payable issued in 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Convertible
 notes payable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Note discounts in conjunction
 with extension of convertible note 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021
 accretion of note discounts 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Note discounts as of December
 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Note discounts issued in conjunction
 with debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

2022
 accretion of note discounts 

accretion of note discounts 

Note discounts as of December
 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Convertible notes payable,
 net, as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Convertible notes payable,
 net, as of December 31, 2022 

2021 Effective interest rate 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2022 Effective interest rate 

- 

Current
Noteholders 

Osher
 110,000 (Note 16) 

On
December 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 55,000 (Note 15) 

On
November 14, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher noteholder for
the issuance of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note.
 The conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of
the convertible notes is per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Brio
 82,500 (Note 14) 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd Brio of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five-year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 (Note 13) 

On
October 20, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 (Note 12) 

On
September 20, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Brio
 82,500 (Note 11) 

On
September 9, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. Brio of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 (Note 10) 

On
August 31, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Other
 341,000 (Note 9) 

In
July 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debentures (the July 2022 Notes totaling
(i) aggregate principal amount of Note (total of cash was received) due in various dates in July 2023 based on 1.00
for each 0.90909 paid by the noteholder and (ii) five -year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to
an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by the holders of the convertible notes is per share . 

Osher
 82,500 (Note 8) 

On
June 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 55,000 (Note 7) 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Brio
 110,000 (Note 6) 

On
May 10, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. Brio of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 (Note 5) 

On
April 28, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

Osher
 110,000 (Note 4) 

On
March 23, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Brio
 110,000 (Note 4) 

On
March 23, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with respect
to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. Brio of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Brio and (ii) five -year
Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Brio for the issuance
of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Osher
 199,650 (Note 3) 

On
September 17, 2020 (the Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with respect to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital
Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture
(the Note due September 30, 2021, based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year Common Stock Purchase
Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price
of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance of the Note and Warrants
was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
as amended on October 20, 2020, subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company and Osher amended the convertible debt agreement as follows on October 20, 2020: 

The parties amended the
 Warrants dated September 17, 2020, for the number of warrant shares from warrant shares to warrant shares at an exercise
 price of per share. 

The parties amended the
 Note for the . 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements as follows: 

The parties amended the
 October 20, 2020 Notes for the . 

The parties amended the
 October 20, 2020 Notes for the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest from to which is issued at a 
 original issue discount from the face value of the October 20, 2020 Notes now due October 20, 2022. 

In exchange for the extension
 of the Note, the Company issued Osher five -year warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common
 stock at an exercise price of per share. 

On
October 28, 2021, Osher elected to convert of the aggregate principal amount of the Note of , into common shares. 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Osher
 60,500 (as amended on October 20, 2020 to 55,000) (Note 2) 

On
June 23, 2020 (the Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with respect to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital
Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture
(the Note due , based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of
 per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance of the Note and Warrants
was which was issued at a original issue discount from the face value of the Note. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share,
as amended on October 20, 2020, subject to adjustment as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company and Osher amended the convertible debt agreement as follows on October 20, 2020: 

The parties amended the
 Note for the aggregate principal amount from to . The aggregate cash subscription amount received by the Company from
 Osher for the issuance of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at an amended original issue discount from the
 face value of the Note. 

The parties amended the
 Warrants dated June 23, 2020, for the number of warrant shares from warrant shares to warrant shares at an exercise
 price of per share. 

The parties amended the
 Note for the maturity date from J . 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements as follows (see Note 12): 

The parties amended the
 October 20, 2020 Notes for the . 

The parties amended the
 October 20, 2020 Notes for the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest from to which is issued at a 
 original issue discount from the face value of the October 20, 2020 Notes now due October 20, 2022. 

In exchange for the extension
 of the Note, the Company issued Osher five -year warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common
 stock at an exercise price of per share. 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Osher
 457,380 (Note 1) 

On
January 28, 2020 (the Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with respect to the sale and issuance to institutional investor Osher Capital
Partners LLC Osher of (i) aggregate principal amount of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture
due , based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by Osher and (ii) five -year Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase up
to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription
amount received by the Company from Osher for the issuance of the note and warrants was which was issued at a original
issue discount from the face value of the Note. The conversion price for the principal in connection
with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share, as amended on October 20, 2020, subject to adjustment
as provided therein , such as stock splits and stock dividends . 

The
Company and Osher amended the convertible debt agreement as follows on October 20, 2020: 

The parties amended the
 Warrants dated January 28, 2020, for the number of warrant shares from warrant shares to warrant shares at an exercise
 price of per share. 

The parties amended the
 Note to provide for interest at per annum. 

The parties amended the
 Note for the . 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements as follows: 

The parties amended the
 October 20, 2020 Notes for the . 

The parties amended the
 October 20, 2020 Notes for the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest from to which is issued at a 
 original issue discount from the face value of the October 20, 2020 Notes now due October 20, 2022. 

In exchange for the extension
 of the Note, the Company issued Osher five -year warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common
 stock at an exercise price of per share. 

The
Company has not repaid this convertible note and the convertible note is now in default. The Company is currently in discussions to restructure
the terms of the note. 

Previous
Noteholders 

Other
 145,200 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture (the Note with a third
party investor of (i) aggregate principal amount of Note due based on 1.00 for each 0.90909 paid by the
previous noteholder and (ii) five -year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 
 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The aggregate cash subscription amount received by
the Company from the previous noteholder for the issuance of the Note and Warrants was which was issued at a original
issue discount from the face value of the Note. The conversion price for the principal in connection
with voluntary conversions by a holder of the convertible notes is per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein ,
such as stock splits and stock dividends. 

On
November 23, 2022, third party investor elected to convert the aggregate principal amount of the Note, , into common
shares. 

All
other previous notes were detailed in our Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022. No changes occurred related to these notes during the period
covered by this Form 10-Q. 

shares of par value preferred stock, of which are issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has authorized shares of par value common stock, of which and shares are outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Warrants 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company and Osher amended convertible debt agreements for the maturity date from . In exchange for the extension of the Note, the Company issued Osher warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock, valued at (based on the Black Scholes valuation model on the date of grant) (see Note 6).
The warrants are exercisable for a period of at per share in whole or in part, as either a cash exercise or as a cashless
exercise, and fully vest at grant date. The Company accreted the value of the warrants rateably through October 20, 2022. The Company
recorded and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified in other expenses in the
consolidated Statements of Operations. See Notes 6 for further warrant discussions. 

per month commencing June 15, 2021
maturing . The Company accounts for this lease in accordance with ASC 842. Adoption
of the standard resulted in the initial recognition of operating lease ROU asset of and
operating lease liability of as of June 15, 2021. 

Operating
lease right-of-use ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease
payments over the lease term. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent
our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Generally, the implicit rate of interest in arrangements is not readily
determinable and the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company s
incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease
ROU asset includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our variable lease payments primarily consist of maintenance
and other operating expenses from our real estate leases. Variable lease payments are excluded from the ROU assets and lease liabilities
and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Our lease terms may include options to extend
or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

We
have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. We have elected to account for these lease and non-lease components as a single
lease component. We are also electing not to apply the recognition requirements to short-term leases of twelve months or less and instead
will recognize lease payments as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The
components of lease expense and supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the period are as follows: 

Short term lease cost 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total lease expense 

In
accordance with ASC 842, other information related to leases was as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Reconciliation of lease liabilities: 

Weighted-average remaining lease terms 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Present values 

Lease liabilities current 

Lease liabilities long-term 

Lease liabilities total 

Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows 

Operating
lease cost was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

, plus bonus compensation not to exceed of salary. Mr. Joyce s employment also
provides for medical insurance, disability benefits and one year of severance pay if his employment is terminated without cause or due
to a change in control. Additionally, the Company has agreed to maintain a beneficial ownership target of for Mr. Joyce. The Company
incurred compensation expense of and (including of 2020 payroll paid in 2021), and employee benefits of 
and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Sigyn
had no employment agreement with its CTO but still incurred compensation on behalf of the CTO. The Company incurred compensation expense
of and , and employee benefits of and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

available
to reduce future income which under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2018, allows for an indefinite carryforward period, with carryforwards
limited to of each subsequent year s net income. There is no income tax affect due to the recognition of a full valuation allowance
on the expected tax benefits of future loss carry forwards based on uncertainty surrounding realization of such assets. 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Major
tax jurisdictions are the United States and California. All of the tax years will remain open three and four years for examination by
the Federal and state tax authorities, respectively, from the date of utilization of the net operating loss. There are no tax audits
pending. 

Warrants to purchase shares of common stock 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

Basic weighted average outstanding shares of common stock 

Dilutive effect of options and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 Diluted weighted average common stock and common stock equivalents 

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

due in cash at the execution
of the Media Agreement. No shares were issued in conjunction with the Media Agreement. 

Board
of Directors Compensation 

Effective
October 10, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Ms. Richa Nand, Mr. Jim Dorst, and Mr. Chris Wetzel as non-executive
members to the Company s Board of Directors Director ). Each Director shall receive an annual retainer of 
paid in equal quarterly amounts at the end of each quarter. In addition, each Director shall receive a grant of restricted stock units
of , or at the discretion of the Board of Directors, options to acquire shares of common stock. Restricted stock units will be
valued based on the average of the five trading days preceding and including the date of grant and will vest at a rate determined by
the Board of Directors over one year. If options are granted, the options will be valued at the exercise price based on the average of
the five trading days preceding and including the date of grant, have a ten year term, and will vest at a rate determined by the Board
of Directors. 

. A total of warrants were exchanged for shares of the Company s common stock
through March 24, 2023. 

2023 Convertible Notes 

During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the
Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debentures totaling (i) 
aggregate principal amount of Note (total of cash was received) due in various dates in (ii) five-year Common Stock Purchase Warrants Warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The
conversion price for the principal in connection with voluntary conversions by the holders of the convertible notes is per share. 

F- 25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
James Joyce, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 James Joyce 

James Joyce 

Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Jeremy Ferrell, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Jeremy Ferrell 

Jeremy Ferrell 

Chief Financial Officer
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Joyce, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company for the dates and periods covered by the Report. 

This
certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with the requirements
of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person or for any reason other
than as specifically required by law. 

/s/
 James Joyce 

James Joyce 

Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sigyn Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeremy Ferrell, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company for the dates and periods covered by the Report. 

This
certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with the requirements
of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person or for any reason other
than as specifically required by law. 

/s/
 Jeremy Ferrell 

Jeremy Ferrell 

Chief Financial Officer
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sign-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sign-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sign-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sign-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

