<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230210_10-K_edgar_data_49826_0000049826-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15236631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290843</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2152228</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5758361</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3551126</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3203880</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000049826-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230210153141
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000049826-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000049826
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		IRS NUMBER:				361258310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04797
		FILM NUMBER:		23611430

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 HARLEM AVENUE
		CITY:			GLENVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8477247500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 HARLEM AVENUE
		CITY:			GLENVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000049826-23-000008.txt : 20230210

10-K
 1
 itw-20221231.htm
 10-K

itw-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 . 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately billion based on the New York Stock Exchange closing sales price as of June 30, 2022. 
 Shares of common stock outstanding at January 31, 2023: . 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6 . 
 [Reserved] 
 18 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 77 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 77 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 78 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 78 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 81 
 Signatures 
 82 

PART I 

ITEM 1. Business 
 
 General 
 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. (the "Company" or "ITW") was founded in 1912 and incorporated in 1915. The Company's ticker symbol is ITW. The Company is a global manufacturer of a diversified range of industrial products and equipment with 84 divisions in 51 countries. As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 46,000 people. 
 
 The Company's operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as the following seven segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. The following is a description of the Company's seven segments: 
 
 Automotive OEM This segment is a global, niche supplier to top tier OEMs, providing unique innovation to address pain points for sophisticated customers with complex problems. Businesses in this segment produce components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. This segment primarily serves the automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers market. Products in this segment include: 
 
 plastic and metal components, fasteners and assemblies for automobiles, light trucks and other industrial uses. 
 
 Food Equipment This segment is a highly focused and branded industry leader in commercial food equipment differentiated by innovation and integrated service offerings. This segment primarily serves the food service, food retail and food institutional/restaurant markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 warewashing equipment; 
 cooking equipment, including ovens, ranges and broilers; 
 refrigeration equipment, including refrigerators, freezers and prep tables; 
 food processing equipment, including slicers, mixers and scales; 
 kitchen exhaust, ventilation and pollution control systems; and 
 food equipment service, maintenance and repair. 
 
 Test Measurement and Electronics This segment is a branded and innovative producer of test and measurement and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair, and operations, or "MRO" solutions that improve efficiency and quality for customers in diverse end markets. Businesses in this segment produce equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials and structures, as well as equipment and consumables used in the production of electronic subassemblies and microelectronics. This segment primarily serves the electronics, general industrial, automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers, energy, consumer durables and industrial capital goods markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials, structures, gases and fluids; 
 electronic assembly equipment; 
 electronic components and component packaging; 
 static control equipment and consumables used for contamination control in clean room environments; and 
 pressure sensitive adhesives and components for electronics, medical, transportation and telecommunications applications. 
 
 Welding This segment is a branded value-added equipment and specialty consumable manufacturer with innovative and leading technology. Businesses in this segment produce arc welding equipment, consumables and accessories for a wide array of industrial and commercial applications. This segment primarily serves the general industrial market, which includes fabrication, shipbuilding and other general industrial markets, and construction, energy, MRO, industrial capital goods and automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 arc welding equipment; and 
 metal arc welding consumables and related accessories. 
 
 3 

Polymers Fluids This segment is a branded supplier to niche markets that require value-added, differentiated products. Businesses in this segment produce engineered adhesives, sealants, lubrication and cutting fluids, and fluids and polymers for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance. This segment primarily serves the automotive aftermarket, general industrial and MRO markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 adhesives for industrial, construction and consumer purposes; 
 chemical fluids which clean or add lubrication to machines; 
 epoxy and resin-based coating products for industrial applications; 
 hand wipes and cleaners for industrial applications; 
 fluids, polymers and other supplies for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance; 
 fillers and putties for auto body repair; and 
 polyester coatings and patch and repair products for the marine industry. 
 
 Construction Products This segment is a branded supplier of innovative engineered fastening systems and solutions. This segment primarily serves the residential construction, renovation/remodel and commercial construction markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 fasteners and related fastening tools for wood and metal applications; 
 anchors, fasteners and related tools for concrete applications; 
 metal plate truss components and related equipment and software; and 
 packaged hardware, fasteners, anchors and other products for retail. 
 
 Specialty Products This segment is focused on diversified niche market opportunities with substantial patent protection producing beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. This segment primarily serves the food and beverage, consumer durables, general industrial, industrial capital goods and printing and publishing markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 conveyor systems and line automation for the food and beverage industries; 
 plastic consumables that multi-pack cans and bottles and related equipment; 
 foil, film and related equipment used to decorate consumer products; 
 product coding and marking equipment and related consumables; 
 plastic and metal closures and components for appliances; 
 airport ground support equipment; and 
 components for medical devices. 
 
 The information set forth below is applicable to all segments of the Company unless otherwise noted. 
 
 The ITW Business Model 
 
 The powerful and highly differentiated ITW Business Model is the Company's core source of value creation. It is the Company's competitive advantage and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The ITW Business Model is comprised of three unique elements: 
 
 ITW's 80/20 Front-to-Back process is the operating system that is applied in every ITW business. Initially introduced as a manufacturing efficiency tool in the 1980s, ITW has continually refined, improved and expanded 80/20 into a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the Company and its customers. Through the application of data driven insights generated by 80/20 practice, ITW focuses on its largest and best opportunities (the "80") and eliminates cost, complexity and distractions associated with the less profitable opportunities (the "20"). 80/20 enables ITW businesses to consistently achieve world-class operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation, while generating superior financial performance; 
 
 Customer-back Innovation has fueled decades of profitable growth at ITW. The Company's unique innovation approach is built on insight gathered from the 80/20 Front-to-Back process. Working from the customer back, ITW businesses position themselves as the go-to problem solver for their "80" customers. ITW's innovation efforts are focused on understanding customer needs, particularly those in "80" markets with solid long-term growth fundamentals, and creating unique solutions to address those needs. These customer insights and learnings drive innovation at ITW and have contributed to a portfolio of approximately 19,200 granted and pending patents; 
 
 4 

ITW's Decentralized, Entrepreneurial Culture enables ITW businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive. ITW businesses have significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW Business Model to customize their approach in order to best serve their specific customers' needs. ITW colleagues recognize their unique responsibilities to execute the Company's strategy and values. As a result, the Company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers best-in-class services and solutions adapted to each business' customers and end markets. 
 
 Enterprise Strategy 
 
 In late 2012, ITW began its strategic framework transitioning the Company on its current path to fully leverage the compelling performance potential of the ITW Business Model. The Company undertook a complete review of its performance, focusing on its businesses delivering consistent above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. 
 
 ITW determined that solid and consistent above-market organic growth is the core growth engine to deliver world-class financial performance and compelling long-term returns for its shareholders. To shift its primary growth engine to organic, the Company began executing a multi-step approach. 
 
 The first step was to narrow the focus and improve the quality of ITW's business portfolio. As part of the Portfolio Management initiative, ITW exited businesses that were operating in commoditized market spaces and prioritized sustainable differentiation as a must-have requirement for all ITW businesses. This process included both divesting entire businesses and exiting commoditized product lines and customers inside otherwise highly differentiated ITW divisions. 
 
 As a result of this work, ITW's business portfolio now has significantly higher organic growth potential. ITW segments and divisions now possess attractive and differentiated product lines and end markets as they continue to improve operating margins and generate price/cost increases. The Company achieved this through product line simplification, or eliminating the complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers, while supporting and growing the businesses' largest / most profitable customers and product lines. 
 
 Step two, Business Structure Simplification, was implemented to simplify and scale up ITW's operating structure to support increased engineering, marketing, and sales resources, and improve global reach and competitiveness, all of which were critical to driving accelerated organic growth. ITW now has 84 scaled-up divisions with significantly enhanced focus on growth investments, core customers and products, and customer-back innovation. 
 
 The Strategic Sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year from 2013 through 2022 and continues to be a key contributor to the Company's ongoing enterprise strategy. 
 
 With the initial portfolio realignment and scale-up work largely complete, the Company shifted its focus to preparing for and accelerating organic growth, reapplying the 80/20 Front-to-Back process to optimize its newly scaled-up divisions for growth, first, to build a foundation of operational excellence, and second, to identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth. 
 
 ITW has clearly demonstrated superior 80/20 management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns as evidenced by the Company's operating margin and after-tax return on invested capital. At the same time, these 80/20 initiatives can also result in restructuring initiatives that reduce costs and improve profitability and returns. 
 
 Path to Full Potential 
 
 Since the launch of the enterprise strategy, the Company has made considerable progress on our path to full potential. The ITW Business Model and unique set of capabilities are a source of strong and enduring competitive advantage, but for the Company to truly reach its full potential, every one of its divisions must also be operating at its full potential. To do so, the Company remains focused on its core principles: 
 
 Portfolio discipline 
 80/20 Front-to-Back practice excellence 
 Full-potential organic growth 
 5 

Portfolio Discipline 
 
 The Company only operates in industries where it can generate significant, long-term competitive advantage from the ITW Business Model. ITW businesses have the right "raw material" in terms of market and business attributes that best fit the ITW Business Model and have significant potential to drive above-market organic growth over the long-term. 
 
 The Company focuses on high-quality businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value ITW's differentiated products, services and solutions. ITW's portfolio operates in highly diverse end markets and geographies which makes the Company more resilient in the face of uncertain or volatile market environments. 
 
 The Company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent long-term performance. This includes both implementing portfolio refinements and assessing selective high-quality acquisitions to supplement ITW's long-term growth potential. 
 
 The Company previously communicated its intent to explore options, including potential divestitures, for certain businesses with annual revenues totaling up to 1.0 billion. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company completed the divestitures of three businesses. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company chose to defer any significant divestiture activity in 2020 and 2021. The Company reinitiated the divestiture process in 2022 for certain businesses with combined annual revenues of approximately 0.5 billion, subject to approval by the Company's Board of Directors. In the second quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest two businesses, including one business in the Polymers Fluids segment and one business in the Food Equipment segment. In the fourth quarter of 2022, both of these businesses were divested. The business in the Polymers Fluids segment was sold for 220 million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 156 million. The business in the Food Equipment segment was sold for 59 million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 41 million. Operating revenue related to these divested businesses that was included in the Company's results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 106 million, 115 million and 113 million, respectively. Refer to Note 4. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's divestitures. 
 
 80/20 Front-to-Back Practice Excellence 
 
 The 80/20 Front-to-Back process is a rigorous, iterative and highly data-driven approach to identify where the Company has true differentiation and the ability to drive sustainable, high-quality organic growth. The Company simplifies and eliminates complexity and redesigns every aspect of its business to ensure focused execution on key opportunities, markets, customers, and products. 
 
 ITW will continue to drive 80/20 Front-to-Back practice excellence in every division in the Company, every day. Driving strong operational excellence in the quality of 80/20 Front-to-Back practice across the Company, division by division, will produce further customer-facing performance improvement in a number of divisions and additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level. 
 
 Pandemic Priorities and "Win the Recovery" 
 
 While it was the challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic that dominated the Company's attention starting in 2020, it was the collection of capabilities and competitive advantages that have been built and honed since 2012 through the execution of ITW's enterprise strategy that provided the Company with the options to respond. This, coupled with the proprietary and powerful ITW Business Model, diversified high-quality business portfolio and diligent execution put the Company in a position of strength in dealing with the global pandemic. 
 
 Throughout the global pandemic, the Company has focused its efforts on (1) protecting the health and supporting the well-being of ITW's colleagues; (2) serving the Company's customers with excellence; (3) maintaining financial strength, liquidity and strategic optionality; and (4) leveraging the Company's strengths to position it to fully participate in the recovery. 
 
 "Win the Recovery" is an execution component of the Company's enterprise strategy, not a separate initiative, with every one of the Company's divisions identifying specific opportunities presented by the pandemic to capture sustainable share gains that are aligned with the ITW long-term enterprise strategy. The Company expects these efforts to contribute meaningfully to accelerate its progress toward full-potential organic growth. The Company continues to focus on delivering strong results in any environment while executing its long-term strategy to achieve and sustain ITW's full potential performance. 
 6 

Full-potential Organic Growth 
 
 Reaching full potential means that every division is positioned for sustainable, high-quality organic growth. The Company has clearly defined action plans aimed at leveraging the performance power of the ITW Business Model to achieve full-potential organic growth in every division, with specific focus on: 
 
 "80" focused Market Penetration - fully leveraging the considerable growth potential that resides in the Company's largest and most differentiated product offerings and customer relationships 
 Customer-back Innovation - strengthening the Company's commitment to serial innovation and delivering a continuous flow of differentiated new products to its key customers 
 Strategic Sales Excellence - deploying a high-performance sales function in every division 
 
 As the Company continues to make progress toward its full potential, the Company will explore opportunities to reinforce or further expand the long-term organic growth potential of ITW through the addition of selective high-quality acquisitions, such as the acquisition of the Test Simulation business of MTS Systems Corporation ("MTS") from Amphenol Corporation on December 1, 2021. The operating results of the MTS Test Simulation business were reported within the Company's Test Measurement and Electronics segment. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding this acquisition. 
 
 Current Year Developments 
 
 Refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Distribution Methods 
 
 The Company's businesses primarily distribute their products directly to industrial manufacturers and through independent distributors. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Backlog generally is not considered a significant factor in the Company's businesses as relatively short delivery periods and rapid inventory turnover are characteristic of most of their products. Total backlog was 2.7 billion and 2.9 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Due to the predominately short-term nature of the Company's arrangements with its customers, backlog orders expected to be completed beyond calendar year 2023 are not significant and represent approximately 10 of total backlog as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Competition 
 
 With operations in 51 countries, the Company offers a wide range of products in a myriad of markets, many of which are fragmented, and the Company encounters a variety of competitors that vary by product line, end market and geographic area. The Company's competitors include many regional or specialized companies, as well as large U.S. and non-U.S. companies or divisions of large companies. Each of the Company's segments generally has several main competitors and numerous smaller ones in most of their end markets and geographic areas. In addition to numerous smaller regional competitors, the Welding segment competes globally with Lincoln Electric and ESAB. 
 
 In virtually all segments, the Company differentiates its businesses from its competitors based on product innovation, product quality, brand preference and service delivery. Technical capability is also a competitive factor in most segments. The Company believes that each segment's primary competitive advantages derive from the ITW Business Model and decentralized operating structure, which creates a strong focus on end markets and customers at the local level, enabling its businesses to respond rapidly to market dynamics. This structure enables the Company's businesses to drive operational excellence utilizing the Company's 80/20 Front-to-Back process and leveraging its product innovation capabilities. The Company also believes that its global footprint is a competitive advantage in many of its markets, especially in its Automotive OEM segment. 
 
 7 

Raw Materials 
 
 The Company uses raw materials of various types, primarily steel, resins and chemicals, that are available from numerous commercial sources. The availability of materials and energy has not resulted in any significant business interruptions or other major problems, and no such problems are currently anticipated. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company owns approximately 3,900 unexpired U.S. patents and 9,600 foreign patents covering articles, methods and machines. In addition, the Company has approximately 1,400 applications for patents pending in the U.S. Patent Office and 4,300 applications pending in foreign patent offices. There is no assurance that any of these patents will be issued. The Company maintains a patent group for the administration of patents and processing of patent applications. 
 
 The Company believes that many of its patents are valuable and important; however, the expiration of any one of the Company's patents would not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations or financial position. The Company also credits its success in the markets it serves to engineering capability; manufacturing techniques; skills and efficiency; marketing and sales promotion; and service and delivery of quality products to its customers. 
 
 In addition to patents, many of the Company's products and services are sold under various owned or licensed trademarks, which are important to the Company in the aggregate. Some of the Company's more significant trademarks include ITW, which is also used in conjunction with the trademarks of many of the Company's businesses; Deltar and Shakeproof in the Automotive OEM segment; Hobart in the Food Equipment segment; Instron and MTS in the Test Measurement and Electronics segment; Miller in the Welding segment; Rain-X and Permatex in the Polymers Fluids segment; Paslode in the Construction Products segment; and Hi-Cone in the Specialty Products segment. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 The Company believes that its businesses and operations, including its manufacturing plants and equipment, are in substantial compliance with all applicable government laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, consumer protection, international trade, labor and employment, human rights, tax, anti-bribery and competition matters. Any additional measures to maintain compliance are not expected to materially affect the Company's capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities), competitive position, financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Various legislative and administrative regulations applicable to the Company in the matters noted above have become effective or are under consideration in many parts of the world. To date, such developments have not had a substantial adverse impact on the Company's revenues, earnings or cash flows. However, if new or amended laws or regulations impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, the Company's business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 46,000 people, with approximately 18,000 people located in the United States and the remainder in multiple other countries where the Company's businesses operate. The Company strives to be a great employer through its demonstrated commitment to talent development, employee safety, workplace culture, compensation and benefits, and diversity and inclusion. 
 
 Talent Development . The Company's Great ITW Leader Framework defines the leadership capabilities and attributes that guide all leadership talent assessment, development and selection decisions. Great ITW Leaders are expected to be experts in the practice of the ITW Business Model, make great strategic choices, deliver great results, be great talent managers and provide strong leadership. Great ITW Leaders who have expertise in the ITW Business Model are the critical factor in translating the potential of the ITW Business Model into full performance. Because this expertise develops over time and through specific experiences, the Company focuses on developing and promoting its own talent to ensure the Company's sustained business success over the long term. 
 
 8 

Employee Safety . The safety and well-being of ITW's colleagues around the world has been, and always will be, its top priority. Guided by the Company's Enterprise Safety Strategy and the philosophy that every accident is preventable, ITW strives every day to foster a proactive safety culture. ITW's Enterprise Safety Strategy is based on the following core principles: (i) a goal of zero accidents; (ii) shared ownership for safety (business and individual); (iii) proactive approach focused on accident prevention; and (iv) continuous improvement philosophy. 
 
 Consistent with these commitments, employee health and safety has been a top priority during the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, the Company's commitment to its employees was reinforced when the Company decided not to initiate any enterprise-wide employment reduction mandates or programs at any point during the pandemic. 
 
 Workplace Culture . The Company operates under a decentralized, entrepreneurial culture that is crucial to the Company's performance and is one of the three unique elements of the ITW Business Model. ITW believes its colleagues around the world thrive in this culture, as it allows them to experience significant autonomy, a sense of shared ownership with their colleagues, and a work atmosphere deeply rooted in the Company's core values of Integrity, Respect, Trust, Shared Risk and Simplicity. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits . As a global employer, the Company is committed to providing market-competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain great talent across its global divisions. Specific compensation and benefits vary worldwide and are based on regional practices. In the U.S., the Company focuses on providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that supports the health and wellness, educational endeavors, community involvement and financial stability of its colleagues. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion . ITW believes it is at its best when it brings together unique perspectives, experiences and ideas. Rooted in ITW's core values of Respect and Integrity, the Company is committed to equal employment opportunity, fair treatment and creating diverse and inclusive workplaces where all ITW colleagues can perform to their full potential. ITW remains committed to achieving its diversity and inclusion goals and enhancing the diversity of its global leadership teams. ITW drives progress through a comprehensive enterprise Diversity and Inclusion Framework, which focuses on (i) leadership commitment and accountability; (ii) attracting and retaining global, diverse talent; (iii) creating inclusive workplaces; and (iv) striving to be a great employer. 
 
 Labor Relations . Less than three percent of the Company's U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Outside the U.S., employees in certain countries are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association. The Company considers its employee relations to be excellent. 
 
 The Company's Sustainability Report, published annually and available on the Company's website www.itw.com ), contains more information about the Company's human capital and its programs, goals and progress. Information in the Sustainability Report or on the Company's website is not incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 9 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 The executive officers of the Company serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Set forth below is information regarding the principal occupations and employment and business experience over the past five years for each executive officer. Unless otherwise stated, employment is by the Company. 
 
 Executive Officers of the Company as of February 10, 2023 were as follows: 
 Name Age Present Position Year Elected to Present Position Other Positions Held During 2018-2022 E. Scott Santi 61 Chairman Chief Executive Officer 2015 President Chief Executive Officer, 2012-2015. Axel Beck 57 Executive Vice President 2020 Group President, food equipment businesses, 2016-2020. Kenneth Escoe 47 Executive Vice President 2020 Vice President/General Manager, specialty products businesses, 2016-2019; Group President, specialty products businesses, 2019-2020. Javier Gracia Carbonell 50 Executive Vice President 2022 Vice President/General Manager, construction businesses, 2017-2020; Group President, construction businesses, 2020-2021. Patricia A. Hartzell 46 Executive Vice President 2022 Vice President/General Manager, test and measurement electronics businesses, 2017-2020; Group President, test and measurement electronics businesses, 2020-2021. Michael M. Larsen 54 Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 2013 Mary K. Lawler 57 Senior Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer 2014 Christopher O'Herlihy 59 Vice Chairman 2015 Randall J. Scheuneman 55 Vice President Chief Accounting Officer 2009 Jennifer K. Schott 49 Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary 2021 Vice President, Assistant General Counsel Assistant Secretary, Discover Financial Services, 2016-2019; Deputy General Counsel Assistant Secretary, Caterpillar, Inc., 2019-2021. Sharon Szafranski 56 Executive Vice President 2020 Vice President/General Manager, test measurement and electronics businesses, 2016-2019; Group President, test measurement and electronics businesses, 2019-2020. Michael R. Zimmerman 62 Executive Vice President 2015 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company electronically files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The SEC maintains a website www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Copies of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are also available free of charge through the Company's website www.itw.com ), as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing with or otherwise furnishing such information to the SEC. The Company's Code of Ethics for the CEO and key financial and accounting personnel is also posted on the Company's website. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, including, but 
 10 

not limited to, those set forth below, which could cause actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. These risk factors should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Economic Risks 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations and could affect the Company's liquidity. The full and long-term extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other outbreaks, pandemics, or public health crises on our business depend on future events that continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken globally to reduce its spread have negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer/customer demand and global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have the potential to alter demand for our products and to disrupt our supply chain as a result of shifts in demand, illness, travel restrictions, transportation disruptions, increased border controls or closures, or financial hardship. We have been able to procure the critical raw materials and components necessary to continue production, but prices for some raw materials have increased significantly and there is no guarantee that we will be able to procure critical raw materials in the future without materially adversely impacting our operating margins. A prolonged extension of the conditions resulting from the pandemic could force both customer and supplier bankruptcies, which we expect would adversely impact our results; however, given the uncertainty around the continued duration and breadth of the COVID-19 pandemic, we cannot reasonably estimate the extent of these adverse effects on our operations. 
 
 The ultimate significance of the COVID-19 pandemic or other outbreaks, pandemics or public health crises on our business will depend on events that are beyond our control and that we cannot predict. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Company's results are impacted by global economic conditions. Downturns in the markets served by the Company could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 The Company's businesses are impacted by economic conditions around the globe. Slower economic growth, financial market instability, inflation, natural disasters, public health crises (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), labor market challenges, supply chain disruptions, armed conflicts (such as the Russia and Ukraine conflict), government deficit reduction, sequestration and other austerity measures impacting the markets the Company serves can adversely affect the Company's businesses by reducing demand for the Company's products and services, limiting financing available to the Company's customers, causing production delays, increasing order cancellations and the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, increasing price competition, or increasing the risk that counterparties to the Company's contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their obligations. 
 
 Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of the Company's customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for the Company's products and customers' ability to repay obligations to the Company. Rising interest rates could have an impact on the Company and its customers' cost of capital. 
 
 The global nature of the Company's operations subjects it to political, economic and social risks that could adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Over 50 of the Company's net sales are derived from customers outside the United States, and the Company currently operates in 51 countries. The risks inherent in the Company's global operations include: 
 
 fluctuation in currency exchange rates; 
 limitations on ownership or participation in local enterprises; 
 price controls, exchange controls and limitations on repatriation of earnings; 
 transportation delays and disruptions; 
 political, social and economic instability and disruptions, including political unrest and armed conflicts; 
 acts of terrorism; 
 the impact of widespread public health crises (such as the COVID-19 pandemic); 
 government embargoes, sanctions or foreign trade restrictions; 
 the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers and retaliatory countermeasures; 
 11 

government actions impacting international trade agreements, including the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement; 
 import and export controls; 
 social and labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; 
 the potential for expropriation or nationalization of enterprises; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; 
 multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change; 
 limitations on its ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; and 
 potentially adverse tax consequences. 
 
 The global geopolitical and trade environment has resulted in raw material inflation and potential for increased escalation of domestic and international tariffs and retaliatory trade policies. Further changes in U.S. trade policy (including new or additional increases in duties or tariffs) and retaliatory actions by U.S. trade partners, including sanctions against Russia and developments in U.S.-China trade relations, could result in a worsening of economic conditions. If the Company is unable to successfully manage the risks associated with managing and expanding its international businesses, the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 
 A significant fluctuation between the U.S. Dollar and other currencies could adversely impact the Company's operating income. 
 
 Although the Company's financial results are reported in U.S. Dollars, a significant portion of its sales and operating costs are realized in other currencies, with the largest concentration of foreign sales occurring in Europe. The Company's profitability is affected by movements of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and other foreign currencies in which it generates revenues and incurs expenses. Significant long-term fluctuations in relative currency values, and in particular, an increase in the value of the U.S. Dollar against foreign currencies, has had and could have an adverse effect on profitability and financial condition. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 
 The benefits from the Company's enterprise strategy may not be as expected and the Company's financial results could be adversely impacted, or the Company may not meet its long-term financial performance targets. 
 
 As the Company continues to execute on its enterprise strategy initiatives, it remains focused on the core principles of portfolio discipline, 80/20 Front-to-Back practice excellence, and organic growth. Product line and customer base simplification activities, which are core elements of the Company's 80/20 Front-to-Back process, continue to be applied by the Company's operating divisions and are active elements of the enterprise strategy. Although these activities are expected to improve future operating margins and organic revenue growth, they are also expected to have a negative impact on the Company's overall organic revenue growth in the short term. Additionally, other core activities of the enterprise strategy related to portfolio discipline and organic growth, including customer-back innovation and strategic sales excellence, may not have the desired impact on future operating results. If the Company is unable to realize the expected benefits from its enterprise strategy initiatives, the Company's financial results could be adversely impacted, or the Company may not meet its long-term financial performance targets. 
 
 The timing and amount of the Company's share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 
 Share repurchases constitute a significant component of the Company's capital allocation strategy. The Company has historically funded its share repurchases with free cash flow and short-term borrowings. The amount and timing of share repurchases will be based on a variety of factors. Important factors that could cause the Company to limit, suspend or delay its share repurchases include unfavorable trading market conditions, the price of the Company's common stock, the nature of other investment opportunities presented to the Company from time to time, regulatory developments relating to share repurchase programs, the ability to obtain financing at attractive rates and the availability of U.S. cash. 
 
 If the Company is unable to successfully introduce new products, its future growth may be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues and adversely affect the Company's competitive position. If the Company is unable to create sustainable product differentiation, its organic growth may be adversely affected. 
 12 

If the Company is unable to adequately protect its intellectual property, its competitive position and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Protecting the Company's intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts. The Company owns patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights related to many of its products, and also has exclusive and non-exclusive license rights under intellectual property owned by others. The Company's intellectual property rights may be challenged or the Company may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. Unauthorized use of the Company's intellectual property rights by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected, or inability to preserve existing intellectual property rights could adversely impact the Company's competitive position and results of operations. 
 
 The Company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial results. 
 
 The Company has recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of acquisitions, including the acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business in December 2021. A number of factors may result in impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets, including significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, increased competition and significant changes in the use of the assets. Impairment charges could adversely affect the Company's financial condition or results of operations in the periods recognized. 
 
 Raw material price increases and supply shortages could adversely affect results. 
 
 The supply of raw materials to the Company and to its component parts suppliers could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including availability and pricing. The Company and its customers have experienced supply chain disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the global reaction to Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine, and continued disruptions to the supply chain could adversely affect the Company's ability to meet commitments to customers. Prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and the Company has experienced upward pricing pressure on raw materials such as steel, resins and chemicals. Significant price increases could adversely affect the Company's results of operations and operating margins. In particular, inflation, changes in trade policies, the imposition of duties and tariffs, potential retaliatory countermeasures, public health crises (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), threatened or actual military conflicts and severe weather events could adversely impact the price or availability of raw materials. The Company may not be able to pass along increased raw material and components parts prices to its customers in the form of price increases or its ability to do so could be delayed. Consequently, its results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company's defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The performance of financial markets and interest rates impact the Company's funding obligations under its defined benefit pension plans. Significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets may increase the Company's funding obligations and adversely impact its results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 If the Company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, or if there is a violation of data privacy laws, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the Company may suffer financial or reputational damage. 
 
 The Company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; employee error or malfeasance; and attacks by computer hackers, which have continued to increase on a global scale in both magnitude and frequency, taken on novel and unprecedented forms and become more difficult to detect. Minor security breaches have occurred from time to time and are expected to occur in the future. Although the cyber-attacks experienced to date have not had a material impact, future security breaches of our technology networks and systems or those of our vendors and third-party service providers could result in unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could cause reputational and legal harm as we are subject to data privacy laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation, in the various countries in which we operate. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, or if we 
 13 

violate data privacy laws, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the Company may suffer financial or reputational damage. 
 
 Strategic Transaction Risks 
 
 The Company's acquisition of businesses could negatively impact its profitability and returns. 
 
 The Company has engaged in various acquisitions in the past, such as the acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business in December 2021, and could choose to acquire additional businesses in the future. Acquisitions involve a number of risks and financial, accounting, managerial and operational challenges, including the following, any of which could adversely affect the Company's profitability and returns: 
 
 The acquired business' inability to adapt to the ITW Business Model or otherwise perform in accordance with the Company's anticipated results or timetable, could cause it to under-perform relative to the Company's expectations and the price paid for it. 
 The acquired business could cause the Company's financial results to differ from expectations in any given fiscal period, or over the long term. 
 Acquisition-related earnings charges could adversely impact operating results. 
 The acquired business could place unanticipated demands on the Company's management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems. 
 The Company may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized or known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the activities of the acquired business. The realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies may increase the Company's expenses, adversely affect its financial position or cause noncompliance with its financial reporting obligations. 
 As a result of acquisitions, the Company has in the past recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet. If the Company is not able to realize the value of these assets, it may recognize charges relating to the impairment of these assets. 
 
 Divestitures pose the risk of retained liabilities that could adversely affect the Company's financial results. 
 
 The Company has had significant divestiture activity in the past in accordance with its portfolio management initiative, and it divested two businesses in the fourth quarter of 2022 as it continues portfolio refinements to maintain portfolio discipline. The Company has retained certain liabilities directly or through indemnifications made to the buyers against known and unknown contingent liabilities such as lawsuits, tax liabilities, product liability claims and environmental matters, which could adversely affect the Company's financial results. 
 
 Tax, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Unfavorable tax law changes and tax authority rulings may adversely affect results. 
 
 The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in various foreign jurisdictions. Domestic and international tax liabilities are based on the income and expenses in various tax jurisdictions. The Company's effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws. The amount of income taxes is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from amounts recorded, future financial results may include unfavorable tax adjustments. 
 
 Adverse outcomes in legal proceedings or enforcement actions may adversely affect results. 
 
 The Company's businesses expose it to potential costs and adverse rulings associated with commercial, intellectual property, employment, toxic tort and other product liability claims and lawsuits. The Company's global operations also subject it to government investigations in numerous countries. We cannot predict the outcome of claims, investigations and lawsuits and we may incur costs, judgments or fines or enter into settlements that could adversely impact our businesses, reputation or future financial results. The Company currently maintains insurance programs consisting of self-insurance up to certain limits and excess insurance coverage for claims over established limits. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or that its insurance programs will provide adequate protection against actual losses. In addition, the Company is subject to the risk that one or more of its insurers may become insolvent and become unable to pay claims that may be made in the future. Even if it maintains adequate insurance programs, claims, judgments or settlements 
 14 

could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and on its ability to obtain suitable, adequate or cost-effective insurance in the future. 
 
 Uncertainty related to environmental regulation and industry standards, as well as physical risks of climate change, could impact the Company's results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Increased public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including global climate change, may result in more international, regional and/or federal requirements or industry standards to reduce or mitigate global warming and other environmental risks. These regulations or standards could mandate even more restrictive requirements, such as stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions and production of single use plastics, than the voluntary commitments that the Company has made or require such changes on a more accelerated time frame. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. In addition, the physical risks of climate change may impact the availability and cost of materials and natural resources, sources and supply of energy, product demand and manufacturing and could increase insurance and other operating costs, including, potentially, to repair damage incurred as a result of extreme weather events or to renovate or retrofit facilities to better withstand extreme weather events. If environmental laws or regulations or industry standards are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, or the Company's operations are disrupted due to physical impacts of climate change, the Company's business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. 
 
 The Company may incur fines or penalties, damage to its reputation or other adverse consequences if its employees, agents or business partners violate anti-bribery, competition, export and import, trade sanctions, data privacy, environmental, human rights or other laws. 
 
 The Company has a decentralized operating structure under which its individual businesses are allowed significant decision-making autonomy within the Company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The Company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents or business partners that might violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws, including anti-bribery, competition, export and import, trade sanctions, data privacy, environmental and human rights laws. As recent years have seen a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption laws and adoption of new trade sanctions and human rights laws, any such improper actions could subject the Company to civil or criminal investigations, could lead to substantial civil or criminal monetary and non-monetary penalties against the Company or its subsidiaries, or could damage its reputation. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "plans," "intend," "may," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "will," "should," "could," "project," "target," "anticipate," "guidance," "forecast," and other similar words, and may include, without limitation, statements regarding the duration and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and global supply chain challenges, related government actions and the Company's strategy in response thereto on the Company's business, future financial and operating performance, free cash flow, economic and regulatory conditions in various geographic regions, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the timing and amount of benefits from the Company's enterprise strategy initiatives, the timing and amount of dividends and share repurchases, the protection of the Company's intellectual property, the likelihood of future goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges, the impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, the adequacy of internally generated funds and credit facilities to service debt and finance the Company's capital allocation priorities, the sufficiency of U.S. generated cash to fund cash requirements in the U.S., the cost and availability of additional financing, the availability of raw materials and energy and the impact of raw material cost inflation, enterprise initiatives, the Company's portion of future benefit payments related to pension and postretirement benefits, the Company's information technology infrastructure, potential acquisitions and divestitures and the expected performance of acquired businesses and impact of divested businesses, the impact of U.S. and global tax legislation and the estimated timing and amount related to the resolution of tax matters, the cost of compliance with environmental regulations, the impact of failure of the Company's employees to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and the outcome of outstanding legal proceedings. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Important risks that may influence future results include those risks described above. These risks are not all inclusive and given these and other possible risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 
 
 15 

Any forward-looking statements made by ITW speak only as of the date on which they are made. ITW is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 
 
 ITW practices fair disclosure for all interested parties. Investors should be aware that while ITW regularly communicates with securities analysts and other investment professionals, it is against ITW's policy to disclose to them any material non-public information or other confidential commercial information. Investors should not assume that ITW agrees with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. Properties 
 
 Due to the Company's decentralized operating structure and global operations, the Company operates out of a large number of facilities worldwide, none of which are individually significant to the Company or its segments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operated approximately 440 plants and office facilities, excluding regional sales offices and warehouse facilities. Approximately 290 of the facilities were located outside of the United States. Principal foreign countries include Germany, China, France, and the United Kingdom. 
 
 The Company's properties are well suited for the purposes for which they were designed and are maintained in good operating condition. Production capacity, in general, currently exceeds operating levels. Capacity levels are somewhat flexible based on the number of shifts operated and on the number of overtime hours worked. The Company adds production capacity from time to time as required by increased demand. Additions to capacity can be made within a reasonable period of time due to the nature of the Company's businesses. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 None. The Company's threshold for disclosing environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority where potential monetary sanctions are involved is 1 million. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 
 16 

PART II 

ITEM 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Stock Data The Company's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. There were approximately 4,748 holders of record of common stock as of January 31, 2023. This number does not include beneficial owners of the Company's securities held in the name of nominees. 

Assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal years ended December 31. 
 Copyright 2023 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 
 The 2022 Peer Group consists of the following 17 public companies: 
 3M Company Ecolab Inc. Parker-Hannifin Corporation Caterpillar Inc. Emerson Electric Co. PPG Industries, Inc. Cummins Inc. Fortive Corporation Rockwell Automation, Inc. Deere Company General Dynamics Corporation Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Dover Corporation Honeywell International Inc. Trane Technologies plc Eaton Corporation plc Johnson Controls International plc 
 
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company reviews the peer group annually and from time to time changes the composition of the peer group where changes are appropriate. There were no changes in the Company's peer group in 2022. 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock On August 3, 2018, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program which provided for the repurchase of up to 3.0 billion of the Company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2018 Program"). The 2018 program was completed in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 On May 7, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program which provides for the repurchase of up to an additional 3.0 billion of the Company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2021 Program"). As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.5 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under the 2021 Program. 
 
 17 

Share repurchase activity under the Company's share repurchase programs for the fourth quarter of 2022 was as follows: 
 
 In millions except per share amounts Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under Programs October 2022 1,990 November 2022 0.5 222.66 0.5 1,869 December 2022 1.8 221.25 1.8 1,490 Total 2.3 2.3 

ITEM 6. [ Reserved] 

ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. (the "Company" or "ITW") is a global manufacturer of a diversified range of industrial products and equipment with 84 divisions in 51 countries. As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 46,000 people. 
 
 The Company's operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as the following seven segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. 
 
 Due to the large number of diverse businesses and the Company's decentralized operating structure, the Company does not require its businesses to provide detailed information on operating results. Instead, the Company's corporate management collects data on several key measurements: operating revenue, operating income, operating margin, overhead costs, number of months on hand in inventory, days sales outstanding in accounts receivable, past due receivables and return on invested capital. These key measures are monitored by management and significant changes in operating results versus current trends in end markets and variances from forecasts are discussed with operating unit management. 

THE ITW BUSINESS MODEL 
 
 The powerful and highly differentiated ITW Business Model is the Company's core source of value creation. It is the Company's competitive advantage and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The ITW Business Model is comprised of three unique elements: 
 
 ITW's 80/20 Front-to-Back process is the operating system that is applied in every ITW business. Initially introduced as a manufacturing efficiency tool in the 1980s, ITW has continually refined, improved and expanded 80/20 into a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the Company and its customers. Through the application of data driven insights generated by 80/20 practice, ITW focuses on its largest and best opportunities (the "80") and eliminates cost, complexity and distractions associated with the less profitable opportunities (the "20"). 80/20 enables ITW businesses to consistently achieve world-class operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation, while generating superior financial performance; 
 
 Customer-back Innovation has fueled decades of profitable growth at ITW. The Company's unique innovation approach is built on insight gathered from the 80/20 Front-to-Back process. Working from the customer back, ITW businesses position themselves as the go-to problem solver for their "80" customers. ITW's innovation efforts are focused on understanding customer needs, particularly those in "80" markets with solid long-term growth fundamentals, and creating unique solutions to address those needs. These customer insights and learnings drive innovation at ITW and have contributed to a portfolio of approximately 19,200 granted and pending patents; 
 
 ITW's Decentralized, Entrepreneurial Culture enables ITW businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive. ITW businesses have significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW Business Model to customize their approach in order to best serve their specific customers' needs. ITW colleagues recognize their unique responsibilities to 
 18 

execute the Company's strategy and values. As a result, the Company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers best-in-class services and solutions adapted to each business' customers and end markets. 

ENTERPRISE STRATEGY 
 
 In late 2012, ITW began its strategic framework transitioning the Company on its current path to fully leverage the compelling performance potential of the ITW Business Model. The Company undertook a complete review of its performance, focusing on its businesses delivering consistent above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. 
 
 ITW determined that solid and consistent above-market organic growth is the core growth engine to deliver world-class financial performance and compelling long-term returns for its shareholders. To shift its primary growth engine to organic, the Company began executing a multi-step approach. 
 
 The first step was to narrow the focus and improve the quality of ITW's business portfolio. As part of the Portfolio Management initiative, ITW exited businesses that were operating in commoditized market spaces and prioritized sustainable differentiation as a must-have requirement for all ITW businesses. This process included both divesting entire businesses and exiting commoditized product lines and customers inside otherwise highly differentiated ITW divisions. 
 
 As a result of this work, ITW's business portfolio now has significantly higher organic growth potential. ITW segments and divisions now possess attractive and differentiated product lines and end markets as they continue to improve operating margins and generate price/cost increases. The Company achieved this through product line simplification, or eliminating the complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers, while supporting and growing the businesses' largest / most profitable customers and product lines. 
 
 Step two, Business Structure Simplification, was implemented to simplify and scale up ITW's operating structure to support increased engineering, marketing, and sales resources, and improve global reach and competitiveness, all of which were critical to driving accelerated organic growth. ITW now has 84 scaled-up divisions with significantly enhanced focus on growth investments, core customers and products, and customer-back innovation. 
 
 The Strategic Sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year from 2013 through 2022 and continues to be a key contributor to the Company's ongoing enterprise strategy. 
 
 With the initial portfolio realignment and scale-up work largely complete, the Company shifted its focus to preparing for and accelerating organic growth, reapplying the 80/20 Front-to-Back process to optimize its newly scaled-up divisions for growth, first, to build a foundation of operational excellence, and second, to identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth. 
 
 ITW has clearly demonstrated superior 80/20 management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns as evidenced by the Company's operating margin and after-tax return on invested capital. At the same time, these 80/20 initiatives can also result in restructuring initiatives that reduce costs and improve profitability and returns. 
 
 PATH TO FULL POTENTIAL 
 
 Since the launch of the enterprise strategy, the Company has made considerable progress on our path to full potential. The ITW Business Model and unique set of capabilities are a source of strong and enduring competitive advantage, but for the Company to truly reach its full potential, every one of its divisions must also be operating at its full potential. To do so, the Company remains focused on its core principles: 
 
 Portfolio discipline 
 80/20 Front-to-Back practice excellence 
 Full-potential organic growth 
 
 19 

Portfolio Discipline 
 
 The Company only operates in industries where it can generate significant, long-term competitive advantage from the ITW Business Model. ITW businesses have the right "raw material" in terms of market and business attributes that best fit the ITW Business Model and have significant potential to drive above-market organic growth over the long-term. 
 
 The Company focuses on high-quality businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value ITW's differentiated products, services and solutions. ITW's portfolio operates in highly diverse end markets and geographies which makes the Company more resilient in the face of uncertain or volatile market environments. 
 
 The Company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent long-term performance. This includes both implementing portfolio refinements and assessing selective high-quality acquisitions to supplement ITW's long-term growth potential. 
 
 The Company previously communicated its intent to explore options, including potential divestitures, for certain businesses with annual revenues totaling up to 1.0 billion. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company completed the divestitures of three businesses. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company chose to defer any significant divestiture activity in 2020 and 2021. The Company reinitiated the divestiture process in 2022 for certain businesses with combined annual revenues of approximately 0.5 billion, subject to approval by the Company's Board of Directors. In the second quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest two businesses, including one business in the Polymers Fluids segment and one business in the Food Equipment segment. In the fourth quarter of 2022, both of these businesses were divested. The business in the Polymers Fluids segment was sold for 220 million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 156 million. The business in the Food Equipment segment was sold for 59 million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 41 million. Operating revenue related to these divested businesses that was included in the Company's results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 106 million, 115 million and 113 million, respectively. Refer to Note 4. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's divestitures. 
 
 80/20 Front-to-Back Practice Excellence 
 
 The 80/20 Front-to-Back process is a rigorous, iterative and highly data-driven approach to identify where the Company has true differentiation and the ability to drive sustainable, high-quality organic growth. The Company simplifies and eliminates complexity and redesigns every aspect of its business to ensure focused execution on key opportunities, markets, customers, and products. 
 
 ITW will continue to drive 80/20 Front-to-Back practice excellence in every division in the Company, every day. Driving strong operational excellence in the quality of 80/20 Front-to-Back practice across the Company, division by division, will produce further customer-facing performance improvement in a number of divisions and additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level. 
 
 Pandemic Priorities and "Win the Recovery" 
 
 While it was the challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic that dominated the Company's attention starting in 2020, it was the collection of capabilities and competitive advantages that have been built and honed since 2012 through the execution of ITW's enterprise strategy that provided the Company with the options to respond. This, coupled with the proprietary and powerful ITW Business Model, diversified high-quality business portfolio and diligent execution put the Company in a position of strength in dealing with the global pandemic. 
 
 Throughout the global pandemic, the Company has focused its efforts on (1) protecting the health and supporting the well-being of ITW's colleagues; (2) serving the Company's customers with excellence; (3) maintaining financial strength, liquidity and strategic optionality; and (4) leveraging the Company's strengths to position it to fully participate in the recovery. 
 
 "Win the Recovery" is an execution component of the Company's enterprise strategy, not a separate initiative, with every one of the Company's divisions identifying specific opportunities presented by the pandemic to capture sustainable share gains that are aligned with the ITW long-term enterprise strategy. The Company expects these efforts to contribute meaningfully to accelerate its progress toward full-potential organic growth. The Company continues to focus on delivering strong results in any environment while executing its long-term strategy to achieve and sustain ITW's full potential performance. 
 20 

Full-Potential Organic Growth 
 
 Reaching full potential means that every division is positioned for sustainable, high-quality organic growth. The Company has clearly defined action plans aimed at leveraging the performance power of the ITW Business Model to achieve full-potential organic growth in every division, with specific focus on: 
 
 "80" focused Market Penetration - fully leveraging the considerable growth potential that resides in the Company's largest and most differentiated product offerings and customer relationships 
 Customer-back Innovation - strengthening the Company's commitment to serial innovation and delivering a continuous flow of differentiated new products to its key customers 
 Strategic Sales Excellence - deploying a high-performance sales function in every division 
 
 As the Company continues to make progress toward its full potential, the Company will explore opportunities to reinforce or further expand the long-term organic growth potential of ITW through the addition of selective high-quality acquisitions, such as the acquisition of the Test Simulation business of MTS Systems Corporation ("MTS") from Amphenol Corporation on December 1, 2021. The operating results of the MTS Test Simulation business were reported within the Company's Test Measurement and Electronics segment. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding this acquisition. 

TERMS USED BY ITW 
 
 Management uses the following terms to describe the financial results of operations of the Company: 
 
 Organic business - acquired businesses that have been included in the Company's results of operations for more than 12 months on a constant currency basis. 
 Operating leverage - the estimated effect of the organic revenue volume changes on organic operating income, assuming variable margins remain the same as the prior period. 
 Price/cost - represents the estimated net impact of increases or decreases in the cost of materials used in the Company's products versus changes in the selling price to the Company's customers. 
 Product line simplification (PLS) - focuses businesses on eliminating the complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers, and focuses businesses on supporting and growing their largest customers and product lines. In the short-term, PLS may result in a decrease in revenue and overhead costs while improving operating margin. In the long-term, PLS is expected to result in growth in revenue, profitability, and returns. 
 
 Unless otherwise stated, the changes in financial results in the consolidated results of operations and the results of operations by segment represent the current year period versus the comparable period in the prior year. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 In early 2020, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) occurred in China and other jurisdictions. The COVID-19 outbreak was subsequently declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. In response to the outbreak, governments around the globe took various actions to reduce its spread, including travel restrictions, shutdowns of businesses deemed nonessential, and stay-at-home or similar orders. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken globally to reduce its spread have negatively impacted the global economy, causing significant disruptions in the Company's global operations starting primarily in the latter part of the first quarter of 2020 as COVID-19 spread and impacted the countries in which the Company operates and the markets the Company serves. 
 
 Throughout the global pandemic, the Company has focused on the following priorities: (1) protecting the health and supporting the well-being of ITW's colleagues; (2) continuing to serve the Company's customers with excellence to the best of its ability; (3) maintaining financial strength, liquidity and strategic optionality; and (4) leveraging the Company's strengths to position it to fully participate in the recovery. To support ITW's colleagues, among its many actions and initiatives, the Company redesigned production processes to ensure proper social distancing practices, adjusted shift schedules and assignments to help colleagues who have child and elder care needs, and implemented aggressive new workplace sanitation practices and a coordinated response to ensure access to personal protective equipment to minimize infection risk. To support its customers, the Company worked diligently to keep its facilities open and operating safely. The Company also adapted customer service systems and practices to seamlessly serve its customers under "work from home" requirements in many parts of the world. 
 21 

In areas around the world where governments issued stay-at-home or similar orders, the vast majority of ITW's businesses were designated as critical or essential businesses and, as such, they remained open and operational. In some cases, this was because the Company's products directly impacted the COVID-19 response effort. In other cases, the Company's businesses were designated as critical because they played a vital role in serving and supporting industries that were deemed essential to the physical and economic health of our communities. 
 
 While the vast majority of the Company's facilities remained open and operational during the pandemic, many of these facilities were operating at a reduced capacity at various times since the outset of the pandemic. Despite the ongoing disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company experienced solid recovery progress in many of its end markets during 2021 and, to a greater extent, in 2022 as vaccines became widely available and many governments reduced restrictions related to COVID-19. The full extent of the COVID-19 outbreak and its impact on the markets served by the Company and on the Company's operations and financial position continues to be highly uncertain as conditions continue to fluctuate around the world, with vaccine administration rising in certain regions, spikes in infections (including the spread of variants) continuing to be experienced and certain jurisdictions continuing to impose stay-at-home orders. The pandemic and resurgence of outbreaks could continue to adversely impact the operations of the Company and its customers and suppliers. A description of the risks relating to the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company's business, operations and financial condition is contained in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine. In response, the United States and several other countries imposed economic and other sanctions on Russia. The Company has four immaterial Russian subsidiaries with total assets of approximately 25 million as of December 31, 2022. The revenue for these four subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 38 million. Sales to customers in Russia represented less than one percent of ITW's total consolidated revenue and were not material to the Company's results of operations or financial position. 
 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business for a purchase price of 750 million, subject to certain closing adjustments. The MTS Test Simulation business had operating revenue of 46 million for the one month ended December 31, 2021 and 422 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects the MTS Test Simulation business to improve operating margin performance in later years through the application of the Company's 80/20 Front-to-Back process. The operating results of the MTS Test Simulation business were reported within the Test Measurement and Electronics segment. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest two businesses, including one business in the Polymers Fluids segment and one business in the Food Equipment segment. These two businesses were classified as held for sale beginning in the second quarter of 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, both of these businesses were divested. On October 3, 2022, the business in the Polymers Fluids segment was sold for 220 million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 156 million. On December 1, 2022, the business in the Food Equipment segment was sold for 59 million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 41 million. The pre-tax gains were included in Other income (expense) in the Statement of Income. Income taxes on the gains were mostly offset by the utilization of capital loss carryforwards of 32 million. Operating revenue related to these divested businesses that was included in the Company's results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 106 million, 115 million and 113 million, respectively. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest one business in the Specialty Products segment. This business was presented as held for sale in the Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and had assets and liabilities held for sale of 8 million and 1 million, respectively. Operating revenue for this business was approximately 37 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to sell this business within one year. 
 
 In a challenging and dynamic environment, the Company delivered strong financial results in 2022 primarily due to the continued successful execution of enterprise initiatives, including the "Win the Recovery" actions initiated over the course of the past year, and continued focus on the highly differentiated ITW Business Model. Despite rising costs and a challenging global supply chain environment, the Company generated operating revenue growth of 10.2 percent and organic revenue growth of 12.1 percent, as all seven segments achieved worldwide organic revenue growth in 2022. Operating income was 3.8 billion in 2022, an increase of 9.0 percent. Operating margin was 23.8 percent in 2022. 
 
 22 

The Company's consolidated results of operations for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/ Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 15,932 14,455 10.2 12.1 2.4 (4.3) 10.2 Operating income 3,790 3,477 9.0 14.3 (0.1) (0.7) (4.5) 9.0 Operating margin 23.8 24.1 (30) bps 40 bps (60) bps (10) bps (30) bps 
 
 Operating revenue increased due to higher organic revenue and the MTS Test Simulation acquisition, which was completed on December 1, 2021, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation and the impact of divestiture activity in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Organic revenue grew 12.1 with growth in all seven segments. Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 40 basis points. 
 North American organic revenue increased 14.3 with growth in all seven segments primarily driven by the Food Equipment, Welding and Construction Products segments. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa organic revenue increased 9.7 with growth in all seven segments primarily driven by the Food Equipment and Automotive OEM segments. 
 Asia Pacific revenue increased 8.3 due to growth in six segments, partially offset by a decline in the Specialty Products segment. China organic revenue increased 5.6 as growth in the Automotive OEM, Test Measurement and Electronics, Welding and Polymers Fluids segments was partially offset by a decline in the Specialty Products, Food Equipment and Construction Products segments. The results in 2022 were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak and government stay-at-home orders in China. 
 Operating income of 3.8 billion increased 9.0 primarily due to higher organic revenue, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 Operating margin of 23.8 decreased 30 basis points primarily driven by higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses and freight costs, unfavorable price/cost of 90 basis points and the dilutive impact of 60 basis points from the MTS Test Simulation acquisition, partially offset by positive operating leverage of 220 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives of 90 basis points. 
 The Company's effective tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 21.0 and 19.0 , respectively. The 2022 effective tax rate benefited from discrete income tax benefits of 32 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and 51 million in the second quarter of 2022 related to a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from the resolution of a U.S. tax audit. The 2021 effective tax rate benefited from discrete income tax benefits of 21 million in the third quarter of 2021 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and 112 million in the second quarter of 2021 related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets due to the enactment of the U.K. Finance Bill 2021, which increases the U.K. income tax rate from 19 to 25 effective April 1, 2023. Additionally, the effective tax rates for 2022 and 2021 included discrete income tax benefits of 12 million and 17 million, respectively, related to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. 
 Diluted earnings per share (EPS) of 9.77 in 2022 increased 14.8 . Excluding the favorable impact of 0.60 per diluted share related to the pre-tax divestiture gains of 197 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, or 188 million after-tax including the impact of the 32 million discrete tax benefit noted above, EPS increased 7.8 . 
 Operating cash flow was 2.3 billion and free cash flow was 1.9 billion for 2022. Refer to the Cash Flow section of Liquidity and Capital Resources for a reconciliation of free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP measure. 
 The Company repurchased approximately 8.3 million shares of its common stock in 2022 for approximately 1.75 billion. 
 The Company increased the quarterly dividend on common stock from 1.22 to 1.31 per share in 2022, or from 4.88 to 5.24 per share on an annualized basis. Total cash dividends of approximately 1.5 billion were paid in 2022. 
 
 23 

2021 compared to 2020 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/ Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 14,455 12,574 15.0 12.3 0.4 2.3 15.0 Operating income 3,477 2,882 20.6 17.0 0.2 0.8 2.6 20.6 Operating margin 24.1 22.9 120 bps 100 bps 20 bps 120 bps 
 
 Operating revenue increased due to higher organic and acquisition revenue and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 12.3 as the Company saw continued improvement in both the breadth and pace of the recovery. Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 20 basis points. 
 North American organic revenue increased 13.5 due to growth in all segments, primarily driven by the Welding, Test Measurement and Electronics and Food Equipment segments. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa organic revenue increased 8.7 due to growth in six segments, primarily driven by the Food Equipment and Construction Products segments. The Automotive OEM segment was essentially flat. 
 Asia Pacific organic revenue increased 13.5 due to growth in all segments. China organic revenue grew 15.1 with growth in six segments, partially offset by a decline in the Construction Products segment. 
 Operating income of 3.5 billion increased 20.6 primarily due to higher organic revenue. 
 Operating margin of 24.1 increased 120 basis points primarily due to positive operating leverage of 250 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives of 110 basis points, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 150 basis points and higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses. 
 The Company's effective tax rate was 19.0 in 2021 compared to 22.0 in 2020. The 2021 effective tax rate benefited from a discrete income tax benefit of 21 million in the third quarter related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and a discrete income tax benefit of 112 million in the second quarter of 2021 related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets due to the enactment of the U.K. Finance Bill 2021, which increases the U.K. income tax rate from 19 to 25 effective April 1, 2023. Additionally, the effective tax rate included discrete income tax benefits related to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of 17 million and 27 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Diluted earnings per share (EPS) of 8.51 increased 28.4 . Excluding the favorable impact of the 21 million discrete income tax benefit in the third quarter of 2021 and the 112 million discrete income tax benefit in the second quarter of 2021, EPS increased 22.0 . 
 Operating cash flow was 2.6 billion and free cash flow was 2.3 billion for 2021. Refer to the Cash Flow section of Liquidity and Capital Resources for a reconciliation of free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP measure. 
 The Company repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares of its common stock in 2021 for approximately 1.0 billion. 
 The Company increased the quarterly dividend on common stock from 1.14 to 1.22 per share in 2021, or from 4.56 to 4.88 per share on an annualized basis. Total cash dividends of approximately 1.5 billion were paid in 2021. 
 
 24 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS BY SEGMENT 
 
 The reconciliation of segment operating revenue and operating income to total operating revenue and operating income is as follows: 
 
 Operating Revenue In millions 2022 2021 2020 Automotive OEM 2,969 2,800 2,571 Food Equipment 2,444 2,078 1,739 Test Measurement and Electronics 2,828 2,346 1,963 Welding 1,894 1,650 1,384 Polymers Fluids 1,905 1,804 1,622 Construction Products 2,113 1,945 1,652 Specialty Products 1,799 1,854 1,660 Intersegment revenue (20) (22) (17) Total 15,932 14,455 12,574 
 
 Operating Income In millions 2022 2021 2020 Automotive OEM 499 545 457 Food Equipment 618 469 342 Test Measurement and Electronics 684 643 507 Welding 583 490 376 Polymers Fluids 479 457 402 Construction Products 548 530 421 Specialty Products 481 504 432 Total Segments 3,892 3,638 2,937 Unallocated (102) (161) (55) Total 3,790 3,477 2,882 
 
 Segments are allocated a fixed overhead charge based on the segment's revenue. Expenses not charged to the segments are reported separately as Unallocated. Because the Unallocated category includes a variety of items, it is subject to fluctuations on a quarterly and ann ual basis. Unallocated expenses in 2021 were higher as compared to 2020 primarily due to higher employee-related expenses and transaction costs related to the previously discussed acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business. 
 
 25 

AUTOMOTIVE OEM 
 
 This segment is a global, niche supplier to top tier OEMs, providing unique innovation to address pain points for sophisticated customers with complex problems. Businesses in this segment produce components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. This segment primarily serves the automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers market. Products in this segment include: 
 
 plastic and metal components, fasteners and assemblies for automobiles, light trucks and other industrial uses. 
 
 The results of operations for the Automotive OEM segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 2,969 2,800 6.0 11.7 (5.7) 6.0 Operating income 499 545 (8.6) 1.5 (4.8) (5.3) (8.6) Operating margin 16.8 19.5 (270) bps (180) bps (90) bps (270) bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 11.7 compared to worldwide auto builds which grew 6 . The impact of Automotive OEM customers adjusting production schedules to account for the shortage of semiconductor chips and other components continued to negatively impact operating results in 2022. Auto builds for North America, Europe and China, where the Company has a higher concentration of revenue as compared to the other geographic regions, grew 5 . 
 North American organic revenue increased 14.1 compared to North American auto builds which grew 10 . 
 European organic revenue grew 7.1 compared to European auto builds which decreased 1 . 
 Asia Pacific organic revenue increased 14.7 . China organic revenue grew 12.2 , including growth in the electric vehicles market, versus China auto builds which increased 6 . Auto builds of foreign automotive manufacturers in China, where the Company has higher content, increased 1 . 
 Operating margin of 16.8 decreased 270 basis points primarily driven by unfavorable price/cost of 200 basis points, higher restructuring expenses, higher operating expenses and continued investment in the business, including the electric vehicles market, partially offset by positive operating leverage of 190 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 2,800 2,571 8.9 5.8 3.1 8.9 Operating income 545 457 19.3 13.0 3.0 3.3 19.3 Operating margin 19.5 17.8 170 bps 120 bps 50 bps 170 bps 
 
 Operating revenue increased due to higher organic revenue and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 5.8 . The impact of Automotive OEM customers adjusting production schedules to account for the shortage of semiconductor chips and other components negatively impacted organic revenue in 2021, especially during the second half of the year. Worldwide auto builds increased 2 . Auto builds for North America, Europe and China, where the Company has a higher concentration of revenue as compared to the other geographic regions, were flat. 
 26 

North American organic revenue increased 5.3 compared to North American auto builds which were flat. Auto builds for the Detroit 3, where the Company has higher content, decreased 5 . 
 European organic revenue was essentially flat compared to European auto builds which declined 5 . 
 Asia Pacific organic revenue increased 17.2 . China organic revenue grew 13.9 versus China auto builds which increased 4 . Auto builds of foreign automotive manufacturers in China, where the Company has higher content, declined 8 . 
 Operating margin was 19.5 . The increase of 170 basis points was primarily driven by positive operating leverage of 120 basis points, the net benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives and cost management, and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 250 basis points. 

FOOD EQUIPMENT 
 
 This segment is a highly focused and branded industry leader in commercial food equipment differentiated by innovation and integrated service offerings. This segment primarily serves the food service, food retail and food institutional/restaurant markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 warewashing equipment; 
 cooking equipment, including ovens, ranges and broilers; 
 refrigeration equipment, including refrigerators, freezers and prep tables; 
 food processing equipment, including slicers, mixers and scales; 
 kitchen exhaust, ventilation and pollution control systems; and 
 food equipment service, maintenance and repair. 
 
 The results of operations for the Food Equipment segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 2,444 2,078 17.6 22.9 (0.1) (5.2) 17.6 Operating income 618 469 31.7 38.1 (0.1) (0.4) (5.9) 31.7 Operating margin 25.3 22.6 270 bps 280 bps (10) bps 270 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation and the impact of a divestiture in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company completed the sale of a business. Operating revenue for this business that was included in the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 30 million and 28 million, respectively. Refer to Note 4. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 
 Organic revenue increased 22.9 as equipment and service organic revenue grew 25.2 and 18.5 , respectively. 
 North American organic revenue increased 26.1 . Equipment organic revenue grew 31.5 primarily due to growth in the restaurant, institutional and food retail end markets. Service organic revenue increased 17.2 . 
 International organic revenue increased 18.8 . Equipment organic revenue grew 17.8 primarily due to higher demand in the European warewash, refrigeration and cooking end markets. Service organic revenue increased 20.8 . 
 Operating margin of 25.3 increased 270 basis points primarily due to positive operating leverage of 430 basis points, benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives and favorable price/cost of 90 basis points, partially offset by higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses. 
 
 27 

2021 compared to 2020 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 2,078 1,739 19.5 16.7 2.8 19.5 Operating income 469 342 37.4 31.7 2.4 3.3 37.4 Operating margin 22.6 19.6 300 bps 260 bps 40 bps 300 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 16.7 as equipment and service organic revenue grew 21.4 and 8.5 , respectively. 
 North American organic revenue increased 16.2 . Equipment organic revenue grew 20.1 primarily due to growth in the restaurant and institutional end markets, partially offset by a decline in the food retail end markets. Service organic revenue increased 10.3 . 
 International organic revenue increased 17.4 . Equipment organic revenue grew 22.9 primarily due to higher demand in the European warewash, refrigeration and cooking end markets. Service organic revenue increased 5.5 . 
 Operating margin was 22.6 . The increase of 300 basis points was primarily driven by positive operating leverage of 370 basis points, benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 90 basis points and higher overhead expenses. 

TEST MEASUREMENT AND ELECTRONICS 
 
 This segment is a branded and innovative producer of test and measurement and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair, and operations, or "MRO" solutions that improve efficiency and quality for customers in diverse end markets. Businesses in this segment produce equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials and structures, as well as equipment and consumables used in the production of electronic subassemblies and microelectronics. This segment primarily serves the electronics, general industrial, automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers, energy, consumer durables and industrial capital goods markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials, structures, gases and fluids; 
 electronic assembly equipment; 
 electronic components and component packaging; 
 static control equipment and consumables used for contamination control in clean room environments; and 
 pressure sensitive adhesives and components for electronics, medical, transportation and telecommunications applications. 
 
 The results of operations for the Test Measurement and Electronics segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 2,828 2,346 20.6 9.0 15.9 (4.3) 20.6 Operating income 684 643 6.3 10.1 0.1 (3.9) 6.3 Operating margin 24.2 27.4 (320) bps 30 bps (350) bps (320) bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to the MTS Test Simulation acquisition, which was completed on December 1, 2021, and higher organic revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 9.0 . 
 Organic revenue for the test and measurement businesses increased 12.7 primarily driven by higher semiconductor demand in North America and Asia Pacific and the impact of a stronger capital spending 
 28 

environment. Instron, where demand is more closely tied to the capital spending environment, had organic revenue growth of 12.8 . 
 Electronics organic revenue increased 4.6 primarily due to higher demand in the semiconductor end market, partially offset by a decline in the consumer electronics end market. The electronics assembly businesses increased 1.3 primarily due to growth in Asia Pacific, partially offset by lower demand in North America in the first half of 2022. The other electronics businesses, which include the contamination control, static control and pressure sensitive adhesives businesses, increased 6.3 with growth across all major regions. 
 Operating margin of 24.2 decreased 320 basis points primarily driven by the dilutive impact of 350 basis points from the MTS Test Simulation acquisition, unfavorable price/cost of 120 basis points, and higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses, partially offset by positive operating leverage of 190 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 2,346 1,963 19.5 15.3 2.3 1.9 19.5 Operating income 643 507 26.9 23.1 0.9 0.8 2.1 26.9 Operating margin 27.4 25.8 160 bps 180 bps (40) bps 20 bps 160 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue, the MTS Test Simulation acquisition and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 15.3 . 
 Organic revenue for the test and measurement businesses increased 14.8 primarily driven by higher semiconductor demand in North America, the impact of a stronger capital spending environment, and higher demand in the oil and gas end markets in North America. Instron, where demand is more closely tied to the capital spending environment, had organic revenue growth of 14.0 . 
 Electronics organic revenue increased 15.9 driven by higher demand in consumer electronics, automotive applications and semiconductor end markets. The electronics assembly businesses grew 26.6 primarily due to higher demand in North America and Asia Pacific. The other electronics businesses, which include the contamination control, static control and pressure sensitive adhesives businesses, increased 10.8 with growth in all major regions. 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business, which had operating revenue of 46 million for the one month ended December 31, 2021 and increased Test Measurement and Electronics operating revenue by 2.3 . 
 Operating margin was 27.4 . The increase of 160 basis points was primarily driven by positive operating leverage of 340 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 40 basis points, the dilutive impact from the MTS acquisition, higher overhead expenses and higher freight costs. Additionally, the prior year included the recapture of amortization and depreciation expense related to a business previously classified as held for sale. 

WELDING 
 
 This segment is a branded value-added equipment and specialty consumable manufacturer with innovative and leading technology. Businesses in this segment produce arc welding equipment, consumables and accessories for a wide array of industrial and commercial applications. This segment primarily serves the general industrial market, which includes fabrication, shipbuilding and other general industrial markets, and construction, energy, MRO, industrial capital goods and automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 arc welding equipment; and 
 metal arc welding consumables and related accessories. 
 
 29 

The results of operations for the Welding segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/ Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 1,894 1,650 14.7 16.0 (1.3) 14.7 Operating income 583 490 19.0 19.1 0.6 (0.7) 19.0 Operating margin 30.8 29.7 110 bps 80 bps 10 bps 20 bps 110 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue grew 16.0 as equipment increased 16.2 and consumables increased 15.8 primarily due to higher demand in the industrial end markets related to heavy equipment for agriculture, infrastructure and mining, and in the commercial end markets related to construction, light fabrication and farm and ranch customers. 
 North American organic revenue grew 16.6 due to growth in the industrial and commercial end markets of 25.6 and 3.9 , respectively. 
 International organic revenue grew 13.3 primarily due to higher equipment demand in the oil and gas end markets in Europe and Asia. 
 Operating margin of 30.8 increased 110 basis points primarily driven by positive operating leverage of 220 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives, partially offset by higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses and freight costs, and unfavorable price/cost of 80 basis points. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 1,650 1,384 19.2 18.1 1.1 19.2 Operating income 490 376 30.5 29.8 (0.2) 0.9 30.5 Operating margin 29.7 27.1 260 bps 270 bps (10) bps 260 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue grew 18.1 as equipment increased 20.5 and consumables increased 14.3 primarily due to higher demand in the industrial end markets related to heavy equipment for agriculture, infrastructure and mining, and in the commercial end markets related to construction, light fabrication and farm and ranch customers. 
 North American organic revenue increased 19.6 primarily driven by growth in the industrial and commercial end markets of 22.6 and 17.0 , respectively. 
 International organic revenue grew 10.7 primarily due to higher equipment demand in the oil and gas end markets in Europe and Asia. 
 Operating margin was 29.7 . The increase of 260 basis points was primarily driven by positive operating leverage of 260 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives, partially offset by higher overhead expenses. 

POLYMERS FLUIDS 
 
 This segment is a branded supplier to niche markets that require value-added, differentiated products. Businesses in this segment produce engineered adhesives, sealants, lubrication and cutting fluids, and fluids and polymers for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance. This segment primarily serves the automotive aftermarket, general industrial and MRO markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 adhesives for industrial, construction and consumer purposes; 
 chemical fluids which clean or add lubrication to machines; 
 epoxy and resin-based coating products for industrial applications; 
 30 

hand wipes and cleaners for industrial applications; 
 fluids, polymers and other supplies for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance; 
 fillers and putties for auto body repair; and 
 polyester coatings and patch and repair products for the marine industry. 
 
 The results of operations for the Polymers Fluids segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 1,905 1,804 5.6 10.5 (1.2) (3.7) 5.6 Operating income 479 457 4.8 9.6 (0.7) (4.1) 4.8 Operating margin 25.2 25.4 (20) bps (30) bps 20 bps (10) bps (20) bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation and the impact of a divestiture in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 On October 3, 2022, the Company completed the sale of a business. Operating revenue for this business that was included in the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 76 million and 87 million, respectively. Refer to Note 4. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 
 Organic revenue increased 10.5 with growth across all major regions. Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 50 basis points. 
 Organic revenue for the polymers businesses increased 17.2 with growth across all major regions, primarily in the heavy industrial and wind end markets. 
 Organic revenue for the automotive aftermarket businesses increased 8.5 with growth in the car care, body repair, engine repair and tire repair businesses in North America and growth in the European additives and tire repair businesses. 
 Organic revenue for the fluids businesses grew 4.6 primarily due to growth in the hygiene and industrial maintenance, repair and operations end markets in North America and Europe. 
 Operating margin of 25.2 decreased 20 basis points primarily driven by higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses and freight costs, and unfavorable price/cost of 50 basis points, partially offset by positive operating leverage of 170 basis points, benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives, lower intangible asset amortization expense and the impact of a divestiture. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 1,804 1,622 11.2 10.0 1.2 11.2 Operating income 457 402 13.7 12.2 0.3 1.2 13.7 Operating margin 25.4 24.8 60 bps 50 bps 10 bps 60 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 10.0 driven by higher demand across all major regions. Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 80 basis points. 
 Organic revenue for the automotive aftermarket businesses increased 11.4 primarily driven by growth in the car care, body repair and tire repair businesses in North America and growth in the European additives and tire repair businesses. 
 Organic revenue for the polymers businesses increased 15.5 with growth across all major regions and end markets. 
 Organic revenue for the fluids businesses decreased 1.0 primarily due to a decline in the industrial maintenance, repair and operations end markets in North America. 
 31 

Operating margin was 25.4 . The increase of 60 basis points was primarily due to positive operating leverage of 200 basis points, benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives and lower intangible asset amortization expense, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 200 basis points, higher overhead expenses and higher freight costs. 

CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS 
 
 This segment is a branded supplier of innovative engineered fastening systems and solutions. This segment primarily serves the residential construction, renovation/remodel and commercial construction markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 fasteners and related fastening tools for wood and metal applications; 
 anchors, fasteners and related tools for concrete applications; 
 metal plate truss components and related equipment and software; and 
 packaged hardware, fasteners, anchors and other products for retail. 
 
 The results of operations for the Construction Products segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 2,113 1,945 8.6 14.4 (5.8) 8.6 Operating income 548 530 3.5 8.8 (0.2) (5.1) 3.5 Operating margin 25.9 27.2 (130) bps (130) bps (130) bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue grew 14.4 with growth across all major regions. Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 40 basis points. 
 North American organic revenue increased 26.0 driven by higher demand in the United States residential and commercial end markets of 30.4 and 11.5 , respectively. 
 International organic revenue increased 5.1 . European organic revenue increased 6.2 primarily driven by higher demand in the commercial and residential end markets in the first half of 2022. Asia Pacific organic revenue increased 3.8 primarily due to higher demand in the Australia and New Zealand residential end markets. 
 Operating margin of 25.9 decreased 130 basis points primarily driven by unfavorable price/cost of 260 basis points and higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses, partially offset by positive operating leverage of 220 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 1,945 1,652 17.7 13.6 (0.1) 4.2 17.7 Operating income 530 421 25.7 20.9 0.2 4.6 25.7 Operating margin 27.2 25.5 170 bps 160 bps 10 bps 170 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew primarily due to higher organic revenue and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 13.6 with growth across all major regions. Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 40 basis points. 
 North American organic revenue grew 13.6 due to higher demand in the United States residential and commercial end markets of 12.7 and 14.7 , respectively, and growth in Canada. 
 32 

International organic revenue increased 13.6 . European organic revenue grew 19.4 primarily driven by higher demand in the commercial and residential end markets. Asia Pacific organic revenue increased 7.3 primarily due to higher demand in the Australia and New Zealand residential end markets. 
 Operating margin was 27.2 . The increase of 170 basis points was primarily due to positive operating leverage of 240 basis points and the net benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives and cost management, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 250 basis points. 

SPECIALTY PRODUCTS 
 
 This segment is focused on diversified niche market opportunities with substantial patent protection producing beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. This segment primarily serves the food and beverage, consumer durables, general industrial, industrial capital goods and printing and publishing markets. Products in this segment include: 
 
 conveyor systems and line automation for the food and beverage industries; 
 plastic consumables that multi-pack cans and bottles and related equipment; 
 foil, film and related equipment used to decorate consumer products; 
 product coding and marking equipment and related consumables; 
 plastic and metal closures and components for appliances; 
 airport ground support equipment; and 
 components for medical devices. 
 
 The results of operations for the Specialty Products segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 1,799 1,854 (2.9) 0.4 (3.3) (2.9) Operating income 481 504 (4.5) (1.8) 0.1 (2.8) (4.5) Operating margin 26.7 27.2 (50) bps (60) bps 10 bps (50) bps 
 
 Operating revenue declined due to the unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation, partially offset by higher organic revenue. 
 Organic revenue increased 0.4 as consumable sales increased 3.0 and equipment sales declined 9.5 . Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 170 basis points. 
 North American organic revenue increased 2.5 primarily due to growth in the foils and thermal films, consumer packaging, specialty films, filter medical and ground support businesses, partially offset by a decline in the appliance and strength films businesses. 
 International organic revenue declined 3.2 primarily due to a decline in Asia Pacific of 22.8 primarily driven by decreases in the strength films, appliance, foils and thermal films, and graphics businesses. The results in 2022 were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak and government stay-at-home orders in China. Europe organic revenue grew 2.8 primarily due to an increase in the consumer packaging, specialty films and filter medical businesses, partially offset by a decline in the appliance business. 
 Operating margin of 26.7 decreased 50 basis points primarily driven by higher operating expenses, including employee-related expenses, partially offset by benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives and favorable price/cost of 10 basis points. 
 
 33 

2021 compared to 2020 
 
 For the Years Ended Dollars in millions December 31, Components of Increase (Decrease) 2021 2020 Inc (Dec) Organic Acquisition/Divestiture Restructuring Foreign Currency Total Operating revenue 1,854 1,660 11.7 9.8 1.9 11.7 Operating income 504 432 16.6 15.6 (1.0) 2.0 16.6 Operating margin 27.2 26.0 120 bps 140 bps (20) bps 120 bps 
 
 Operating revenue grew due to higher organic revenue and the favorable effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Organic revenue increased 9.8 as consumables increased 10.8 and equipment increased 6.4 primarily due to higher demand in North America. Product line simplification activities reduced organic revenue by 20 basis points. 
 North American organic revenue increased 11.2 primarily driven by growth in the consumer packaging, strength films, appliance, filter medical, and product coding and marking businesses. 
 International organic revenue increased 6.8 primarily due to growth in the appliance businesses in Europe and Asia Pacific and the ground support equipment businesses in Europe, partially offset by a decline in the consumer packaging businesses in Europe and the strength films businesses in Asia Pacific. 
 Operating margin was 27.2 . The increase of 120 basis points was primarily due to positive operating leverage of 190 basis points and benefits from the Company's enterprise initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 200 basis points, higher overhead expenses and higher freight costs. Additionally, the prior year included an unfavorable impact of a one-time customer cost-sharing settlement. 

OTHER FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 
 Interest expense was 203 million in 2022, 202 million in 2021 and 206 million in 2020. Interest expense in 2022 was 1 million higher than 2021 primarily due to higher average outstanding commercial paper and higher interest rates, partially offset by the repayment of notes due September 15, 2021 and May 20, 2022. Refer to Note 11. Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the repayment of notes. 
 Other income (expense) was income of 255 million in 2022, 51 million in 2021 and 28 million in 2020. The income in 2022 increased 204 million compared to 2021 primarily due to net pre-tax gains of 191 million related to the sale of operations in 2022. The income in 2021 increased 23 million compared to 2020 primarily due to higher investment income and higher other net periodic benefit income in 2021. 
 The Company's effective tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 21.0 , 19.0 and 22.0 , respectively. The 2022 effective tax rate benefited from discrete income tax benefits of 32 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and 51 million in the second quarter of 2022 related to a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from the resolution of a U.S. tax audit. The 2021 effective tax rate benefited from discrete income tax benefits of 21 million in the third quarter of 2021 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and 112 million in the second quarter of 2021 related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets due to the enactment of the U.K. Finance Bill 2021, which increases the U.K. income tax rate from 19 to 25 effective April 1, 2023. Additionally, the effective tax rates for 2022, 2021 and 2020 included discrete income tax benefits of 12 million, 17 million and 27 million, respectively, related to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Refer to Note 7. Income Taxes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 
 The impact of the Euro and other foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar in 2022 versus 2021 decreased operating revenue and income before taxes by approximately 628 million and 157 million, respectively. The impact of the Euro and other foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar in 2021 versus 2020 increased operating revenue and income before taxes by approximately 301 million and 77 million, respectively. 

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 Information regarding new accounting pronouncements is included in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity are free cash flow and short-term credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 708 million of cash and equivalents on hand and no outstanding borrowings under its 3.0 billion revolving 
 34 

credit facility. The Company also has maintained strong access to public debt markets. Management believes that these sources are sufficient to service debt and to finance the Company's capital allocation priorities, which include: 
 
 internal investments to support organic growth and sustain core businesses; 
 payment of an attractive dividend to shareholders; and 
 external investments in selective strategic acquisitions that support the Company's organic growth focus, such as the acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business on December 1, 2021, and an active share repurchase program. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding this acquisition. 
 
 The Company believes that, based on its operating revenue, operating margin, free cash flow, and credit ratings, it could readily obtain additional financing, if necessary. A description of the potential risks to the Company related to the COVID-19 pandemic is contained in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The Company has certain contractual obligations, primarily noncurrent income taxes payable, operating leases and long-term debt. Refer to Note 7. Income Taxes, Note 10. Leases and Note 11. Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for details related to the Company's contractual obligations. The Company did not have any significant off-balance sheet commitments as of December 31, 2022. 

Cash Flow 
 
 The Company uses free cash flow to measure cash flow generated by operations that is available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayment. The Company believes this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors in evaluating the Company's financial performance and measures the Company's ability to generate cash internally to fund Company initiatives. Free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities less additions to plant and equipment. Free cash flow is a measurement that is not the same as net cash flow from operating activities per the statement of cash flows and may not be consistent with similarly titled measures used by other companies. Summarized cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,348 2,557 2,807 Additions to plant and equipment (412) (296) (236) Free cash flow 1,936 2,261 2,571 Cash dividends paid (1,542) (1,463) (1,379) Repurchases of common stock (1,750) (1,000) (706) Acquisition of businesses (excluding cash and equivalents) 
 (2) (731) Proceeds from sale of operations and affiliates 278 1 Net proceeds from (repayments of) debt 276 (141) (4) Other 42 83 61 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents (57) (46) 39 Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents (819) (1,037) 583 
 
 Free cash flow decreased in 2022 and 2021 primarily due to higher working capital investments to support revenue growth, including increased inventory levels to help mitigate supply chain risk and sustain customer service levels. 

Stock Repurchase Programs 
 
 On August 3, 2018, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program which provided for the repurchase of up to 3.0 billion of the Company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2018 Program"). Under the 2018 Program, the Company repurchased approximately 6.7 million shares of its common stock at an average price of 158.11 per share during 2019, approximately 4.2 million shares of its common stock at an average price of 167.69 per share during 2020, approximately 4.4 million shares of its common stock at an average price of 227.29 per share during 2021 and approximately 1.2 million shares of its common stock at an average price of 216.62 per share during 2022. The 2018 Program was completed in the first quarter of 2022. 
 35 

On May 7, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program which provides for the repurchase of up to an additional 3.0 billion of the Company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2021 Program"). Under the 2021 program, the Company repurchased approximately 7.1 million shares of its common stock at an average price of 210.46 per share during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.5 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under the 2021 Program. 
 
 36 

After-tax Return on Average Invested Capital 
 
 The Company uses after-tax return on average invested capital ("After-tax ROIC") to measure the effectiveness of its operations' use of invested capital to generate profits. After-tax ROIC is not defined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). After-tax ROIC is a non-GAAP financial measure that the Company believes is a meaningful metric to investors in evaluating the Company's ability to generate returns from cash invested in its operations and may be different than the method used by other companies to calculate After-tax ROIC. The Company defines After-tax ROIC as operating income after taxes divided by average invested capital, which is annualized when presented in interim periods. Operating income after taxes is a non-GAAP measure consisting of net income before interest expense and other income (expense), on an after-tax basis, which are excluded as they do not represent returns generated by the Company's operations. For comparability, the Company also excluded the discrete tax benefits of 32 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 51 million in the second quarter of 2022 from net income and the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, for comparability, the Company excluded the discrete tax benefits of 21 million in the third quarter of 2021 and 112 million in the second quarter of 2021 from net income and the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total invested capital represents the net assets of the Company, other than cash and equivalents and outstanding debt which do not represent capital investment in the Company's operations. The most comparable GAAP measure to operating income after taxes is net income. Net income to average invested capital and After-tax ROIC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 Numerator: Net income 3,034 2,694 2,109 Discrete tax benefit related to the fourth quarter 2022 (32) Discrete tax benefit related to the second quarter 2022 (51) Discrete tax benefit related to the third quarter 2021 (21) Discrete tax benefit related to the second quarter 2021 (112) Interest expense, net of tax (1) 
 156 157 162 Other (income) expense, net of tax (1) 
 (196) (40) (22) Operating income after taxes 2,911 2,678 2,249 Denominator: Invested capital: Cash and equivalents 708 1,527 2,564 Trade receivables 3,171 2,840 2,506 Inventories 2,054 1,694 1,189 Net assets held for sale 7 Net plant and equipment 1,848 1,809 1,777 Goodwill and intangible assets 5,632 5,937 5,471 Accounts payable and accrued expenses (2,322) (2,233) (1,818) Debt (7,763) (7,687) (8,122) Other, net (246) (261) (385) Total net assets (stockholders' equity) 3,089 3,626 3,182 Cash and equivalents (708) (1,527) (2,564) Debt 7,763 7,687 8,122 Total invested capital 10,144 9,786 8,740 Average invested capital (2) 
 10,017 9,087 8,576 Net income to average invested capital 30.3 29.6 24.6 After-tax return on average invested capital 29.1 29.5 26.2 
 
 37 

(1) Effective tax rate used for interest expense and other (income) expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 23.2 , 23.0 and 22.0 , respectively. 
 
 (2) Average invested capital is calculated using the total invested capital balances at the start of the period and at the end of each quarter within each of the periods presented. 
 
 After-tax ROIC decreased 40 basis points for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year period as a result of a 10.2 increase in average invested capital versus an 8.7 increase in after-tax operating income. 
 
 After-tax ROIC increased 330 basis points for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year period as a result of a 19.1 increase in after-tax operating income versus a 5.9 increase in average invested capital. 
 
 A reconciliation of the 2022 effective tax rate excluding the fourth quarter 2022 discrete tax benefit of 32 million related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and the second quarter 2022 discrete tax benefit of 51 million related to the resolution of a U.S. tax audit is as follows: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Dollars in millions Income Taxes Tax Rate As reported 808 21.0 Discrete tax benefit related to the fourth quarter 2022 32 0.8 Discrete tax benefit related to the second quarter 2022 51 1.4 As adjusted 891 23.2 
 
 A reconciliation of the 2021 effective tax rate excluding the third quarter 2021 discrete tax benefit of 21 million related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and the second quarter 2021 discrete tax benefit of 112 million related to a change in the U.K. income tax rate is as follows: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Income Taxes Tax Rate As reported 632 19.0 Discrete tax benefit related to the third quarter 2021 21 0.6 Discrete tax benefit related to the second quarter 2021 112 3.4 As adjusted 765 23.0 
 
 Refer to Note 7. Income Taxes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the discrete tax items noted above. 
 
 38 

Working Capital 
 
 Management uses working capital as a measurement of the short-term liquidity of the Company. Net working capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is summarized as follows: 
 
 In millions 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Current Assets: Cash and equivalents 708 1,527 (819) Trade receivables 3,171 2,840 331 Inventories 2,054 1,694 360 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 329 313 16 Assets held for sale 8 8 6,270 6,374 (104) Current Liabilities: Short-term debt 1,590 778 812 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 2,322 2,233 89 Liabilities held for sale 1 1 Other 547 459 88 4,460 3,470 990 Net Working Capital 1,810 2,904 (1,094) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, a significant portion of the Company's cash and equivalents was held by international subsidiaries. Cash and equivalents held internationally may be subject to foreign withholding taxes if repatriated to the U.S. Cash and equivalents held internationally are typically used for international operating needs or reinvested to fund expansion of existing international businesses. International funds may also be used to fund international acquisitions or, if not considered permanently invested, may be repatriated to the U.S. The Company has accrued for foreign withholding taxes related to foreign held cash and equivalents that are not permanently invested. 
 
 In the U.S., the Company utilizes cash flows from operations to fund domestic cash needs and the Company's capital allocation priorities. This includes operating needs of the U.S. businesses, dividend payments, share repurchases, acquisitions, servicing of domestic debt obligations, reinvesting to fund expansion of existing U.S. businesses and general corporate needs. The Company may also use its commercial paper program, which is backed by a long-term credit facility, for short-term liquidity needs. The Company believes cash generated by operations and liquidity provided by the Company's commercial paper program will continue to be sufficient to fund cash requirements in the U.S. 

Debt 
 
 Total debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 
 In millions 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Short-term debt 1,590 778 812 Long-term debt 6,173 6,909 (736) Total debt 7,763 7,687 76 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, short-term debt included 535 million related to the 1.25 Euro notes due May 22, 2023, which were reclassified from Long-term debt to Short-term debt in the second quarter of 2022, and commercial paper of 1.1 billion. As of December 31, 2021, short-term debt included 568 million related to the 1.75 Euro notes due May 20, 2022, which were redeemed in full at face value on February 22, 2022, and commercial paper of 210 million. 
 
 The Company may issue commercial paper to fund general corporate needs, share repurchases, and small and medium-sized acquisitions. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a 3.0 billion, five-year revolving credit facility with a termination date of October 21, 2027, which is available to provide additional liquidity, including to support the potential issuances of commercial paper. This agreement replaced the existing 2.5 billion, five-year revolving credit facility 
 39 

with a termination date of September 27, 2024. No amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022. The maximum outstanding commercial paper balance during 2022 was 2.1 billion, while the average daily balance was 1.1 billion. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unused capacity of approximately 184 million under international debt facilities. In the ordinary course of business, the Company also had approximately 182 million outstanding in guarantees, letters of credit and other similar arrangements with financial institutions as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 11. Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional details regarding the Company's outstanding debt obligations. 

Total Debt to EBITDA 
 
 The Company uses the ratio of total debt to EBITDA as a measure of its ability to repay its outstanding debt obligations. EBITDA and the ratio of total debt to EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes that total debt to EBITDA is a meaningful metric to investors in evaluating the Company's long term financial liquidity and may be different than the method used by other companies to calculate total debt to EBITDA. The ratio of total debt to EBITDA represents total debt divided by net income before interest expense, other income (expense), income taxes, depreciation, and amortization and impairment of intangible assets on a trailing twelve month basis. Total debt to EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 
 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 Total debt 7,763 7,687 8,122 Net income 3,034 2,694 2,109 Add: Interest expense 203 202 206 Other (income) expense (255) (51) (28) Income taxes 808 632 595 Depreciation 276 277 273 Amortization and impairment of intangible assets 134 133 154 EBITDA 4,200 3,887 3,309 Total debt to EBITDA ratio 1.8 2.0 2.5 

Stockholders' Equity 
 
 The changes to stockholders' equity during 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 In millions 2022 2021 Beginning balance 3,626 3,182 Net income 3,034 2,694 Cash dividends declared (1,560) (1,483) Repurchases of common stock (1,750) (1,000) Other comprehensive income (loss) (339) 140 Other 78 93 Ending balance 3,089 3,626 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company has three accounting estimates that it believes are most important to the Company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require the Company to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, and in some cases on observable market information. Various assumptions are also used that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances and form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 40 

The Company's critical accounting estimates are as follows: 
 
 Income Taxes The Company provides deferred income tax assets and liabilities based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial and tax bases of assets and liabilities based on currently enacted tax laws. The Company's deferred and other tax balances are based on management's interpretation of the tax regulations and rulings in numerous taxing jurisdictions. Income tax expense, assets and liabilities recognized by the Company also reflect its best estimates and assumptions regarding, among other things, the level of future taxable income, the effect of the Company's various tax planning strategies and uncertain tax positions. Future tax authority rulings and changes in tax laws, changes in projected levels of taxable income and future tax planning strategies could affect the actual effective tax rate and tax balances recorded by the Company. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets The Company's business acquisitions typically result in recording goodwill and other intangible assets, which are a significant portion of the Company's total assets and affect the amount of amortization expense and impairment charges that the Company could incur in future periods. The Company follows the guidance prescribed in the accounting standards to test goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. On an annual basis, or more frequently if triggering events occur, the Company compares the estimated fair value of its reporting units to the carrying value of each reporting unit to determine if a potential goodwill impairment exists. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a goodwill impairment loss is recorded for the difference. In calculating the fair value of the reporting units or specific intangible assets, management relies on a number of factors, including business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable transactions and other market data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying them in the impairment tests of goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total goodwill and intangible assets of approximately 5.6 billion allocated to its reporting units. Although there can be no assurance that the Company will not incur additional impairment charges related to its goodwill and other intangible assets, the Company generally believes the risk of significant impairment charges is lessened by the number of diversified businesses and end markets represented by its reporting units that have goodwill and other intangible assets. In addition, the individual businesses in many of the reporting units have been acquired over a long period of time, and in many cases have been able to improve their performance, primarily as a result of the application of the Company's 80/20 Front-to-Back process. The amount of goodwill and other intangible assets allocated to individual reporting units ranges from approximately 212 million to 1.4 billion , with the average amount equal to 562 million . Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in the factors described above. Due to the inherent uncertainties associated with these factors and economic conditions in the Company's global end markets, impairment charges related to one or more reporting units could occur in future periods. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits The Company has various company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plans covering a number of U.S. employees and many employees outside the U.S. Pension and other postretirement benefit expense and obligations are determined based on actuarial valuations. Pension benefit obligations are generally based on each participant's years of service, future compensation, and age at retirement or termination. Important assumptions in determining pension and postretirement expense and obligations are the discount rate, the expected long-term return on plan assets, life expectancy, and health care cost trend rates. Future changes in any of these assumptions could materially affect the amounts recorded related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans. See Note 12. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional discussion of actuarial assumptions used in determining pension and postretirement health care liabilities and expenses. 
 
 The Company determines the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities as of the year-end measurement date for the U.S. primary pension plan. The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the associated liabilities could theoretically be effectively settled at the end of the year. In estimating this rate, the Company looks at rates of return on high-quality fixed income investments, with similar duration to the liabilities in the plan. A 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate would increase the present value of the U.S. primary pension plan obligation by approximately 27 million . The Company estimates the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost by applying specific spot rates along the yield curve to the projected cash flows rather than a single weighted-average rate. See Note 12. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for information on the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans and related assumptions. 
 
 The expected long-term return on plan assets is based on historical and expected long-term returns for similar investment allocations among asset classes. For the U.S. primary pension plan, a 25 basis point decrease in the expected return on plan assets would increase the annual pension expense by approximately 4 million . 
 
 41 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 MARKET RISK 
 
 The Company is exposed to certain market risks that exist as part of its ongoing business operations, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, price volatility for certain commodities and changes in interest rates. The Company does not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions and does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the fair value of the Company's fixed rate debt. Refer to Note 11. Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data for details related to the fair value of the Company's debt instruments. Additionally, rising interest rates would negatively impact the amount of interest expense related to new issuances of commercial paper. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 The Company operates in the U.S. and 50 foreign countries. The funding for the foreign manufacturing operations is provided primarily through the permanent investment of equity capital. The Company's products are typically manufactured and sold within the same country or economic union. Therefore, the Company's manufacturing operations generally do not have significant assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies. 
 
 The Company designated the 1.0 billion of Euro notes issued in May 2014, the 1.0 billion of Euro notes issued in May 2015 and the 1.6 billion of Euro notes issued in June 2019 as hedges of a portion of its net investment in Euro-denominated foreign operations to reduce foreign currency risk associated with the investment in these operations. Changes in the value of this debt resulting from fluctuations in the Euro to U.S. Dollar exchange rate have been recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). On February 22, 2022, 500 million of the Euro notes issued in May 2014 were redeemed in full. Refer to Note 11. Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data for additional information regarding the redemption of these notes. The amount of pre-tax gain (loss) related to these notes recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 205 million, 303 million and (359) million, respectively. 
 42 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (the "Company" or "ITW") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). ITW's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 ITW management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report herein. 
 
 /s/ E. Scott Santi E. Scott Santi Chairman Chief Executive Officer February 10, 2023 /s/ Michael M. Larsen Michael M. Larsen Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer February 10, 2023 
 
 43 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Illinois Tool Works Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Illinois Tool Works Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 44 

Income Taxes Refer to Note 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company's income tax expense is recognized and measured based on management's interpretation of the tax regulations and rulings in numerous taxing jurisdictions, which requires significant judgment. When calculating income tax expense management makes estimates and assumptions, including determination of the completeness of book income in each jurisdiction, calculation of taxable income through identification and classification of book to tax differences (either temporary or permanent items), consideration of applicable tax deductions or credits, and the identification of uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The evaluation of each uncertain tax position requires management to apply specialized skill and knowledge related to the identified position. Management evaluates uncertain tax positions identified and a liability is established for unrecognized tax benefits when there is a more than 50 likelihood that its tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There is additional judgment to determine the amount of the liability for the underlying tax position. The Company's income tax expense for 2022 was 808 million and the liability recorded for unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, was 314 million. 
 
 Given the number of taxing jurisdictions and the complex and subjective nature of the associated tax regulations and rulings, certain audit matters required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists. These matters included the auditing of income tax expense, identification of uncertain tax positions, measurement of unrecognized tax benefits, and certain planning transactions with income tax expense implications. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, our principal audit procedures related to income tax expense included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management's controls over income taxes, including those over income tax expense, unrecognized tax benefits, and certain planning transactions with income tax expense implications. 
 We evaluated management's significant estimates and judgments incorporated into the calculation of income tax expense by: 
 Selecting a sample of book to tax differences (temporary and permanent) and testing the accuracy, completeness, and classification of the selections, including evaluating that all impacts of significant transactions with income tax expense implications are considered. 
 Developing an expectation over the foreign income tax expense by jurisdiction and comparing it to the recorded balance. 
 Testing the accuracy of the income tax expense calculation. 
 We evaluated management's significant judgments regarding the identification of uncertain tax positions by: 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of a selection of certain planning transactions with income tax expense implications, including the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the transactions. 
 Assessing management's methods and assumptions used in identifying uncertain tax positions. 
 Comparing results of prior tax audits to ongoing and anticipated tax audits by tax authorities. 
 Evaluating external information including applicable tax law, new interpretations, and related changes to assess the completeness and reasonableness of management's considerations. 
 Determining if there was additional information not considered in management's assessment. 
 We evaluated a sample of the liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits to assess the establishment and amount of the liability for the specific underlying tax position. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 10, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002. 
 45 

Statement of Income 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31 In millions except per share amounts 2022 2021 2020 Operating Revenue Cost of revenue Selling, administrative, and research and development expenses 
 Amortization and impairment of intangible assets Operating Income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense) Income Before Taxes Income taxes Net Income Net Income Per Share: Basic Diluted 
 
 The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 
 46 

Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive Income 
 
 The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 
 47 

Statement of Financial Position 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 December 31 In millions except per share amounts 2022 2021 Assets Current Assets: Cash and equivalents Trade receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Net plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Deferred income taxes Other assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current Liabilities: Short-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Cash dividends payable Income taxes payable Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities: Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Noncurrent income taxes payable Other liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Stockholders' Equity: Common stock (par value of per share): 
 Issued- shares in 2022 and 2021 
 Outstanding- shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Common stock held in treasury ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders' equity 
 
 The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 48 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 In millions except per share amounts Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Common Stock Held in Treasury Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interest Total Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Common stock issued for stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Common stock issued for stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Common stock issued for stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 49 

Statement of Cash Flows 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 For the Years Ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Cash Provided by (Used for) Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization and impairment of intangible assets Change in deferred income taxes ) ) ) Provision for uncollectible accounts (Income) loss from investments ) ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of plant and equipment ) (Gain) loss on sale of operations and affiliates ) Stock-based compensation expense Other non-cash items, net Change in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: (Increase) decrease in Trade receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Income taxes ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Provided by (Used for) Investing Activities: Acquisition of businesses (excluding cash and equivalents) ) ) Additions to plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from investments Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment Proceeds from sale of operations and affiliates Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities: Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from (repayments of) debt with original maturities of three months or less Proceeds from debt with original maturities of more than three months Repayments of debt with original maturities of more than three months ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Equivalents ) ) Cash and Equivalents: Increase (decrease) during the year ) ) Beginning of year End of year Supplementary Cash Flow Information: Cash Paid During the Year for Interest Cash Paid During the Year for Income Taxes, Net of Refunds 
 
 The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 50 

Notes to Financial Statements 

(1) 
 
 divisions in countries. The Company's operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as the following segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. 

Total deferred revenue and customer deposits were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are short-term in nature. Refer to Note 5. Operating Revenue for additional information regarding the Company's operating revenue. 
 
 These costs were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 These costs were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 51 

Provision charged to expense Acquisitions and divestitures Write-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Transfer (to)/from assets held for sale Foreign currency translation/other ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Inventories priced at LIFO were approximately of total inventories as of December 31, 2022 and of total inventories as of December 31, 2021. If the FIFO method was used for all inventories, total inventories would have been approximately million and million higher than reported at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods LIFO reserve ) ) Total inventories 

Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Gross plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net plant and equipment 
 
 52 

years 
 Machinery and equipment years 

Depreciation was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 to years. 
 
 The Company performs an impairment assessment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives annually, or more frequently if triggering events occur, based on the estimated fair value of the related reporting unit or intangible asset. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. 
 
 When performing its annual impairment assessment, the Company evaluates the goodwill assigned to each of its reporting units for potential impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the relevant reporting unit to the carrying value. The Company uses various Level 2 and Level 3 valuation techniques to determine the fair value of its reporting units, including discounting estimated future cash flows based on a cash flow forecast prepared by the relevant reporting unit and market multiples of relevant public companies. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a goodwill impairment loss is recorded for the difference. 
 
 The Company's indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trademarks and brands. The estimated fair values of these intangible assets are determined based on a Level 3 valuation method using a relief-from-royalty income approach derived from internally forecasted revenues of the related products. If the fair value of the trademark or brand is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded for the difference. 
 
 Refer to Note 9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information regarding the Company's recorded goodwill and intangible assets. 

Charges ) ) ) Provision charged to expense Acquisitions and divestitures ) Foreign currency translation/other ) ) Ending balance 
 
 53 

(2) 

(3) 
 
 million and million, respectively, and related to the acquisition of the Test Simulation business of MTS Systems Corporation ("MTS") from Amphenol Corporation ("Amphenol"), as discussed below. This acquisition did not materially affect the Company's results of operations or financial position for any period presented. 
 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business for a purchase price of million, subject to certain closing adjustments. The MTS Test Simulation business is a leading global supplier of high-performance testing and simulation systems and is highly complementary to the Company's existing Test Measurement and Electronics segment. The operating results of the MTS Test Simulation business were reported within the Test Measurement and Electronics segment from the date of acquisition, with operating revenue of million and million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. During 2022, the Company completed the allocation of the purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date, including intangible assets and goodwill. Based on its final allocation, the Company recorded goodwill of million and intangible assets of million. The intangible assets included million related to indefinite-lived trademarks and brands and million related to amortizable intangible assets that are expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives ranging from to years, with a weighted-average life of years. None of the goodwill related to this transaction is tax deductible. The fair values of the intangible assets were estimated based on discounted cash flow and market-based valuation models using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs and assumptions. 

(4) 
 
 billion. As such, the Company may commit to a plan to exit or dispose of certain businesses and present them as held for sale in periods prior to the sale of the business. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company completed the divestitures of businesses. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company chose to defer any significant divestiture activity in 2020 and 2021. The Company reinitiated the divestiture process in 2022 for certain businesses with combined annual revenues of approximately billion, subject to approval by the Company's Board of Directors. 
 
 54 

businesses, including business in the Polymers Fluids segment and business in the Food Equipment segment. These businesses were classified as held for sale beginning in the second quarter of 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, both of these businesses were divested. On October 3, 2022, the business in the Polymers Fluids segment was sold for million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of million. On December 1, 2022, the business in the Food Equipment segment was sold for million, subject to certain closing adjustments, resulting in a pre-tax gain of million. The pre-tax gains were included in Other income (expense) in the Statement of Income. Income taxes on the gains were mostly offset by the utilization of capital loss carryforwards of million. Operating revenue related to these divested businesses that was included in the Company's results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest business in the Specialty Products segment. This business was presented as held for sale in the Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and had assets and liabilities held for sale of million and million, respectively. Operating revenue for this business was approximately million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to sell this business within . 

(5) 
 
 diversified operating divisions are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as the following segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. 
 
 Food Equipment Test Measurement and Electronics Welding Polymers Fluids Construction Products Specialty Products Intersegment revenue ) ) ) Total 
 
 The following is a description of the product offerings, end markets and typical revenue transactions for each of the Company's segments: 
 
 Automotive OEM This segment is a global, niche supplier to top tier OEMs, providing unique innovation to address pain points for sophisticated customers with complex problems. Businesses in this segment produce components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. This segment primarily serves the automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers market. Products in this segment include: 
 
 plastic and metal components, fasteners and assemblies for automobiles, light trucks and other industrial uses. 
 
 Products sold in this segment are primarily manufactured to the customer's specifications and are sold under long-term supply agreements with OEM auto manufacturers and other top tier auto parts suppliers. The Company typically recognizes revenue for products in this segment at the time of shipment. Certain products may be produced utilizing tooling that is owned by the customer that the Company developed and is reimbursed by the customer for the associated cost. In these arrangements, the Company typically retains a contractual right to use the customer-owned tooling for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under the supply agreement. The Company records reimbursements for the cost of customer-owned tooling as a cost offset rather than operating revenue as tooling is not considered a product offering central to the Company's operations. 
 
 55 

56 

(6) 
 
 Other net periodic benefit income Interest income Income (loss) from investments Equity income in Wilsonart Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions, net ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Total other income (expense) 
 
 57 

businesses divested in the fourth quarter of 2022. Refer to Note 4. Divestitures for further information regarding the Company's divestitures. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company divested a majority interest in its former Decorative Surfaces segment to certain funds managed by Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC ("CD R"). As a result of the transaction, the Company owns common units (the "Common Units") of Wilsonart International Holdings LLC ("Wilsonart") initially representing approximately (on an as-converted basis) of the total outstanding equity. CD R owns cumulative convertible participating preferred units (the "Preferred Units") of Wilsonart representing approximately (on an as-converted basis) of the total outstanding equity. The Preferred Units rank senior to the Common Units as to dividends and liquidation preference, and accrue dividends at a rate of per annum. The ownership interest in Wilsonart is reported using the equity method of accounting. The Company's proportionate share in the income (loss) of Wilsonart is reported in Other income (expense) in the Statement of Income. As the Company's investment in Wilsonart is structured as a partnership for U.S. tax purposes, U.S. taxes are recorded separately from the equity investment. In 2016, the Company received a million dividend distribution from Wilsonart which exceeded the Company's equity investment balance and resulted in a million pre-tax gain in 2016. As a result of the dividend distribution, the equity investment balance in Wilsonart was reduced to and any subsequent equity investment income will not be recognized until the gain is recaptured. 

(7) 
 
 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to a one-time repatriation tax on the deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. A portion of the resulting income taxes payable can be paid in installments over eight years. The noncurrent income taxes payable related to the one-time repatriation tax was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 Deferred ) ) ) Total U.S. federal income taxes Foreign income taxes: Current Deferred ) Total foreign income taxes State income taxes: Current Deferred ) Total state income taxes Total provision for income taxes 
 
 Foreign Total income before taxes 
 
 58 

U.S. tax effect of foreign earnings Changes in tax law ) ) State income taxes, net of U.S. federal tax benefit Differences between U.S. federal statutory and foreign tax rates Tax effect of foreign dividends Foreign derived intangible income ) ) ) Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation ) ) ) Audit resolution ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 The Company's effective tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The 2022 effective tax rate benefited from discrete income tax benefits of million in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and million in the second quarter of 2022 related to a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from the resolution of a U.S. tax audit. The 2021 effective tax rate benefited from discrete income tax benefits of million in the third quarter of 2021 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards and million in the second quarter of 2021 related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets due to the enactment of the U.K. Finance Bill 2021, which increases the U.K. income tax rate from 19 to 25 effective April 1, 2023. Additionally, the effective tax rates for 2022, 2021 and 2020 included discrete income tax benefits of million, million and million, respectively, related to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. 
 
 Upon repatriation of foreign earnings to the U.S., the Company may be subject to foreign withholding taxes. The accrual for foreign withholding taxes related to the expected repatriation of foreign held cash and equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Deferred foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on undistributed earnings considered permanently invested. As of December 31, 2022, undistributed earnings of certain international subsidiaries that are considered permanently invested were approximately billion. Determination of the related deferred tax liability is not practicable because of the complexities associated with the hypothetical calculation. 
 
 59 

) ) Inventory reserves, capitalized tax cost and LIFO inventory ) ) Investments ) ) Plant and equipment ) ) Accrued expenses and reserves Employee benefit accruals Foreign tax credit carryforwards Net operating loss carryforwards Capital loss carryforwards Allowances for uncollectible accounts Pension liabilities ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on foreign debt instruments ) ) Operating leases ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred income tax assets (liabilities) ) ) Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred income tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 
 The valuation allowances recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related primarily to certain net operating loss carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had utilized all realizable foreign tax credit carryforwards. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2048 Do not expire Total gross carryforwards related to net operating losses 
 
 60 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Included in the balance as of December 31, 2022 were approximately million of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the Company's effective tax rate. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file tax returns in the U.S. and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. These tax returns are routinely audited by the tax authorities in these jurisdictions including the Internal Revenue Service, His Majesty's Revenue and Customs, German Fiscal Authority, French Fiscal Authority, and Australian Tax Office, and a number of these audits are currently ongoing, which may increase the amount of the unrecognized tax benefits in future periods. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months the amount of the Company's unrecognized tax benefits may be decreased by approximately million related predominantly to the potential resolution of federal, state and foreign examinations. The Company has recorded its best estimate of the potential exposure for these issues. 
 
 - 
 United Kingdom - 
 Germany - 
 France - 
 Australia - 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The accrual for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

(8) 

Net income per share Basic: Weighted-average common shares Net income per share Basic Net income per share Diluted: Weighted-average common shares Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock units Weighted-average common shares assuming dilution Net income per share Diluted 
 61 

million, million and million antidilutive options outstanding for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(9) 
 
 Acquisitions / (divestitures) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Acquisitions / (divestitures) Transfers to assets held for sale ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Cumulative goodwill impairment charges, December 31, 2022 
 
 ) ) Trademarks and brands ) ) Patents and proprietary technology ) ) Other ) ) Total amortizable intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks and brands Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the MTS Test Simulation business for a purchase price of million, subject to certain closing adjustments, which was reported within the Test Measurement and Electronics segment. During 2022, the Company completed the allocation of the purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date, including intangible assets and goodwill. Based on its final allocation, the Company recorded goodwill of million and intangible assets of million. The intangible assets included million related to indefinite-lived trademarks and brands and million related to amortizable intangible assets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions for additional information regarding this acquisition. 
 
 The Company performed its annual impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in the third quarter of 2022, 2021 and 2020. There were impairment charges as a result of these assessments. 

62 

2024 2025 2026 2027 

(10) 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. Total rental expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included million, million and million, respectively, related to short-term operating leases and variable lease payments. Short-term operating leases have original terms of one year or less, or can be terminated at the Company's option with a short notice period and without significant penalty, and are not capitalized. 
 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Rental expense related to capitalized operating leases Cash paid related to maturities of operating lease liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years 
 years 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 63 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and future years Total future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Operating lease liabilities 

(11) 
 
 Long-term debt Total debt 
 
 Short-term debt 
 
 Current maturities of long-term debt Other Total short-term debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, short-term debt included million related to the Euro notes due May 22, 2023, which were reclassified from Long-term debt to Short-term debt in the second quarter of 2022, and commercial paper of billion. As of December 31, 2021, short-term debt included million related to the Euro notes due May 20, 2022, which were redeemed in full at face value on February 22, 2022, and commercial paper of million. 
 
 The Company may issue commercial paper to fund general corporate needs, share repurchases, and small and medium-sized acquisitions. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a billion, revolving credit facility with a termination date of October 21, 2027, which is available to provide additional liquidity, including to support the potential issuances of commercial paper. This agreement replaced the existing billion, revolving credit facility with a termination date of September 27, 2024. amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022. The Company was also in compliance with the financial covenants of the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022, which included a minimum interest coverage ratio. The weighted-average interest rate on commercial paper was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 64 

million under international debt facilities. In the ordinary course of business, the Company also had approximately million outstanding in guarantees, letters of credit and other similar arrangements with financial institutions as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Long-term debt 
 
 Euro notes due May 20, 2022 
 Euro notes due May 22, 2023 
 notes due March 1, 2024 
 Euro notes due December 5, 2024 
 notes due November 15, 2026 
 Euro notes due December 5, 2027 
 Euro notes due May 22, 2030 
 Euro notes due June 5, 2031 
 Euro notes due May 19, 2034 
 notes due September 15, 2041 
 notes due September 1, 2042 
 Other borrowings Total Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 The approximate fair values of the Company's long-term debt, including current maturities, were based on a valuation model using Level 2 observable inputs, which included market rates for comparable instruments for the respective periods. 
 
 In 2005, the Company issued million of notes due through December 31, 2020 at of face value, which were fully repaid by the due date. 
 
 In 2011, the Company issued million of notes due September 15, 2021 at of face value, which were redeemed in full on June 15, 2021, and million of notes due September 15, 2041 at of face value. 
 
 In 2012, the Company issued billion of notes due September 1, 2042 at of face value. 
 
 In February 2014, the Company issued million of notes due March 1, 2024 at of face value. 
 
 In May 2014, the Company issued million of Euro notes due May 20, 2022 at of face value, which were redeemed in full at face value on February 22, 2022, and million of Euro notes due May 19, 2034 at of face value. 
 
 In May 2015, the Company issued million of Euro notes due May 22, 2023 at of face value and million of Euro notes due May 22, 2030 at of face value. 
 
 In November 2016, the Company issued billion of notes due November 15, 2026 at of face value. 
 
 In June 2019, the Company issued million of Euro notes due December 5, 2024 at of face value, million of Euro notes due December 5, 2027 at of face value and million of Euro notes due June 5, 2031 at of face value. 
 
 The Company designated the billion of Euro notes issued in May 2014, the billion of Euro notes issued in May 2015 and the billion of Euro notes issued in June 2019 as hedges of a portion of its net investment in Euro-denominated 
 65 

million of the Euro notes issued in May 2014 were redeemed in full. Refer to Note 14. Stockholders' Equity for additional information regarding the net investment hedge. 
 
 All of the Company's notes listed above represent senior unsecured obligations ranking equal in right of payment. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and future years Total 

(12) 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. In addition to the U.S. plans, the Company also has defined benefit pension plans in certain other countries, mainly the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany and Switzerland. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Settlement loss Total net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) ) 
 
 The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented within Cost of revenue and Selling, administrative, and research and development expenses in the Statement of Income while the other components of net periodic benefit cost are presented within Other income (expense). 
 
 The Company used the most recently published mortality improvement scale from the Society of Actuaries, MP-2021, to measure its U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, which did not have a significant impact. 
 
 66 

Service cost Interest cost Plan participants' contributions Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Acquisitions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Medicare subsidy received Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending balance Accumulated benefit obligation as of December 31 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the actuarial (gain) loss related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit obligations was primarily related to changes in discount rates. Refer to the Assumptions section below for further details related to the discount rates used in the valuations of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. 
 
 67 

Actual return on plan assets ) ) Company contributions Plan participants' contributions Acquisitions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending balance Reconciliation of funded status: Funded status ) ) Other immaterial plans ) ) ) ) Net asset (liability) as of December 31 ) ) The amounts recognized in the Statement of Financial Position as of December 31 consist of: Other assets Accrued expenses ) ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net asset (liability) as of December 31 ) ) The pre-tax amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss consist of: Net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Prior service cost Pre-tax accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss as of December 31 ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets had projected benefit obligations of million and million, respectively, and plan assets of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets had accumulated benefit obligations of million and million, respectively, and plan assets of million and million, respectively. 
 
 68 

Rate of compensation increases Interest crediting rate - U.S. cash balance plan Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the twelve months ended December 31: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increases Interest crediting rate - U.S. cash balance plan 
 
 The expected long-term rates of return for pension and other postretirement benefit plans were developed using historical asset class returns while factoring in current market conditions such as inflation, interest rates and asset class performance. 
 
 The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the associated liabilities could theoretically be effectively settled at the end of the year. In estimating this rate, the Company looks at rates of return on high-quality fixed income investments, with similar duration to the liabilities in the plan. The Company estimates the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost by applying specific spot rates along the yield curve to the projected cash flows rather than a single weighted-average rate. 
 
 Assumed health care cost trend rates have an effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement health care benefit plans. 
 
 Ultimate trend rate Year the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 
 Plan assets The Company's overall investment strategy for the assets in the pension funds is to achieve a balance between the goals of growing plan assets and keeping risk at a reasonable level over a long-term investment horizon. In order to reduce unnecessary risk, the pension funds are diversified across several asset classes, securities and investment managers. The target allocations for plan assets are to equity investments, to fixed income investments and to in other types of investments. The Company does not use derivatives for the purpose of speculation, leverage, circumventing investment guidelines or taking risks that are inconsistent with specified guidelines. 
 
 The assets in the Company's postretirement health care plan are primarily invested in life insurance policies. The Company's overall investment strategy for the assets in the postretirement health care fund is to invest in assets that provide a reasonable tax exempt rate of return while preserving capital. 

69 

Fixed income securities: Government securities Corporate debt securities Investment contracts with insurance companies 
 Commingled funds: Mutual funds Collective trust funds Partnerships/private equity interests Other Total fair value of pension plan assets Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets: Life insurance policies Total fair value of other postretirement benefit plan assets 
 
 2021 In millions Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Pension Plan Assets: Cash and equivalents Fixed income securities: Government securities Corporate debt securities Investment contracts with insurance companies 
 Commingled funds: Mutual funds Collective trust funds Partnerships/private equity interests Other Total fair value of pension plan assets Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets: Life insurance policies Total fair value of other postretirement benefit plan assets 

Cash and equivalents include cash on hand and instruments with original maturities of three months or less and are valued at cost, which approximates fair value. Fixed income securities primarily consist of U.S. and foreign government bills, notes and bonds, corporate debt securities and investment contracts. The majority of the assets in this category are valued by evaluating bid prices provided by independent financial data services. For securities where market data is not readily available, unobservable market data is used to value the security. 
 
 Pension assets measured at net asset value include mutual funds, collective trust funds, partnerships/private equity interests and life insurance policies. Mutual funds and collective trust funds are funds that are valued based on the value of the underlying investments which can be redeemed on a daily basis. The underlying investments include both passively and actively managed U.S. and foreign large- and mid-cap equity funds and short-term investment funds. Partnerships/private equity interests are investments in partnerships where the benefit plan is a limited partner. The investments are valued by the investment managers on a periodic basis using pricing models that use market, income and cost valuation methods. Distributions are received from these funds on a periodic basis through the liquidation of the underlying assets of the fund. 
 70 

million to its pension plans and million to its other postretirement benefit plans in 2023. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028-2032 

(13) 
 
 Such accruals are based on developments to date, the Company's estimates of the outcomes of these matters and its experience in contesting, litigating and settling other similar matters. The Company believes resolution of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, liquidity or future operations. 

(14) 
 
 million shares are authorized and unissued, is issuable in series. The Board of Directors is authorized to fix by resolution the designation and characteristics of each series of preferred stock. The Company has no present commitment to issue its preferred stock. 
 
 Share repurchases On August 3, 2018, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program which provided for the repurchase of up to billion of the Company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2018 Program"). Under the 2018 Program, the Company repurchased approximately million shares of its common stock at an average price of per share during 2019, approximately million shares of its common stock at an average price of per share during 2020, approximately million shares of its common stock at an average price of per share during 2021 and approximately million shares of its common stock at an average price of per share during 2022. The 2018 Program was completed in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 On May 7, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program which provides for the repurchase of up to an additional billion of the Company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2021 Program"). Under the 2021 program, the Company repurchased approximately million shares of its common stock at an average price of per share during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately billion of authorized repurchases remaining under the 2021 Program. 
 
 Cash Dividends Cash dividends declared were per share in 2022, per share in 2021 and per share in 2020. Cash dividends paid were per share in 2022, per share in 2021 and per share in 2020. 
 71 

) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments during the period ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments reclassified to income Income taxes 
 ) ) Total foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments during the period ) Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments reclassified to income Income taxes ) ) Total pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net of tax ) Ending balance ) ) ) 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments reclassified to income primarily relate to the exit of immaterial foreign operations. Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments reclassified to income represented settlements and the amortization of actuarial gains and losses and prior service cost. Refer to Note 12. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits for the amounts included in net periodic benefit cost. 
 
 The Company designated the billion of Euro notes issued in May 2014, the billion of Euro notes issued in May 2015 and the billion of Euro notes issued in June 2019 as hedges of a portion of its net investment in Euro-denominated foreign operations to reduce foreign currency risk associated with the investment in these operations. Changes in the value of this debt resulting from fluctuations in the Euro to U.S. Dollar exchange rate have been recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). On February 22, 2022, million of the Euro notes issued in May 2014 were redeemed in full. Refer to Note 11. Debt for additional information regarding the redemption of these notes. The amount of pre-tax gain (loss) related to these notes recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and ) million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ending balance of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisted of after-tax cumulative translation adjustment losses of billion and billion, respectively, and after-tax unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefits costs of million and million, respectively. 

(15) 
 
 million shares of ITW common stock for awards granted under the plan. As of the Effective Date, no additional awards will be granted to employees under the 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "2011 Plan"). The significant terms of stock options and restricted stock units ("RSUs") were not changed under the 2015 Plan. Stock options and RSUs are issued to officers and/or other management employees under these plans. Stock options generally vest over a period and have an expiration of from the issuance date. RSUs generally "cliff" vest after a period and include units with and without performance criteria. RSUs with performance criteria provide for full "cliff" vesting after if the Compensation Committee certifies that the performance goals have been met. Upon vesting, the holder will receive share of common stock of the Company for each vested restricted stock unit. 
 
 Commencing in February 2013, the Company began issuing shares from treasury stock to cover the exercised options and vested RSUs. Prior to February 2013, the Company generally issued new shares from its authorized but unissued share pool. 
 72 

Tax benefit ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 Granted Vested ) Unvested, December 31, 2022 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Under option, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 
 The fair value of RSUs is equal to the common stock fair market value on the date of the grant. RSUs provide for dividend equivalents payable in additional RSUs for dividends that would have been paid during the vesting period. Stock option exercise prices are equal to the common stock fair market value on the date of grant. The Company estimates forfeitures based on historical rates for awards with similar characteristics. The Company uses a binomial option pricing model to estimate the fair value of the stock options granted. 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted-average volatility Dividend yield Expected years until exercise - 
 - 
 - 

Lattice-based option valuation models, such as the binomial option pricing model, incorporate ranges of assumptions for inputs. The risk-free rate of interest for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on a zero-coupon U.S. government instrument over the contractual term of the equity instrument. Expected volatility is based on implied volatility from traded options on the Company's stock and historical volatility of the Company's stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise timing and employee termination rates within the valuation model. The weighted-average dividend yield is based on historical information. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the option valuation model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The ranges presented result from separate groups of employees assumed to exhibit different exercise behavior. 
 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and per share, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised 
 73 

million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Exercise of stock options during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 resulted in cash receipts of million, million and million, respectively. The total fair value of vested stock option awards during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years. The total fair value of vested RSU awards during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

(16) 
 
 Vendor advances Income tax refunds receivable Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets: Cash surrender value of life insurance policies Prepaid pension assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Customer tooling Other Total other assets Accrued expenses: Compensation and employee benefits Deferred revenue and customer deposits Rebates Current portion of operating lease liabilities Warranties Current portion of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations Other Total accrued expenses Other liabilities: Pension benefit obligation Postretirement benefit obligation Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Other Total other liabilities 
 
 74 

(17) 
 
 segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. The following is a description of the Company's segments: 
 
 Automotive OEM This segment is a global, niche supplier to top tier OEMs, providing unique innovation to address pain points for sophisticated customers with complex problems. Businesses in this segment produce components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. 
 
 Food Equipment This segment is a highly focused and branded industry leader in commercial food equipment differentiated by innovation and integrated service offerings. 
 
 Test Measurement and Electronics This segment is a branded and innovative producer of test and measurement and electronic manufacturing and MRO solutions that improve efficiency and quality for customers in diverse end markets. Businesses in this segment produce equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials and structures, as well as equipment and consumables used in the production of electronic subassemblies and microelectronics. 
 
 Welding This segment is a branded value-added equipment and specialty consumable manufacturer with innovative and leading technology. Businesses in this segment produce arc welding equipment, consumables and accessories for a wide array of industrial and commercial applications. 
 
 Polymers Fluids This segment is a branded supplier to niche markets that require value-added, differentiated products. Businesses in this segment produce engineered adhesives, sealants, lubrication and cutting fluids, and fluids and polymers for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance. 
 
 Construction Products This segment is a branded supplier of innovative engineered fastening systems and solutions. 
 
 Specialty Products This segment is focused on diversified niche market opportunities with substantial patent protection producing beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. 
 
 Segments are allocated a fixed overhead charge based on the segment's revenue. Expenses not charged to the segments are reported separately as Unallocated. Because the Unallocated category includes a variety of items, it is subject to fluctuations on a quarterly and annual basis. 
 
 75 

Food Equipment Test Measurement and Electronics Welding Polymers Fluids Construction Products Specialty Products Intersegment revenue ) ) ) Total Operating income: Automotive OEM Food Equipment Test Measurement and Electronics Welding Polymers Fluids Construction Products Specialty Products Total segments Unallocated ) ) ) Total Depreciation and amortization and impairment of intangible assets: Automotive OEM Food Equipment Test Measurement and Electronics Welding Polymers Fluids Construction Products Specialty Products Total Plant and equipment additions: Automotive OEM Food Equipment Test Measurement and Electronics Welding Polymers Fluids Construction Products Specialty Products Total Identifiable assets: Automotive OEM Food Equipment Test Measurement and Electronics Welding Polymers Fluids Construction Products Specialty Products Total segments Corporate Total 
 
 76 

Canada/Mexico Total North America Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific South America Total operating revenue 
 
 Operating revenue by geographic region is based on the customers' locations. The Company had approximately of its total net plant and equipment in the United States as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Additionally, the Company had and of its total net plant and equipment in China as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. No other countries represented more than 10 of the Company's net plant and equipment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. No single customer accounted for more than 5 of consolidated revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company's management, with the participation of the Company's Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, the Company's Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 In connection with the evaluation by management, including the Company's Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer, no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 were identified that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 
 77 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information regarding the Directors of the Company who are standing for reelection and any persons nominated to become Directors of the Company is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Proposal 1 - Election of Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Information regarding the Audit Committee and its Financial Experts is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors and its Committees" and "Audit Committee Report" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Information regarding the Executive Officers of the Company can be found in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Information About Our Executive Officers." 
 
 Information regarding the Company's code of ethics that applies to the Company's Chairman Chief Executive Officer, Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer, and key financial and accounting personnel is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption "Corporate Governance Policies and Code of Conduct" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Director Compensation," and "Executive Compensation" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock" and "NEO Compensation - Equity Compensation Plan Information" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions as well as director independence is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Proposal 1 - Election of Directors - Board Independence," "Other Governance Matters - Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions" and "Corporate Governance Policies and Code of Conduct" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 This information is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption "Proposal 4 - Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 78 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 
 The following information is included as part of Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Statement of Income 
 Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 Statement of Financial Position 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 The following report of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: is included as part of Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 

Exhibit Number Description 2.1(a) 
 Investment Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2012, among CD R Wimbledon Holdings III, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership; Illinois Tool Works Inc.; ITW DS Investments Inc., a Delaware corporation; and Wilsonart International Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2012 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. (Certain of the schedules and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, but the Company undertakes to furnish a copy of the schedules or similar attachments to the Securities and Exchange Committee upon request.) 
 3(a)(i) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Illinois Tool Works Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2014 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3(a)(ii) 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Illinois Tool Works Inc., filed as Exhibit 3(a)(ii) to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3(b) 
 By-laws of Illinois Tool Works Inc., as amended and restated as of May 6, 2016, filed as Exhibit 3(b)(i) to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(a) 
 Indenture between Illinois Tool Works Inc. and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee, dated as of November 1, 1986, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on August 7, 2020 (Commission File No. 333-242331) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(b) 
 First Supplemental Indenture between Illinois Tool Works Inc. and Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as Trustee, dated as of May 1, 1990, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on August 7, 2020 (Commission File No. 333-242331) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(c) 
 Officers' Certificate dated August 31, 2011, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 3.375 Notes due 2021 and the 4.875 Notes due 2041, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2011 (Commission File No. 001-04797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(d) 
 Officers' Certificate dated August 28, 2012, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 3.9 Notes due 2042, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 28, 2012 (Commission File No. 001-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 79 

Exhibit Number Description 4(e) 
 Officers' Certificate dated February 25, 2014, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 0.9 Notes due 2017, the 1.95 Notes due 2019, and the 3.5 Notes due 2024, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2014 (Commission File No. 001-04797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(f) 
 Officers' Certificate dated May 20, 2014, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 1.75 Euro Notes due 2022 and the 3.0 Euro Notes due 2034, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2014 (Commission File No. 001-04797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(g) 
 Officers' Certificate dated May 19, 2015, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 1.25 Euro Notes due 2023 and the 2.125 Euro Notes due 2030, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2015 (Commission File No. 001-04797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(h) 
 Officers' Certificate dated November 7, 2016, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 2.65 Notes due 2026, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2016 (Commission File No. 001-04797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(i) 
 Officers' Certificate dated June 5, 2019, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 0.250 Notes due 2024, the 0.625 Notes due 2027 and the 1.000 Notes due 2031, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2019 (Commission File No. 001-04797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(j) 
 Description of the Company's common stock, filed as Exhibit 4(j) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(k) 
 Description of the 1.75 Euro Notes due 2022 and 3.00 Euro Notes due 2034, filed as Exhibit 4(k) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(l) 
 Description of the 1.25 Euro Notes due 2023 and 2.125 Euro Notes due 2030, filed as Exhibit 4(l) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(m) 
 Description of the 0.250 Euro Notes due 2024, 0.625 Euro Notes due 2027 and 1.00 Euro Notes due 2031, filed as Exhibit 4(m) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(a)(i) 
 Credit Agreement dated as of October 21, 2022 among Illinois Tool Works Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and a syndicate of lenders, filed as Exhibit 10(a) to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(a)(ii) 
 Suspension of Rights Agreement dated September 22, 2021 between Illinois Tool Works Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Agent, under the Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of September 27, 2019, among Illinois Tool Works Inc., as Borrower, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Agent, and the Lenders thereto (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time), filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(b) 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2010 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(c) 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective May 8, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(d) 
 Form of stock option terms filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2014 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(e) 
 Form of stock option terms filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(f) 
 Form of stock option terms filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 80 

Exhibit Number Description 10(g) 
 Form of stock option terms filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference 
 10(h) 
 Form of stock option terms filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(i) 
 Form of performance share unit terms filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(j) 
 Form of performance cash terms filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(k) 
 Form of restricted stock unit terms filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(l) 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Executive Contributory Retirement Income Plan as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2010, filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2009 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(m) 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Nonqualified Pension Plan, effective January 1, 2008, as amended and approved by the Board of Directors on December 22, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10(p) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(n) 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. 2011 Change-in-Control Severance Compensation Policy, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2010 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(o) 
 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Amended and Restated Directors' Deferred Fee Plan effective May 2, 2014, as amended on May 8, 2015 and May 4, 2018, filed herewith. 
 10(p) 
 First Amendment to the ITW Executive Contributory Retirement Income Plan dated February 15, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013 (Commission File No. 1-4797) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 21 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates of the Company. 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 
 Powers of Attorney. 
 31 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications. 
 32 
 Section 1350 Certification. 
 101.INS iXBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. The following financial information from Illinois Tool Works Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Statement of Income, (ii) Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (iv) Statement of Financial Position, (v) Statement of Cash Flows and (vi) related Notes to Financial Statements. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 81 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 10th day of February 2023. 
 
 ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. By: /s/ E. SCOTT SANTI E. Scott Santi Chairman Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 10th day of February 2023. 
 
 Signatures Title /s/ E. SCOTT SANTI Chairman Chief Executive Officer, Director E. Scott Santi (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ MICHAEL M. LARSEN Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer Michael M. Larsen (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ RANDALL J. SCHEUNEMAN Vice President Chief Accounting Officer Randall J. Scheuneman (Principal Accounting Officer) DANIEL J. BRUTTO Director SUSAN CROWN Director DARRELL L. FORD Director KELLY J. GRIER Director JAMES W. GRIFFITH Director JAY L. HENDERSON Director RICHARD H. LENNY Director DAVID B. SMITH, JR. Director PAMELA B. STROBEL Director ANR D. WILLIAMS Director By: /s/ E. SCOTT SANTI (E. Scott Santi, as Attorney-in-Fact) 

Original powers of attorney authorizing E. Scott Santi to sign the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and amendments thereto on behalf of the above-named directors of the registrant have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (Exhibit 24). 
 
 82 

<EX-10>
 2
 amendedandrestateddirector.htm
 EX-10

Document 

Exhibit 10 
 
 ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED DIRECTORS' DEFERRED FEE PLAN (Approved by the Board of Directors May 2, 2014) 
 (Amended by the Board of Directors May 8, 2015) 
 (Amended by the Board of Directors May 4, 2018) 
 
 This Amended and Restated Directors Deferred Fee Plan (the Plan is an amendment and restatement of the Illinois Tool Works Inc. Directors Deferred Fee Plan established effective May 5, 2006 and amended as of February 8, 2008 (and as subsequently amended). The Company intends for the Plan to comply with Code 409A and to operate the Plan in good faith compliance with Code 409A during the 2006 2007 transition period and any extension thereof. 
 
 Article I - DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1 Accounts mean the aggregate balance of a Director s Share Account and Cash Account. 
 Section 1.2 Beneficiary means the person or persons designated by a Director pursuant to Section 3.3. 
 Section 1.3 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Section 1.4 Cash Account means the account maintained on the Company s books to which a Director s Fee Deferrals are credited in the form of cash. 
 Section 1.5 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Section 1.6 Common Stock means the common stock, without par value, of the Company. 
 Section 1.7 Company means Illinois Tool Works Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor thereto. 
 Section 1.8 Corporate Change shall mean either a Change in Ownership, Change in Effective Control or a Change of Ownership of a Substantial Portion of Assets, as defined in Code 409A and summarized herein. A Change in Ownership occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Code 409A), acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company. A Change in Effective Control occurs on the date that either (i) any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the Company possessing 35 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or (ii) a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. A Change of Ownership of a Substantial Portion of Assets occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair 

market value equal to or more than 40 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions. 
 Section 1.9 Deferral means (i) the amounts deducted from a Director s Fees pursuant to his her Deferral Election, or (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock deducted from a Director s Stock Award granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan pursuant to his her Deferral Election. 
 Section 1.10 Deferral Election means a Director s election to defer receipt of (i) all or a certain portion of his her Fees, and or (ii) all or a certain portion of his her Stock Award granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 Section 1.11 Director means any member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company. 
 Section 1.12 Disability means that the Director's Separation from Service because he she (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under a Company-sponsored plan. 
 Section 1.13 Fair Market Value means the closing market price of Common Stock on the relevant date, as reported in the New York Stock Exchange section (or any successor thereto) of The Wall Street Journal, or, if no sales of Common Stock were reported for that date, on the most recent preceding date on which Common Stock was traded. 
 Section 1.14 Fees means the annual retainer, chair and meeting fees paid by the Company to a Director. 
 Section 1.15 Long-Term Incentive Plan means the Illinois Tool Works Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan or the Illinois Tool Works Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, or both such plans together, as the context so indicates. 
 Section 1.16 Separation from Service means a Director s resignation, retirement or cessation of services with the Company for any other reason which constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Code 409A and the regulations thereunder. 
 Section 1.17 Share Account means the account maintained on the Company s books to which a Director s non-cash Deferrals are credited in the form of Share Units. The Share Account maintained for a Director shall contain separate subaccounts for the Director s Deferrals of Fees, if any, and for the Director s Deferrals of Stock Awards, if any. 
 Section 1.18 Share Unit means a unit, the value of which is equivalent to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock. 
 Section 1.19 Stock Award means a grant of a Stock Award pursuant to the Long-Term Incentive Plan by the Company to a Director. 
 
 -2- 

Article II - DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 
 Section 2.1 Deferral Elections Generally . Each Director shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. In order to participate, a Director must submit a Deferral Election (using a form approved by the Company) to the Company s Secretary prior to the first day of the calendar year in which the Director's Fees or Stock Award would otherwise be received. The Director s Deferral Election shall be effective and irrevocable with respect to the Fees and or Stock Award specified therein that would otherwise be received by such Director for the calendar year following the calendar year in which such Deferral Election is made. The Deferral Election may also be made effective (by so specifying in the Deferral Election) with respect to subsequent calendar years provided, however, that the Deferral Election with respect to any calendar year may be changed or revoked by filing a new Deferral Election prior to the beginning of such year. With respect to the calendar year in which a Director first becomes eligible to participate, a Deferral Election may be made within 30 days after the date the Director first becomes eligible with respect to Fees payable or Stock Awards granted subsequent to the Deferral Election. 
 Section 2.2 Deferral to Cash Account or Share Account . 
 (a) Each Director shall specify in his her Deferral Election whether Fee Deferrals are to be credited to a Cash Account and or Share Account established by the Company on its books in his her name. Fee Deferrals shall be credited to the Director's Cash Account and or Share Account as of the date the deferred Fees would have otherwise been paid to the Director. 
 (b) Each Director shall also specify in his her Deferral Election whether the Director wishes to defer all or any portion of his her Stock Awards. Deferrals of Stock Awards shall be credited to the Director s Share Account as of the date that the deferred Stock Award would otherwise have been made to the Director. 
 (c) Any Deferrals that a Director elects to be credited to his her Share Account pursuant to (a) or (b) above shall be in the form of Share Units, the number of which shall be determined by dividing the dollar amount of the Fees or the value of the Stock Award subject to the election by the Fair Market Value on the date the Fees or Stock Award would have otherwise been paid or issued to the Director. 
 Section 2.3 Adjustments to Accounts . Through December 31, 2014, a Director's or Beneficiary's Cash Account shall be credited with interest quarterly at the rate equivalent to the rate on the most recently issued 90 day Treasury Bills at the beginning of each calendar quarter. Commencing January 1, 2015 through June 30, 2018, each such Account shall be credited with interest quarterly at the rate equivalent to 100 of the applicable federal long-term rate, with quarterly compounding (as prescribed under Section 1274(d) of the Code), for the first month of each calendar quarter. Commencing July 1, 2018, each such Account shall be credited with interest quarterly at the rate equivalent to 120 of the applicable federal long-term rate, with quarterly compounding (as prescribed under Section 1274(d) of the Code), for the first month of each calendar quarter. A Director's or Beneficiary's Share Account shall receive additional credits for cash dividends and shall be adjusted for stock dividends, splits, combinations or other changes in the Common Stock. Cash dividends shall be converted into additional Share Units determined by dividing (i) the cash dividend amount that the Director would have received had he she owned an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock, by (ii) the Fair Market Value on the date on which the dividend is paid to the Company s stockholders. 
 Article III - PAYMENT OF ACCOUNTS 
 Section 3.1 Payment . Upon a Director's Separation from Service for any reason other than death, payment to the Director of his her Accounts shall be made or commenced within 60 days following Separation from Service. 
 -3- 

Section 3.2 Payment Election . 
 (a) Initial Election . A Director s Cash Account shall be paid in a lump-sum within 60 days after his her Separation from Service provided that the Director may elect (using a form approved by the Company) at the time of his her initial Deferral Election to have his her Cash Account paid in monthly installments over two to 20 years. 
 (b) Change to Prior Election . A Director may elect (using a form approved by the Company) to change a form of payment previously elected with respect to his or her Cash Account (or if the Director had made no election, then to elect a form other than the lump-sum), provided (i) such new election does not take effect until at least 12 months after the date the election is made, and (ii) if commencement of payment is not related to the Director's Disability or death, the first payment with respect to which such new election is effective is deferred for a period of five years from the date such payment would otherwise have commenced. 
 (c) Payment of Share Accounts . Subject to Section 4.2, a Director s Share Account, if any, shall be paid in a single lump-sum within 60 days following the Director s Separation from Service in the form of shares of Common Stock, which shall be issued to the Director or his her Beneficiary pursuant to the Long-Term Incentive Plan. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Director or his her Beneficiary shall be equal to the number of Share Units credited to the Director s Share Account at such time, with any fractional Share Unit paid in cash based on current Fair Market Value. 
 Section 3.3 Payment to Beneficiary . If a Director dies prior to the commencement or completion of payments of his her Cash Account, then such Account shall be paid (or continue to be paid if payments had previously commenced) within 60 days of the date of death to his her Beneficiary (i) pursuant to the applicable payment election made by the Director or (ii) in a lump-sum if an effective payment election does not exist. If a Director dies prior to payment of his her Share Account, if any, then such Account shall be paid within 60 days of the date of death to his her Beneficiary pursuant to Section 3.2(c). 
 Each current or former Director who has a Cash Account or Share Account may designate (using a form approved by the Company) a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries to whom his her Accounts shall be paid in the event of death. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the Director and will be effective only when filed during his her lifetime by the Director with the Company s Secretary. If the Director shall have failed to name a Beneficiary, or if the named Beneficiary dies before receiving payment of the entire balance in such Director's Accounts, the Committee may in its discretion make payment directly to the spouse or any one or more or all of the next of kin of the Director or to the legal representative of his her estate. 
 
 Section 3.4 Small Benefits . Notwithstanding anything in this Article III to the contrary, if the aggregate value of a Director's Accounts is 10,000 or less on the Director's Separation from Service or death, such value shall be paid in a lump-sum to the Director or his her Beneficiary in full settlement of his her rights under this Plan. 
 Section 3.5 Domestic Relations Order . If a court order is issued to the Company that is intended to divide a Director's Accounts between the Director and his her spouse, such order shall be applied by the Company if it clearly specifies the manner for determining a former spouse's share of the Director's Accounts, and it does not provide for payments to the former spouse prior to the time the Director or his her Beneficiary is eligible for payments. Payments pursuant to such an order shall be made only to the extent that payment of the Director's Accounts has commenced and shall reduce the Director's Accounts. 
 -4- 

Article IV - AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 Section 4.1 Amendment and Termination . The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time. No such amendment or termination may decrease the balance of a Director's or Beneficiary's Accounts. In the event of Plan termination, each Director's or Beneficiary's Accounts shall be paid to him her as required by Article III hereof, or the Accounts may be paid in a lump-sum provided (i) the Company terminates all non-qualified deferred compensation arrangements of the same type at the same time that this Plan is terminated (ii) the Company makes no payments to Directors and Beneficiaries for 12 months but makes all payments within 24 months and (iii) the Company adopts no new non-qualified deferred compensation arrangement of the same type for five years. 
 Section 4.2 Corporate Change . Upon a Corporate Change, the Board may terminate the Plan, and in such event each current or former Director and each Beneficiary shall immediately receive a lump-sum payment of his her Accounts. The Share Units in a Director s Share Account shall be paid in cash, the amount to be determined by multiplying the number of Share Units credited to his her Share Account on the date of the Corporate Change by the Fair Market Value on such date. 
 Article V - MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 5.1 Administration . The Company, which shall administer the Plan, shall have the power and duty to maintain records concerning the Plan to construe and interpret the Plan and to authorize and direct all Plan payments. Any payment made in accordance with Plan provisions shall be in complete discharge of the Company's obligation to make such payment. 
 Section 5.2 Service on the Board . Nothing in the Plan shall be construed as conferring a right on any person to be nominated for reelection to the Board or to be reelected to the Board. 
 Section 5.3 No Right to Company Assets . Neither the Director nor any other person shall acquire by reason of the Plan any right in or title to any assets, funds or property of the Company. Any payments hereunder shall be paid from the general assets of the Company. The Director shall have only a contractual right to the amounts, if any, payable hereunder unsecured by any asset of the Company. 
 Section 5.4 Non-Assignability . Except as provided in Section 3.5, neither the Director nor any other person shall have any voluntary or involuntary right to commute, sell, assign, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in advance of actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are expressly declared to be unassignable and non-transferable. No part of the amounts payable shall be, prior to actual payment, subject to the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by the Director or any other person, or be transferable by operation of law in the event of the Director's or any other person's bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 Section 5.5 Incapacity of Recipient . If a current or former Director or a Beneficiary is deemed by the Company to be incapable of personally receiving any payments under the Plan, then, unless and until claim therefor shall have been made by a duly appointed guardian or other legal representative of such person, the Company may provide for such payment or any part thereof to be made to any other person or institution providing for the care and maintenance of such person. Any such payment shall be for the account of such Director or Beneficiary and shall be a complete discharge of any liability of the Company and the Plan therefor. 
 Section 5.6 Governing Laws . The Plan shall be construed and administered according to the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 -5- 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 a20221231-ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 A V Co 1 Limited United Kingdom Delaware A V Co 2 Limited United Kingdom Nevada A V Co 3 Limited United Kingdom Nevada Accessories Marketing Holding Corp. Delaware ACCU-LUBE Manufacturing GmbH - Schmiermittel und -ger te - Germany Advanced Molding Company, Inc. Philippines AIP BI Holdings, Inc. Delaware Allen France SAS France Alpine Systems Corporation Canada Anaerobicos S.r.l. Argentina AppliChem GmbH Germany Avery Berkel France France Avery India Limited India Avery Malaysia Sdn Bhd Malaysia Avery Weigh-Tronix (Suzhou) Weighing Technology Co. Ltd. China Avery Weigh-Tronix Finance Limited United Kingdom Avery Weigh-Tronix International Limited United Kingdom Avery Weigh-Tronix, LLC Delaware B.C. Immo France Beijing Miller Electric Manufacturing Co. Ltd. China Berkel (Ireland) Limited Ireland Berrington UK United Kingdom Brapenta Eletronica Ltda. Brazil Brooks Instrument (Shanghai) Co. Ltd China Brooks Instrument B.V. Netherlands Brooks Instrument GmbH Germany Brooks Instrument KFT Hungary Brooks Instrument Korea, Ltd. South Korea Brooks Instrument LLC Delaware Brooks Instrument Malaysia SDN. BHD. Malaysia Buell Industries, Inc. Delaware Calvia Spolka z Ograniczona Odpowiedzialnosci Poland Capital Ventures (Australasia) S. r.l Luxembourg Capmax Logistica, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Delaware CCI Realty Company Delaware Celeste Industries Corporation Connecticut CFC Europe GmbH Germany Coeur (Shanghai) Medical Appliance Trading Co., Ltd China Coeur Asia Limited Hong Kong Coeur Holding Company Delaware Coeur, Inc. Indiana Compagnie de Materiel et d&apos Equipements Techniques-Comet France 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 Compagnie Hobart France Constructions Isothermiques Bontami C.I.B. France CS (Australia) Pty Limited Australia CS Mexico Holding Company S DE RL DE CV Mexico Denison Mayes Group Limited United Kingdom Diagraph Corporation Sdn. Bhd Malaysia Diagraph ITW Mexico, S. de R.L. De C.V. Mexico Diagraph M xico, S.A. DE C.V. Mexico Dongguan Ark-Les Electric Components Co., Ltd. China Dongguan CK Branding Co., Ltd. China Duo-Fast Korea Co. Ltd. South Korea Duo-Fast LLC Illinois E.C.S. d.o.o. Croatia E2M Production B.V. Netherlands E2M Technologies B.V. Netherlands ECS Cable Protection Sp. Zoo Poland ELRO (Holding) AG Switzerland ELRO Grosskuchen GmbH Austria Germany ELRO-WERKE AG Switzerland Eltex-Elektrostatik-Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung Germany Envases Multipac, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Eurotec Srl Italy FEG Investments L.L.C. Delaware Filtertek De Mexico Holding Inc. Delaware Filtertek De Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Filtertek SAS France Gamko B.V. Netherlands GC Financement SA France Gun Hwa Platech (Taicang) Co. Ltd. China Hobart (Japan) K.K. Japan Hobart Andina S.A.S. Colombia Hobart Belgium B.V. Belgium Hobart Brothers International Chile Limitada Chile Hobart Brothers LLC Ohio Hobart Dayton Mexicana, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Hobart Food Equipment Co., Ltd. China HOBART Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung Germany Hobart International (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Hobart Korea LLC South Korea Hobart LLC Delaware Hobart Nederland B.V. Netherlands Hobart Sales & Service, Inc. Ohio 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 Hobart Scandinavia ApS Denmark Hobart Techniek B.V. Netherlands Horis France ILC Investments Holdings Inc. Delaware Illinois Tool Works (Chile) Limitada Chile Illinois Tool Works (ITW) Nederland B.V. Netherlands Impar Comercio E Representacoes Ltda. Brazil Industrie Plastic Els sser GmbH Germany Inmobiliaria Cit., S.A. de C.F. Mexico Innova Temperlite Servicios, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Innovaci n y Transformaci n Automotriz, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Instron (Shanghai) Ltd. China Instron (Thailand) Limited Thailand Instron Brasil Equipamentos Cientificos Ltda. Brazil Instron Foreign Sales Corp. Limited Jamaica Instron France S.A.S. France Instron GmbH Germany Instron Japan Company, Ltd. Massachusetts Instron Korea LLC South Korea International Leasing Company LLC Delaware Isolenge - ITW Sistemas de Isolamento Termico Ltda. Brazil ITW (China) Investment Company Limited China ITW (Deutschland) GmbH Germany ITW (EU) Holdings Ltd. Luxembourg ITW (European) Finance Co. Ltd. Malta ITW (European) Finance II Co. Ltd. Malta ITW (European) Finance III Co. Ltd. Malta ITW (Ningbo) Components & Fastenings Systems Co., Ltd. China ITW AEP LLC Delaware ITW Aircraft Investments Inc. Delaware ITW Ampang Industries Philippines, Inc. Philippines ITW AOC, LLC South Korea ITW Appliance Components d.o.o. Slovenia ITW Appliance Components EOOD Bulgaria ITW Appliance Components S.r.l.a Italy ITW Appliance Components, S.A. de C.V. Mexico ITW Australia Holdings Pty Ltd Australia ITW Australia Property Holdings Pty Ltd. Australia ITW Australia Pty Ltd Australia ITW Automotive Components (Chongqing) Co. Ltd. China ITW Automotive Components (Langfang) Co., Ltd. China ITW Automotive Japan K.K. Japan 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 ITW Automotive Korea, LLC South Korea ITW Automotive Parts (Shanghai) Co. Ltd China ITW Automotive Products GmbH Germany ITW Automotive Products M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico ITW Bailly Comte France ITW Befestigungssysteme GmbH Germany ITW Belgium B.V. Belgium ITW Brazilian Nominee L.L.C. Delaware ITW Building Components Group Inc. Delaware ITW Canada Inc. Canada ITW Celeste Inc. Delaware ITW CER France ITW Chemical Products Ltda Brazil ITW Chemical Products Scandinavia ApS Denmark ITW Colombia S.A.S. Colombia ITW Construction Products (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China ITW Construction Products (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore ITW Construction Products AB Sweden ITW Construction Products ApS Denmark ITW Construction Products AS Norway ITW Construction Products CZ s.r.o. Czech Republic ITW Construction Products Italy Srl Italy ITW Construction Products OU Estonia ITW Construction Products OY Finland ITW Construction Services Manila, Inc. Philippines ITW Contamination Control (Wujiang) Co., Ltd. China ITW Contamination Control B.V. Netherlands ITW Covid Security Group Inc. Delaware ITW CP Distribution Center Holland BV Netherlands ITW CS (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom ITW de France France ITW DelFast do Brasil Ltda. Brazil ITW Denmark ApS Denmark ITW Diagraph GmbH Germany ITW do Brasil Industrial e Comercial Ltda. Brazil ITW DS Investments Inc. Delaware ITW Dynatec France ITW Dynatec Adhesive Equipment (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. China ITW Dynatec GmbH Germany ITW Dynatec Kabushiki Kaisha Japan ITW EAE B.V. Netherlands ITW EAE Mexico, S de RL de CV Mexico 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 ITW EF&C France SAS France ITW EF&C Selb GmbH Germany ITW Electronic Business Asia Co., Limited Taiwan ITW Electronic Components Products (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China ITW Electronics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China ITW Espana S.L. Spain ITW Fastener Products GmbH Germany ITW FEG do Brasil Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil ITW FEG Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong ITW Fluids and Hygiene Solutions Ltda. Brazil ITW Food Equipment Group LLC Delaware ITW Gamma S rl Luxembourg ITW German Management LLC Delaware ITW GH LLC South Korea ITW Global Investments Holdings LLC Delaware ITW Global Investments Holdings Y Compa ia, Sociedad en Comandita por Acciones Guatemala ITW Global Investments Inc. Delaware ITW Global Tire Repair Europe GmbH Germany ITW Global Tire Repair Inc. California ITW Global Tire Repair Japan K.K. Japan ITW Graphics (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand ITW Graphics Asia Limited Hong Kong ITW Great Britain Investment & Licensing Holding Company Delaware ITW Group France (Luxembourg) S. r.l. Luxembourg ITW GSE ApS Denmark ITW GSE Inc. Delaware ITW HLP Thailand Co. Ltd. Thailand ITW Holding Quimica B.C., S.L., Sole Shareholder Company Spain ITW Holdings Australia L.P. Australia ITW Holdings I Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings II Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings III Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings Inc. Delaware ITW Holdings IV Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings V Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings VI Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings VII Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings VIII Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings X Limited United Kingdom ITW Holdings XI Limited United Kingdom ITW ILC Holdings I Inc. Delaware ITW Imaden Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil ITW India Private Limited India ITW International Holdings LLC Delaware 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 ITW Invest Holding GmbH Germany ITW IPG Investments LLC Delaware ITW Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company Ireland ITW Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland ITW Italy Holding Srl Italy ITW Japan Ltd. Japan ITW Korea LLC South Korea ITW Limited United Kingdom ITW LLC & Co. KG Germany ITW Lys Fusion S.r.l. Italy ITW Materials Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China ITW Meritex Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia ITW Mexico Holding Company S. De R.L. de C.V. Mexico ITW Mexico Holdings LLC Delaware ITW Morlock GmbH Germany ITW Mortgage Investments II, Inc. Delaware ITW Mortgage Investments III, Inc. Delaware ITW Mortgage Investments IV, Inc. Delaware ITW Netherlands Administration BV Netherlands ITW Netherlands Finance Alpha BV Netherlands ITW New Universal LLC Delaware ITW New Zealand New Zealand ITW Novadan Sp. Z.o.o. Poland ITW Packaging Technology (China) Co. Ltd. China ITW Participations S. r.l. Luxembourg ITW Pension Funds Trustee Company United Kingdom ITW Performance Polymers & Fluids Japan Co. Ltd. Japan ITW Performance Polymers & Fluids Korea Limited South Korea ITW Performance Polymers & Fluids OOO Russia ITW Performance Polymers (Wujiang) Co., Ltd. China ITW Performance Polymers and Fluids Group FZE United Arab Emirates ITW Performance Polymers ApS Denmark ITW Performance Polymers Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited China ITW Peru S.A.C. Peru ITW Poly Mex, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico ITW PPF Brasil Adesivos Ltda. Brazil ITW Pronovia s.r.o. Czech Republic ITW Properties LLC Delaware ITW Pte. Ltd. Singapore ITW Qufu Automotive Cooling Systems Co. Ltd. China ITW Reagents S.R.L. Italy ITW Real Estate Germany GmbH Germany ITW Residuals III L.L.C. Delaware ITW Residuals IV L.L.C. Delaware 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 ITW Rivex France ITW Simco-Ion (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. China ITW Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia ITW SMPI France ITW Specialty Films France France ITW Specialty Films Italy S.r.l. Italy ITW Specialty Materials (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China ITW SPG M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico ITW Spraytec France ITW Sverige AB Sweden ITW Sweden Holding AB Sweden ITW Test & Measurement (Shanghai) Co., Ltd China ITW Test & Measurement GmbH Germany ITW Test and Measurement Italia Srl Italy ITW UK United Kingdom ITW UK Finance Beta Limited United Kingdom ITW UK Finance Delta Limited United Kingdom ITW UK Finance Gamma Limited United Kingdom ITW UK Finance Limited United Kingdom ITW UK Finance Zeta Ltd. United Kingdom ITW UK II Limited United Kingdom ITW Universal II LLC Delaware ITW Welding France ITW Welding AB Sweden ITW Welding GmbH Germany ITW Welding Products B.V. Netherlands ITW Welding Products Group FZE United Arab Emirates ITW Welding Products Group, S. DE R.L. De C.V. Mexico ITW Welding Products Italy Srl Italy ITW Welding Products Limited Liability Company Russia ITW Welding Produtos Para Solgdagem Ltda. Brazil ITW Welding Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore KCPL Mauritius Holdings Mauritius Krafft, S.L. Spain Loma Systems France Loma Systems (Canada) Inc. Canada Loma Systems BV Netherlands Loma Systems sro Czech Republic Lombard Pressings Limited United Kingdom Lumex, Inc. Illinois Lys Fusion Poland Sp. z.o.o. Poland M&C Specialties Co. Pennsylvania MAGNAFLUX GmbH Germany 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 Manufacturing Avancee S.A. Morocco MEHB Holdings Limited United Kingdom Meritex Technology (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. China Meurer Verpackungssysteme GmbH Germany MGHG Property LLC Delaware Miller Electric Mfg. LLC Wisconsin Miller Insurance Ltd. Vermont MTS 2, LLC Minnesota MTS China Holdings LLC Minnesota MTS Europe Holdings LLC Delaware MTS Holdings France S.a.r.l. France MTS Japan Ltd. Japan MTS Korea, Inc. Korea MTS Systems France MTS Systems (China) Co., Ltd. China MTS Systems (Germany) GmbH Germany MTS Systems (Hong Kong) Incorporated Hong Kong MTS Systems Corporation Minnesota MTS Systems Danmark ApS Denmark MTS Systems Europe B.V. Netherlands MTS Systems Finance C.V. Netherlands MTS Systems Holding B.V. Netherlands MTS Systems Limited United Kingdom MTS Systems Norden Aktiebolag Sweden MTS Systems S.r.l Italy MTS Sytems Do Brazil Brazil MTS Testing Solutions India Private Limited India MTS Testing Systems (Canada) Ltd. Canada NDT Holding LLC Delaware North Star Imaging, Inc. Minnesota Novadan ApS Denmark Orbitalum Tools GmbH Germany Panreac Quimica, S.L. Spain Paslode Fasteners (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China PENTA-91 OOO Russia Premark FEG L.L.C. Delaware Premark HII Holdings LLC Ohio Premark International, LLC Delaware Prolex, Sociedad An nima Costa Rica PT ITW Construction Products Indonesia Indonesia QSA Global, Inc. Delaware Quimica Industrial Mediterranea, S.L. Spain R&D Engineering A S Denmark R&D Prague s.r.o. Czech Republic 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 R&D Steel ApS Denmark R&D Test Systems A S Denmark R&D Tools and Structures A S Denmark Ramset Fasteners (Hong Kong) Ltd. Hong Kong Rapid Cook LLC Delaware RDGDK Engineering Private Limited India Refrigeration France France S.E.E. Sistemas Industria E Comercio Ltda. Brazil Sealant Systems International, Inc. California Sentinel Asia Yuhan Hoesa South Korea Shanghai ITW Plastic & Metal Co. Ltd China Shinemark Specialtiy Films (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Shinemark Specialty Films LLC South Korea Shinemark UK Limited United Kingdom Simco (Nederland) B.V. Netherlands Simco Japan, Inc. Japan Soci t de Prospection et d Inventions Techniques SPIT France Speedline Holdings I, Inc. Delaware Speedline Holdings I, LLC Delaware Speedline Technologies GmbH Germany Speedline Technologies Mexico Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Speedline Technologies Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico ST Mexico Holdings LLC Delaware Stokvis Celix Portugal Unipessoal LDA Portugal Stokvis Danmark ApS Denmark Stokvis Holdings S.A.R.L. Luxembourg Stokvis Promi s.r.o Czech Republic Stokvis Prostick Tapes Private Limited India Stokvis Tapes (Hong Kong) Co. Limited Hong Kong Stokvis Tapes (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Stokvis Tapes (Taiwan) Co. Ltd. Taiwan Stokvis Tapes (Tianjin) Co. Ltd. China Stokvis Tapes B.V. Belgium Stokvis Tapes Benelux B.V. Netherlands Stokvis Tapes Deutschland GmbH Germany Stokvis Tapes France France Stokvis Tapes Italia s.r.l. Italy Stokvis Tapes Limited United Kingdom Stokvis Tapes Limited Liability Company Russia Stokvis Tapes Norge AS Norway Stokvis Tapes Oy Finland Stokvis Tapes Polska Sp Z.O.O. Poland Stokvis Tapes Sverige AB Sweden Stolvis Holdings II S.A.R.L. Luxembourg 

Exhibit 21 Illinois Tool Works Inc. Subsidiaries Subsidiary Name Primary Jurisdiction 

 Technopack Industria, Comercio, Consultoria e Representacoes Ltda. Brazil Teknek (China) Limited Scotland Teknek (Japan) Limited Scotland Teksaleco Ltd. Scotland Thirode Grandes Cuisines Poligny France Tien Tai Electrode (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. China Tien Tai Electrode Co., Ltd. Taiwan Unichemicals Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil Valeron Strength Films B.V. Belgium Veneta Decalcogomme S.r.l. Italy Versachem Chile S.A. Chile Vesta (Guangzhou) Catering Equipment Co. Ltd China Vesta Global Limited Hong Kong VR-Leasing Sarita GmbH & Co. Immobilien KG Germany VS European Holdco BV Netherlands Wachs Canada Ltd. Canada Wachs Subsea LLC Illinois Weigh-Tronix Canada, ULC Canada Wilsonart International Holdings LLC Delaware Wynn Oil (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. South Africa Wynn's Automotive France France Wynn's Belgium BVBA Belgium Wynn's Mekuba India Pvt Ltd India Zip-Pak International B.V. Netherlands 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 a20221231-ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-242331 on Form S-3 Registration Statement Nos. 333-105731, 333-69542, 333-145392, and 333-206206 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-163547 on Form S-4 of our report dated February 10, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Illinois Tool Works Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 5
 a20221231-ex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 
 
 Exhibit 24 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney this 10th day of February, 2023. 
 s Daniel J. Brutto 
 Daniel J. Brutto 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney t his 10th day of February, 2023. 
 s Susan Crown 
 Susan Crown 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney th is 10th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Darrell L. Ford Darrell L. Ford 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney th is 10th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Kelly J. Grier 
 Kelly J. Grier 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney th is 10th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s James W. Griffith 
 James W. Griffith 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney th is 10th day of February, 2023 . 
 
 s Jay L. Henderson 
 Jay L. Henderson 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney th is 10th day of February, 2023 . 
 
 s Richard H. Lenny Richard H. Lenny 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney th is 10th day of February, 2023 . 
 
 s David B. Smith, Jr. David B. Smith, Jr. 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney t his 10th day of February, 2023 . 
 
 s Pamela B. Strobel Pamela B. Strobel 

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 
 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints E. Scott Santi and Michael M. Larsen, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for her or him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attor ney this 10th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Anr D. Williams Anr D. Williams 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 6
 a20221231-ex31.htm
 EX-31

Document 

Exhibit 31 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification 
 
 I, E. Scott Santi, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Illinois Tool Works Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated February 10, 2023 s E. Scott Santi E. Scott Santi Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 31 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification 
 
 I, Michael M. Larsen, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Illinois Tool Works Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated February 10, 2023 s Michael M. Larsen Michael M. Larsen Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 a20221231-ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

Section 1350 Certification 

The following statement is being made to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for purposes of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), which carries with it certain criminal penalties in the event of a knowing or willful misrepresentation. 
 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. 

Dated February 10, 2023 s E. Scott Santi E. Scott Santi Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 

Dated February 10, 2023 s Michael M. Larsen Michael M. Larsen Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 itw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 itw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 itw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 itw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 itw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

