<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_315858_0000315858-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29168110</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1099451</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2661850</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15696568</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3094926</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6009908</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000315858-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313104020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000315858-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				592022148
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09071
		FILM NUMBER:		23726221

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EAST LAS OLAS BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-940-4900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 39000
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BBX Capital Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BFC FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BANKATLANTIC FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920316

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000315858-23-000011.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 bvh-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

bvh-20221231x10k 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to _________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million (based on the closing sale price of the registrant s Class A common stock on that date on the New York Stock Exchange). The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of March 9, 2023 is as follows: Class A Common Stock of .01 par value, shares outstanding. Class B Common Stock of .01 par value, shares outstanding. 

2 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 Page PART I Item 1. Business 8 Item 1A. Risk Factors 2 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 4 3 Item 2. Properties 4 3 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 4 3 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 4 3 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 4 4 Item 6. [Reserved] 4 5 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 4 6 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 6 5 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 6 7 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 1 12 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 1 14 Item 9B. Other Information 11 4 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 114 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 11 5 Item 11. Executive Compensation 1 15 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 1 15 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 1 15 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 1 15 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 1 16 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 1 27 SIGNATURES 1 28 

3 

PART I Except as otherwise noted or where the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to, the Company, we, us and our refer to Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Bluegreen Vacations Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries Bluegreen ). References to BVH or the Parent company refer to Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation at its parent company only level. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and can be identified by the use of words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, intends, plans, believes, projects, predicts, seeks, will, should, would, may, could, outlook, potential, and similar expressions or words and phrases of similar import. Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to the Company s future financial performance, business prospects and strategy, anticipated financial position, liquidity and capital needs, including conditions surrounding, and the impact of, interest rate increases and the Coronavirus Disease of 2019 COVID-19 pandemic, and other similar matters. These statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions about future events, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, among others, the following: BVH has limited sources of cash and is dependent upon distributions from Bluegreen to fund its costs of operations; risks associated with the Company s indebtedness, including that the Company will be required to utilize cash flow to service its indebtedness, that indebtedness may make the Company more vulnerable to economic downturns, and that indebtedness may subject the Company to covenants and restrictions on its operations and activities as well as the payment of dividends; risks associated with the adverse impact of economic conditions, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain constraints, labor shortages, rising interest rates and inflationary trends on the Company s operations and results, including its sales of vacation packages, the price and liquidity of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, the performance of the Company s vacation ownership interest VOI notes receivable, and the Company s ability to obtain additional capital, including the risk that if the Company needs or otherwise believes it is advisable to issue debt or equity securities or to incur indebtedness in order to fund the Company s operations or investments, it may not be able to issue any such securities or obtain such indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, and any issuance could result in the dilution of the interests of the Company s current shareholders; risks relating to the availability of financing, the Company s ability to sell, securitize or borrow against its VOI notes receivable on acceptable terms, and the Company s ability to successfully increase its credit facility capacity or enter into capital market transactions or other alternatives to provide for sufficient available cash for a sustained period of time; risks associated with adverse conditions in the stock market, the public debt market, and other capital markets and the impact of such conditions on the Company, as well as risks associated with any failure by the Company to maintain compliance with the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), which include, among other things, a minimum average closing price, share volume, and market capitalization; risks related to potential business expansion or pursuing other strategic opportunities, such as potential resort, land and development activity acquisitions, including that they may involve significant costs and the incurrence of significant indebtedness and may not be successful and that the Company s efforts and expenses, including those aimed at enhancing the experience of Bluegreen Vacation Club Members, may be greater than anticipated and may not result in the benefits anticipated; 

 4 

risks relating to public health issues, including that Bluegreen s business was adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and any resurgence or future pandemic may have similar or worse effects, and the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have adverse effects, including due to changes in consumer behavior and preferences, and result in potential future increases in default and delinquency rates; adverse changes to, expirations or terminations of, or interruptions in, and other risks relating to the Company s business and strategic relationships, management contracts, exchange networks or other strategic marketing alliances, including the expiration of the Company s business relationship with Bass Pro at the end of 2024 or that the relationships with Bass Pro and Choice Hotels may not be as profitable as anticipated, or at all, or otherwise not result in the anticipated benefits; the risks of the real estate market and the risks associated with real estate development, including a decline in real estate values and a deterioration of other conditions relating to the real estate market and real estate development and the risks associated with the Company s ability to maintain sufficient or desired amounts of VOI inventory for sale; risks associated with the Company s ability to comply with applicable regulations, and the costs of compliance efforts or a failure to comply, including risks associated with the Company s ability to maintain the integrity of internal or customer data, the failure of which could result in damage to its reputation and/or subject the Company to costs, fines or lawsuits; risks associated with adverse trends or disruptions in economic conditions generally or in the vacation ownership, vacation rental and travel industries, the Company s ability to compete effectively in the highly competitive vacation ownership industry and against hotel and other hospitality and lodging alternatives and decreased demand from prospective purchasers of VOIs; risks associated with the Company s customers compliance with their payment obligations under financing provided by the Company , including due to rising interest rates, inflationary trends and the increased presence and efforts of timeshare-exit firms; the risk that actions which the Company has taken or may take in response to the efforts of timeshare-exit firms may not be successful; and the impact of defaults on the Company s operating results and liquidity position; risks associated with the ratings of third-party rating agencies, including the impact of any downgrade on the Company s ability to obtain, renew or extend credit facilities, or otherwise raise funds; changes in the Company s business model and marketing efforts, plans or strategies, which may cause marketing expenses to increase or adversely impact its operating results and financial condition, and such expenses as well as the Company s investments, including investments in new and expanded sales offices, and other sales and marketing initiatives, including screening methods, data driven analysis, and the restructuring of certain marketing operations during 2022, which include a transition to virtual, unmanned kiosks at certain locations, may not achieve the desired results; risks associated with technology and factors which may impact the Company s telemarketing efforts, including cell phone technologies that identify or block marketing vendor calls and regulatory changes; risks associated with the Company s relationships with third-party developers, including that third-party developers who provide VOIs to be sold by the Company pursuant to fee-based or just-in-time arrangements may not provide VOIs when planned and that may not fulfill their obligations to the Company or to the homeowners associations that maintain the resorts they developed; risks associated with legal proceedings and regulatory proceedings, examinations or audits of the Company s operations, including claims of noncompliance with applicable regulations or for development related defects, and the impact they may have on the Company s financial condition and operating results; risks associated with audits of the Company or its subsidiaries tax returns, including that they may result in the imposition of additional taxes; environmental liabilities, including claims with respect to mold or hazardous or toxic substances, and their impact on the Company s financial condition and operating results; risks that natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and windstorms, and other acts of God and conditions beyond the control of the Company may adversely impact the Company s financial condition and operating results, including due to any damage to physical assets or interruption of access to physical assets or operations resulting therefrom, and the frequency or severity of natural disasters may increase due to climate change or other factors; risks of cybersecurity threats, including the potential misappropriation of assets or confidential information, corruption of data or operational disruptions; 

 5 

the updating of, and developments with respect to information technology and computer systems, including the cost of updating technology and the impact that any failure to keep pace with developments in technology could have on the Company s operations or competitive position, and the Company s information technology expenditures may not result in the expected benefits; the Company may not pay dividends in the future when or in the amount expected, or at all; and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions, and any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions used could have a material adverse impact on the financial condition and operating results of the Company. Reference is also made to the other risks and uncertainties discussed in the Risk Factors section of, and elsewhere in, this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those inherent to the Company s business and the vacation ownership industry and risks related to ownership of the Company s stock. These and other risks and uncertainties disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements. In addition, past performance may not be indicative of future results, and comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, and all such information should only be viewed as historical data. Given these uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that actual future results, levels of activity, performance, trends, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what the Company expects. The Company qualifies all forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Market and Industry Data Market and industry data used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been obtained from the Company s internal surveys, industry publications, unpublished industry data and estimates, discussions with industry sources and other currently available information. The sources for this data include, without limitation, the American Resort Development Association. Industry publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. The Company has not independently verified such data. Similarly, t he Company s internal surveys, while believed by the Company to be reliable, have not been verified by any independent sources. Accordingly, such data may not prove to be accurate. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and uncertainties as the other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as described above. Trademarks, Service Marks and Trade Names The Company owns or has rights to use a number of registered and common law trademarks, trade names and service marks in connection with its business, including, but not limited to, Bluegreen, Bluegreen Resorts, Bluegreen Vacations, Bluegreen Traveler Plus, Bluegreen Vacation Club, Bluegreen Wilderness Club at Big Cedar and the Bluegreen Logo. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also refers to trademarks, trade names and service marks of other organizations. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, World Golf Village is registered by World Golf Foundation, Inc.; Big Cedar, Cabela s and Bass Pro Shops are registered by Bass Pro Trademarks, LP; RCI is registered by RCI, LLC; Ascend, Ascend Hotel Collection, Ascend Resort Collection, Choice Privileges, Comfort Inn, Comfort Suites, Quality Inn, Sleep Inn, Clarion, Clarion Pointe, Cambria hotels, MainStay Suites, Woodspring Suites, Econo Lodge and Rodeway Inn are registered by Choice Hotels International, Inc.; and Suburban Extended Stay Hotel is registered by Suburban Franchise Systems, Inc. All trademarks, service marks or trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K appear without the and 

 6 

symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate in any way that the owner will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, all rights to such trademarks, trade names and service marks. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the material risks described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While the Company believes that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are those that are material to investors, other factors not presently known to the Company or that it currently believes are immaterial may also adversely affect the Company, perhaps materially. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing the Company, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The items discussed below and in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve or contain forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements described above. Risks Related to BVH at its Holding Company Level and to Ownership of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock BVH is a holding company which primarily relies on dividends from Bluegreen to service its debt, including its outstanding 50.0 million note to BBX Capital, and to fund its other cash requirements. The relative fixed voting percentages of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock and the control position of Alan B. Levan, John E. Abdo, Jarett S. Levan and Seth M. Wise may have an adverse impact on the market price of such securities. Provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may make it difficult for a third party to acquire us and could impact the price of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Acquisitions may reduce earnings, require additional financing and expose the Company to additional risks. Substantial sales of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (or the perception of future sales) could adversely affect the market price of such securities. The Company may not pay dividends in the future when or in the amount expected, or at all. Risks Related to Bluegreen and its Business Bluegreen is subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the vacation ownership and hospitality industries, including travel, public health and discretionary spending. Bluegreen s business and operations, including its ability to market VOIs, may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and conditions affecting the vacation ownership industry and the availability of financing. Bluegreen may not be able to compete successfully in the highly competitive vacation ownership industry. Bluegreen generates significant sales from its strategic partnerships and relationships and is subject to risks related to those partnerships and arrangements, including that they may be terminated or not renewed, and may not be as successful as anticipated. Bluegreen is subject to risks related to its ability to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, the costs of compliance or any failure to comply, and changes in laws, rules and regulations. Bluegreen s business and results may be impacted if financing is not available on favorable terms, or at all. Bluegreen s results and liquidity would be adversely impacted if it experiences increased defaults on its notes receivable portfolio. The ratings of third-party rating agencies could adversely impact Bluegreen s ability to obtain, renew or extend credit facilities, or otherwise raise funds. Bluegreen may not market products and services successfully or efficiently. Bluegreen may be unable to develop or acquire VOI inventory or enter into and maintain fee-based relationships to source VOI inventory. Bluegreen is subject to risks associated with its management of resort properties and, with respect to properties not managed by Bluegreen, risks associated with its dependence on the managers of those resorts. 

 7 

Bluegreen may not continue to participate in, and Bluegreen s customers may not be satisfied with its, exchange networks and other strategic alliances. Bluegreen s business and results could be adversely impacted if maintenance costs increase and there is resistance to increases in maintenance fees. Strategic transactions which Bluegreen may pursue may not be successful and may have adverse impacts, including diversion of management attention and the incurrence of significant expenses. The resale market for VOIs could adversely affect Bluegreen s business. Bluegreen s insurance policies may not cover potential losses, including losses relating to hurricanes, other natural disasters or closures in connection with public health issues. Bluegreen s business may be adversely impacted by negative publicity, including information spread through social media. Risks Related to the Real Estate Market and Real Estate Development Bluegreen is subject to the risks of the real estate market and real estate development, including a decline in real estate values, a deterioration of other conditions relating to the real estate market and real estate development, and potential environmental liabilities. Risks Related to our Indebtedness The Company s, including Bluegreen s, indebtedness could limit its activities and adversely impact its results and financial condition. Changes to and replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the Company s, including Bluegreen s, results of operations and liquidity. Risks Related to Technology, Privacy and Intellectual Property Rights Bluegreen would be adversely impacted if it fails to maintain the integrity of internal or customer data. Bluegreen may not be able to keep pace with technological developments, and the cost involved in updating technology may be significant. A failure to protect Bluegreen or its business partners intellectual property rights could adversely affect Bluegreen s business. General Risks Legal and regulatory proceedings could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and operating results. The loss of key management or personnel could adversely affect the Company s business. The preparation of the Company s financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves estimates, judgments and assumptions, as to which there are inherent uncertainties, and changes thereto could adversely impact the Company s operating results and financial condition. The Company s stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of the Company s operating performance. A failure to maintain proper and effective internal controls could have adverse impacts. The Company s shareholders interests may be diluted by future stock issuances. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about the Company s business, the Company s stock price and trading volume could decline. Item 1. Business. Overview The Company s sole activities relate to the activities of Bluegreen, a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells VOIs and manages resorts in popular leisure and urban destinations. Bluegreen, which was previously a 93 owned subsidiary of the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in May 2021. On September 30, 2020, the Company completed its spin-off of BBX Capital, Inc. BBX Capital ). BBX Capital was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company prior to the spin-off and became a separate public company as a result 

 8 

of the spin-off. BBX Capital holds all of the historical business and investments of the Company other than the Company s investment in Bluegreen. BBX Capital and its subsidiaries are presented as discontinued operations in the Company s financial statements. In connection with the spin-off, the Company s name was changed from BBX Capital Corporation to Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation. The Company also issued a 75.0 million note payable to BBX Capital (of which 50.0 million remained outstanding at December 31, 2022). The note accrues interest at a rate of 6 per annum and requires payments of interest on a quarterly basis. Under the terms of the note, the Company has the option in its discretion to defer interest payments under the note, with interest on the entire outstanding balance thereafter to accrue at a cumulative, compounded rate of 8 per annum until such time as the Company is current on all accrued payments under the note, including deferred interest. All remaining outstanding amounts under the note will become due and payable in September 2025 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain other events. On May 5, 2021, the Company acquired approximately 7 of outstanding shares of Bluegreen s common stock not previously owned by the Company through a statutory short-form merger under Florida law. In connection with the merger, Bluegreen s shareholders (other than the Company received 0.51 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock for each share of Bluegreen s common stock that they held at the effective time of the merger (subject to rounding up of fractional shares). T he Company issued approximately 2.66 million shares of its Class A Common Stock in connection with the merger. As a result of the completion of the merger, Bluegreen became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and its common stock was no longer publicly traded . In July 2020, the Company effected a one-for-five reverse split of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Share and per share amounts set forth herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the one-for-five reverse stock split as if it had occurred as of January 1, 2020. Our Business Bluegreen is a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells VOIs and manages resorts in popular leisure and urban destinations. Bluegreen s resort network includes 46 Club Resorts (resorts in which owners in the Bluegreen Vacation Club Vacation Club have the right to control and use most of the units in connection with their VOI ownership) and 23 Club Associate Resorts (resorts in which owners in the Vacation Club have the right to use only a limited number of units in connection with their VOI ownership). These Club Resorts and Club Associate Resorts are primarily located in high-volume, drive-to vacation locations, including Orlando, Las Vegas, Myrtle Beach, Charleston and New Orleans, among others. In addition, in October 2022 Bluegreen purchased a resort located in Panama City Beach, Florida. Bluegreen expects this resort to be available for use by Bluegreen Vacation Club owners in 2023. Through Bluegreen s points-based system, the approximately 218,000 owners in the Vacation Club have the flexibility to stay at units available at any of Bluegreen s resorts and have access to over 11,400 other hotels and resorts through partnerships and exchange networks. Bluegreen s sales and marketing platform is currently supported by marketing relationships with nationally-recognized consumer brands, such as Bass Pro and Choice Hotels. The Company believes these marketing relationships have helped generate sales within its core demographic, as described below. The Vacation Club has grown from approximately 170,000 owners as of December 31, 2012 to approximately 218,000 owners as of December 31, 2022. The average Vacation Club owner is 48 years old and has an average annual household income of approximately 84,000. According to U.S. census data, households with an annual income of 50,000 to 100,000 represent approximately 28 of the total population. Bluegreen believes its ability to effectively scale the transaction size to suit its customer, as well as its high-quality, conveniently-located, drive-to resorts are key factors in attracting its core target demographic. 

 9 

(1) Excludes Other Income, Net . The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant disruptions in international and U.S. economies and markets, and had an unprecedented impact on the travel and hospitality industries, including a material adverse impact on Bluegreen s results, especially during 2020 and to a lesser extent in 2021, as previously described in the Company s filings with the SEC. Bluegreen believes that the increase in sales of VOIs in 2022 reflect the recovery from the pandemic and high demand for domestic travel despite ongoing COVID-19 cases and higher interest rates and inflationary trends. While we hope that improvements in the travel and leisure industry continue, the impact of economic challenges and public health concerns on the Bluegreen s business and operating results is uncertain . Products Vacation Ownership Interests Since entering the vacation ownership industry in 1994, Bluegreen has generated over 807,000 VOI sales transactions. Vacation Club owners receive an annual or biennial allotment of points in perpetuity (supported by an underlying deeded VOI held in trust for the owner) that may be used to stay at any of Bluegreen s Club Resorts and Club Associate Resorts. Vacation Club owners can use their points to stay in resorts for varying lengths of time, starting at a minimum of two nights. The number of points required for a stay at a resort depends on a variety of factors, including resort location, size of the unit, vacation season and the days of the week. Under this system, Vacation Club owners can select vacations according to their schedules, space needs and available points. Subject to certain restrictions and fees, Vacation Club owners are typically allowed to carry over any unused points for one year and to borrow points from the next year. Each of Bluegreen s Club Resorts and Club Associate Resorts is managed by an HOA, which is governed by a board of directors or trustees. The board hires a management company to which it delegates many of the responsibilities of the HOA, including landscaping, security, housekeeping, garbage collection, utilities, insurance procurement, laundry and repairs and maintenance. Vacation Club owners pay annual maintenance fees which cover the costs of operating all of the resorts in the Vacation Club system, including fees for real estate taxes and reserves for capital improvements. If a Vacation Club owner does not pay such charges, his or her use rights may be suspended and ultimately terminated, subject to the applicable lender s first mortgage lien, if any, on such owner s VOI. Bluegreen provides management services to 50 resorts and the Vacation Club through contractual arrangements with HOAs. Bluegreen has historically had a 100 renewal rate on management contracts from Club Resorts. The Vacation Club s points-based platform offers owners significant flexibility. As reflected in the chart below, basic Vacation Club ownership entitles owners to use their points to stay at any of Bluegreen s Club Resorts and Club 

 10 

Associate Resorts, as well as to access more than 4,200 resorts available through the Resort Condominiums International, LLC RCI exchange network. For a nominal annual fee and transaction fees, Vacation Club owners can join and utilize the Traveler Plus program, which enables them to use their points to access an additional 48 direct exchange resorts, and other vacation experiences. Traveler Plus members can also directly use their Vacation Club points for stays in Choice Hotels Ascend Hotel Collection properties and Cambria Hotels and other benefits. Overall, there are more than 7,000 hotels in the Choice Hotels network, located in over 40 countries and territories, and Choice Hotels brands include the Ascend Hotel Collection, Comfort Inn, Comfort Suites, Quality Inn, Sleep Inn, Clarion, Clarion Pointe, Cambria Hotels and Suites, MainStay Suites, Suburban Extended Stay Hotel, Econo Lodge, Rodeway Inn, WoodSpring Suites and Everhome Suites. In addition, Vacation Club owners can convert their Vacation Club points into Choice Privileges points, which can be used for stays in Choice Hotels properties. Bluegreen remains focused on providing value to its Vacation Club owners through enhanced product offerings, new resort locations, broader vacation experiences and technological improvements, all designed to increase guest satisfaction. Approximately 66 of Vacation Club owners were enrolled in Traveler Plus as of December 31, 2022. Vacation Club Resort Locations As shown in the map below, Vacation Club resorts are primarily located on the U.S. East Coast and Midwest. The 48 direct-exchange resorts available to Traveler Plus members are concentrated along the West Coast and Hawaii. The Company believes that, together, this provides a broad geographic offering of resorts available to Vacation Club owners. 

 11 

Vacation Club resorts are primarily drive-to resort destinations as approximately 88 of Bluegreen s Vacation Club owners live within a four-hour drive of at least one resort. Bluegreen resorts are generally located in popular vacation destinations, such as Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Texas, Louisiana, and Nevada, and represent a diverse mix of resort and urban destinations, allowing Vacation Club owners the ability to customize their vacation experience. In addition, Bluegreen expects to offer Vacation Club owners access to our new Panama City Beach resort in 2023. Bluegreen s resort network also offers a diverse mix of experiences and accommodations. Unlike some of Bluegreen s competitors that maintain static brand design standards across resorts and geographies, Bluegreen seeks to design resorts that capture the uniqueness of a particular location. The goal of Bluegreen s resorts is to offer an authentic experience and connection to the resorts unique and varied locations. Bluegreen resorts typically feature condominium-style accommodations with amenities such as fully equipped kitchens, entertainment centers and in-room laundry appliances. Many resorts feature a clubhouse (including a pool, game room and lounge), hotel-type staff and concierge services. Bluegreen also owns a 51 interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, which develops, markets and sells VOIs at three premier wilderness-themed resorts adjacent to Table Rock Lake near Branson, Missouri: The Bluegreen Wilderness Club at Big Cedar, The Cliffs at Long Creek and Paradise Point. The remaining 49 interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations is held by Big Cedar, LLC, an affiliate of Bass Pro. As a result of Bluegreen s controlling interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, the Company s consolidated financial statements include the results of operations and financial condition of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations. 

 12 

Vacation Club Resorts Club Resorts Location Total units (1) Managed by Bluegreen (2) Sales center (5) 1 Cibola Vista Resort and Spa Peoria, Arizona 343 2 The Club at Big Bear Village Big Bear Lake, California 38 3 The Innsbruck Aspen Aspen, Colorado 17 4 Streamside Cedar Resort Vail, Colorado 46 5 Via Roma Beach Resort Bradenton Beach, Florida 28 6 Daytona SeaBreeze Daytona Beach Shores, Florida 78 7 Resort Sixty-Six Holmes Beach, Florida 28 8 The Hammocks at Marathon Marathon, Florida 58 9 The Fountains, Lake Eve and Oasis Lakes Orlando, Florida 842 10 Orlando s Sunshine Resort I II Orlando, Florida 84 11 Casa del Mar Beach Resort Ormond Beach, Florida 118 12 Grande Villas at World Golf Village The Resort at World Golf Village St. Augustine, Florida 214 13 Bluegreen at Tradewinds St. Pete Beach, Florida 160 14 Solara Surfside (6) Surfside, Florida 60 15 Studio Homes at Ellis Square Savannah, Georgia 28 16 The Hotel Blake Chicago, Illinois 160 17 Bluegreen Club La Pension New Orleans, Louisiana 64 18 Marquee New Orleans, Louisiana 94 19 The Breakers Dennis Port, Massachusetts 52 20 The Soundings Seaside Resort Dennis Port, Massachusetts 69 21 Mountain Run at Boyne Hemlock Boyne Falls, Michigan 205 22 The Falls Village Branson, Missouri 293 23 Paradise Point Resort (4) Hollister, Missouri 150 24 Bluegreen Wilderness Club at Big Cedar (4) Ridgedale, Missouri 445 25 The Cliffs at Long Creek (4) Ridgedale, Missouri 106 26 Bluegreen Club 36 Las Vegas, Nevada 476 27 South Mountain Resort Lincoln, New Hampshire 116 28 Blue Ridge Village I,II and III Banner Elk, North Carolina 132 29 Club Lodges at Trillium Cashiers, North Carolina 58 30 The Suites at Hershey Hershey, Pennsylvania 78 31 The Lodge Alley Inn Charleston, South Carolina 90 32 King 583 Charleston, South Carolina 50 33 Carolina Grande Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 118 34 Harbour Lights Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 324 35 Horizon at 77th Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 88 36 SeaGlass Tower Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 136 37 Shore Crest Vacation Villas I II North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 240 38 MountainLoft I II Gatlinburg, Tennessee 394 39 Laurel Crest Pigeon Forge, Tennessee 298 40 Eilan Hotel and Spa San Antonio, Texas 163 41 Shenandoah Crossing Gordonsville, Virginia 136 42 Bluegreen Wilderness Traveler at Shenandoah Gordonsville, Virginia 146 43 BG Patrick Henry Square Williamsburg, Virginia 130 44 Parkside Williamsburg Resort Williamsburg, Virginia 107 45 Bluegreen Odyssey Dells Pirate s Lodge Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin 92 46 Christmas Mountain Village Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin 381 Total Units 7,533 

13 

Club Associate Resorts Location Managed by Bluegreen (2) 1 Paradise Isle Resort Gulf Shores, Alabama 2 Shoreline Towers Resort Gulf Shores, Alabama 3 La Cabana Beach Resort Casino (3) Oranjestad, Aruba 4 Dolphin Beach Club Daytona Beach Shores, Florida 5 Fantasy Island Resort II Daytona Beach Shores, Florida 6 Mariner s Boathouse and Beach Resort Fort Myers Beach, Florida 7 Tropical Sands Resort Fort Myers Beach, Florida 8 Windward Passage Resort Fort Myers Beach, Florida 9 Gulfstream Manor Gulfstream, Florida 10 Outrigger Beach Club Ormond Beach, Florida 11 Landmark Holiday Beach Resort Panama City Beach, Florida 12 Ocean Towers Beach Club Panama City Beach, Florida 13 Panama City Resort Club Panama City Beach, Florida 14 Surfrider Beach Club Sanibel Island, Florida 15 Petit Crest Villas and Golf Club Villas at Big Canoe Marble Hill, Georgia 16 Pono Kai Resort Kapaa (Kauai), Hawaii 17 Lake Condominiums at Big Sky Big Sky, Montana 18 Foxrun Townhouses Lake Lure, North Carolina 19 Sandcastle Village II New Bern, North Carolina 20 Waterwood Townhouses New Bern, North Carolina 21 Bluegreen at Atlantic Palace Atlantic City, New Jersey 22 The Manhattan Club New York, New York 23 Players Club Hilton Head Island, South Carolina 
 (1) Represents the total number of units at the Club Resort. Owners in the Vacation Club have the right to use most of the units at each Club Resort in connection with their VOI ownership. (2) Resorts managed by Bluegreen Resorts Management, Inc., Bluegreen s wholly-owned subsidiary Bluegreen Resorts Management ). (3) This resort is managed by Casa Grande Cooperative Association I, which has contracted with Bluegreen Resorts Management to provide management consulting services to the resort. The services provided by Bluegreen Resorts Management to this resort pursuant to such agreement are similar in nature to, but less extensive than, the services provided by Bluegreen or its subsidiaries to the other resorts listed in the table as Managed by Bluegreen. Further, Vacation Club owners can access most of the units at this resort. (4) This resort is developed, marketed and sold by Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations. (5) In addition to the sales centers identified in the table, Bluegreen also operates a sales center in Memphis, Tennessee. (6) This resort and sales center are temporarily closed. As previously described, in addition to resorts listed above, in October 2022, Bluegreen purchased a resort located in Panama City Beach, Florida. Bluegreen expects this resort to be available for use by Bluegreen Vacation Club owners in 2023. Marketing and Sale of Inventory VOI sales are typically generated by attracting prospective customers guests to tour a resort and attend a sales presentation (a guest tour ). Bluegreen s sales and marketing platforms utilize a variety of methods to attract prospective customers, drive guest tour flow and sell VOIs in its Vacation Club. Bluegreen utilizes marketing alliances with nationally-recognized brands, which provide access to venues which target consumers generally matching Bluegreen s core demographic. To a lesser extent, guests are also sourced through programs which generate leads at high-traffic venues and in high-density tourist locations and events, as well as through referrals from existing owners and other guests at Bluegreen s properties. Many of Bluegreen s marketing programs intended to attract prospective customers involve the sale of a discounted vacation package that typically includes a two to three night stay in close proximity to one of Bluegreen s sales offices and requires participation in a guest tour. Vacation packages may be sold either in retail brick and mortar establishments, such as Bass Pro and Cabela s stores and malls, through Bluegreen s call transfer program with Choice, or via telemarketing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Bluegreen sold approximately 169,000 vacation packages and 25 of its VOI sales were made to guests who had previously purchased a vacation package and attended a guest tour. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen had a pipeline of over 165,000 vacation packages sold to new customers. While there is no assurance that this will continue to be the case, prior to the impact of COVID-19 on travel, historically approximately 40 to 42 of vacation packages resulted in guest tours at one of Bluegreen s 

 14 

resorts with a sales center within twelve months of purchase. In addition to vacation packages sold to new prospects, as reflected in the discussion above, Bluegreen also sells vacation packages to customers who have already toured and purchased a VOI and have indicated they would tour again. As of December 31, 2022, the pipeline included approximately 16,000 of such packages. There is no assurance that such packages will convert to sales at historical or expected levels. Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited BVU ), Bluegreen s wholly-owned subsidiary, has an exclusive marketing agreement through 2024 with Bass Pro, a nationally-recognized retailer of fishing, marine, hunting, camping and sports gear, that provides BVU with the right to market and sell vacation packages at kiosks in Bass Pro s and Cabela s retail locations and through other means. The Company believes that Bass Pro has a loyal customer base that strongly matches Bluegreen s core demographic. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, VOI sales to prospects and leads generated by the agreement with Bass Pro accounted for approximately 17 , 19 and 12 , respectively, of VOI sales volume. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen was operating marketing kiosks at a total of 129 Bass Pro Shops and Cabela s stores (one new Bass Pro marketing location opened during 2022). In January 2023, as part of a reorganization of certain marketing programs, Bluegreen s marketing kiosks at 23 Cabela s stores were changed to unmanned virtual locations. Bluegreen also has an exclusive strategic relationship with Choice Hotels that involves several areas of its business, including a sales and marketing alliance that enables Bluegreen to leverage Choice Hotels brands, customer relationships and marketing channels to sell vacation packages. Vacation packages are sold through customer reservation calls transferred to Bluegreen from Choice Hotels. Bluegreen s strategic relationship with Choice Hotels began in 2013 and was extended in August 2017 for a 15 year term, with an additional 15-year renewal term thereafter unless either party elects not to renew the arrangement. The Company believes that its diverse strategic marketing alliances (including those with Bass Pro, Choice Hotels and other local and national marketing programs) provides a potential strategic advantage over certain of its competitors that rely primarily on relationships with their affiliated hotel brands to drive lead generation and new owner growth. The Company s goal is to identify marketing partners with brands that attract its targeted owner demographic and to build successful marketing relationships with those partners. In addition to the programs described above, Bluegreen may also engage in other local and national marketing programs from time to time. In addition to sales to new customers, Bluegreen seeks to sell additional VOI points to its existing Vacation Club owners. These sales generally have lower marketing costs and result in higher operating margins than sales generated through other marketing channels. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, sales to existing Vacation Club owners accounted for 54 , 54 and 64 , respectively, of Bluegreen s system-wide sales of VOIs. Bluegreen targets a balanced mix of new customer and existing Vacation Club owner sales to support its goal of sustainable long-term growth. While there is no assurance that it will be the case in the future, Bluegreen believes that the variety of its marketing relationships has historically facilitated a healthy mix of new owner sales vs. existing owner sales that compare favorably to its competitors. Bluegreen operates 24 sales centers, typically located at or adjacent to Bluegreen s resorts. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen had over 3,400 employees dedicated to VOI sales and marketing. Bluegreen typically utilizes a uniform sales process and offers ongoing training for its sales personnel with the goal of maintaining strict quality control policies. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 96 of Bluegreen s sales were generated from 20 of Bluegreen s sales centers which focus on both new customer and existing Vacation Club owner sales. Bluegreen s remaining 4 sales centers are primarily focused on sales to existing Vacation Club owners staying at the respective resort. Bluegreen also utilizes telesales operations to sell VOIs to Vacation Club owners. VOI Inventory Sourcing The Company s business model is designed to give it potential flexibility to capitalize on opportunities and adapt to changing market environments. The Company has the ability to adjust its targeted mix of sales of Bluegreen owned VOI inventory vs. fee-based owned VOI inventory, sales to new customers vs. existing Vacation Club owners, and cash vs. financed sales. While the Company may pursue opportunities that primarily impact its short-term results, the long-term goal is to achieve sustained growth while maximizing earnings and cash flow. 

 15 

Bluegreen Owned VOI Inventory Bluegreen owned VOI inventory includes VOIs in resorts that Bluegreen has developed or acquired in addition to VOI inventory acquired pursuant to just in time JIT and secondary market arrangements. Sales of VOIs from Bluegreen owned VOI inventory comprised 86 of system-wide sales of VOIs during the year ended December 31, 2022. Bluegreen holds the notes receivable originated in connection with sales of Bluegreen owned VOI inventory. Bluegreen acquires VOI inventory from HOAs and other owners generally on a non-committed basis. These VOIs are typically obtained by the applicable HOA through foreclosure or termination in connection with HOA maintenance fee defaults and from the HOA through the HOA s exercise of its right of first refusal. In these cases, Bluegreen generally purchases these VOIs at a significant discount to retail price. Bluegreen also may enter into JIT VOI inventory acquisition agreements with third-party developers that allow Bluegreen to buy VOI inventory in close proximity to when it intends to sell such VOIs Fee-Based or Third Party Developer Owned VOI Inventory Bluegreen offers sales and marketing services to third-party developers for a commission. Under these arrangements, which are typically, but not always, entered into on a non-committed basis, Bluegreen sells third-party developers VOIs as Vacation Club interests through Bluegreen s sales and marketing platform. Bluegreen seeks to structure the fee for these services to cover selling and marketing costs, plus an operating profit. Historically, Bluegreen targeted a commission rate of 65 to 75 of the VOI sales price. Sales of third-party developer owned VOIs comprised 14 of system-wide sales of VOIs during the year ended December 31, 2022. Notes receivable originated in connection with sales of third-party developer owned VOIs are held by the third-party developer and, in certain cases, are serviced by Bluegreen for an additional fee. Bluegreen is not at risk for development financing and has no capital requirements, in connections with fee-based inventory, thereby potentially increasing return on invested capital, or ROIC. Bluegreen may also hold the HOA management contract associated with these resorts. Future VOI Inventory The retail value of Bluegreen owned VOI inventory on hand and available for sale fluctuates from period to period due to sales of VOIs, the acquisition of inventory, the development of new VOIs, reacquisition of VOIs through notes receivable defaults, and the acquisition of VOIs through JIT and secondary market arrangements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bluegreen owned VOI inventory (excluding units not currently being marketed as VOIs, such as model units) and had access to additional completed VOI inventory through fee-based and JIT arrangements having a retail sales value as follows (dollars are in thousands and represent the then-estimated retail sales value): 

 16 

As of December 31, Inventory Source 2022 2021 Bluegreen owned completed VOI inventory 1,516,025 1,172,367 Fee-based VOI inventory 88,712 132,266 Total 1,604,737 1,304,633 
 Based on current estimates and expectations, the Company believes this inventory, combined with inventory being developed by Bluegreen or its third-party developer clients, and inventory that it may reacquire in connection with mortgage and maintenance fee defaults, can support its VOI sales at its current levels for approximately four to five years. The Company remains focused on strategically expanding its inventory through acquisitions of new resorts and continued development at certain of its existing resorts over the next several years. The Company intends to continue to evaluate opportunities to develop or acquire VOI inventory in key strategic markets where it identifies growing owner demand and where it currently has or expects to have a significant marketing and sales network. In connection with this strategy, in 2022, the Company purchased resorts in Vail, Colorado and Panama City Beach, Florida. While Bluegreen intends to continue to be flexible in its approach, sales of third-party developer owned VOIs is expected to decrease as a percentage of system-wide sales of VOIs compared to prior years as the Company continues its efforts to increase sales of Bluegreen owned VOIs in the future. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated retail sales value and cash purchase price of the VOIs Bluegreen acquired through secondary market arrangements were as follows (dollars in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Estimated retail sales value 288,831 210,743 Cash purchase price 11,446 5,884 
 Active development activities consist primarily of improvements to the Vail and Panama City Beach resorts and additional VOI units being developed in Missouri and Tennessee. Management and Other Fee-Based Services The Company earns recurring management fees for providing services to HOAs. These management services include oversight of front desk, housekeeping, maintenance as well as certain accounting and administrative functions. The Company believes its management contracts yield highly predictable cash flows that do not have the traditional risks associated with hotel management contracts that are linked to daily rate or occupancy. Bluegreen s management contracts are typically structured as cost-plus management fees, pursuant to which it generally earns fees equal to 10 to 12 of the costs to operate the applicable resort. These agreements generally have an initial term of three years with automatic one year renewals. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen provided management services to 50 resorts. The Company also earns recurring management fees for providing services to the Vacation Club. The services to the Vacation Club include managing the reservation system and providing owner billing and collection services. Bluegreen s management contract with the Vacation Club currently provides for reimbursement of its costs plus a fee equal to 10 per Vacation Club owner. The Company may seek to expand its management services business, including to provide hospitality management services to hotels for third parties. In addition to HOA and club management services, the Company also provides other fee-based services that produce revenue without the significant capital investment generally associated with the development and acquisition of resorts. These services include title and escrow services for fees in connection with the closing of VOI sales, servicing notes receivable held by third parties (typically a fee equal to 1.5 of the principal balance of the serviced portfolio), and construction management services for third-party developers (typically fees equal to 4 of the cost of construction of the project). The Company also receives revenue from retail and food and beverage operations at certain resorts. 

 17 

Customer Financing The Company generally offers qualified purchasers financing for up to 90 of the purchase price of VOIs. The typical financing provides for a term of ten years and a fixed interest rate that is determined based on the FICO score of the borrower, the amount of the down payment and existing ownership, is fully amortizing in equal installments, and may be prepaid without penalty. Purchasers may receive an additional 1 discount on the interest rate by participating in a pre-authorized payment plan. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 93 of the Bluegreen s serviced VOI notes receivable participated in the pre-authorized payment plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted-average interest rate on the Company s VOI notes receivable was 15.3 . VOI purchasers are generally required to make a down payment or have equity in an existing VOI of at least 10 of the sales price. Bluegreen also promotes a point-of-sale credit card program sponsored by a third-party financial institution. Including down payments received on financed sales, approximately 40 of system-wide sales of VOIs during the year ended December 31, 2022 were paid in cash within approximately 30 days from the contract date. See Sales/Financing of Receivables below for additional information regarding the Company s receivable financing activities. Loan Underwriting The Company generally does not originate financing to customers with FICO scores below 600. However, it may provide financing to customers with no FICO score or a FICO score between 575 and 599 if the customer makes a minimum down payment of 20 . For loans made during 2022, the borrowers weighted-average FICO s core after a 30-day, same as cash period from the point of sale was 728. Further information is set forth in the following table: FICO Score Percentage of originated and serviced VOI receivables No Score 1.0 1.0 600 - 699 31.0 700+ 67.0 
 Collection Policies Financed VOI sales originated by the Company utilize a note and mortgage. Collection efforts related to these VOI notes receivable are managed by Bluegreen. Collectors are incentivized through a performance-based compensation program. Bluegreen generally pursues collection efforts with respect to Vacation Club owners with outstanding loans secured by their VOI by mail, telephone and email (as early as 10 days past due). At 30 days past due, Bluegreen mails a collection letter to the owner if a U.S. resident advising that if the loan is not brought current, the delinquency will be reported to a credit reporting agency. At 60 days past due, Bluegreen mails a letter to the owner advising that he or she may be prohibited from making future reservations for lodging at a resort. At 90 days past due, the Company stops the accrual of, and reverses previously accrued but unpaid, interest on the note receivable and typically mails a notice informing the owner that unless the delinquency is cured within 30 days, Bluegreen may terminate the underlying VOI ownership. If an owner fails to bring the account current within the given timeframe, the loan is generally defaulted and the owner s VOI is terminated. In that case, Bluegreen mails a final letter, at approximately 127 days past due, notifying the owner of the loan default and the termination of his or her beneficial interest in the VOI property. Thereafter, Bluegreen may seek to resell the VOI to a new purchaser. In certain cases, at its discretion, Bluegreen may not default the loan and terminate the underlying VOI, in which case the loan would remain delinquent. 

 18 

Allowance for Loan Losses The Company estimates uncollectible VOI notes receivable based on historical loss amounts for similar VOI notes receivable and does not consider the value of the underlying collateral. The Company holds large pools of homogeneous VOI notes receivable and assesses uncollectibility based on pools of receivables as it does not believe there are significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual counterparty or groups of counterparties. In estimating future loan losses, management does not use a single primary indicator of credit quality, but instead evaluates VOI notes receivable based upon a combination of factors, including a static pool analysis that incorporates the aging of the respective receivables, default trends, and prepayment rates by origination year, as well as the FICO scores of borrowers and the mix of new versus existing owner loans. Substantially all defaulted VOI notes receivable result in the holder of such receivable acquiring the related VOI that secured such receivable, typically soon after default and at little or no cost. The reacquired VOI is then available for resale in the normal course of business. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about the performance of the Company s notes receivable portfolio. Sales/Financing of Receivables The Company s ability to sell or borrow against its VOI notes receivable is an important factor in meeting its liquidity requirements. The vacation ownership business generally involves sales where a buyer is only required to pay 10 of the purchase price up front, while at the same time selling and marketing expenses related to such sales are primarily cash expenses that exceed the down payment amount. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales and marketing expenses totaled approximately 57 of system-wide sales of VOIs. Accordingly, having facilities for the sale or hypothecation of VOI notes receivable, along with periodic term securitization transactions, have been critical factors in meeting the Company s short and long-term cash needs. There are no assurances that sales, hypothecation or securitization of VOIs will be available in the future at acceptable terms or at all. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about the Company s VOI notes receivable purchase facilities and term securitizations. Receivables Servicing Receivables servicing includes collecting payments from borrowers and remitting the funds to the owners, lenders or investors in such receivables, accounting for principal and interest on such receivables, making advances when required, contacting delinquent borrowers, terminating a Vacation Club ownership in the event that defaults are not timely remedied and performing other administrative duties. The Company receives fees for servicing its securitized notes receivable. These fees are included as a component of interest income. Additionally, the Company earns servicing fee income from third-party developers in connection with its servicing of their loan portfolios under certain fee-based services arrangements, which is netted against the cost of mortgage servicing operations. Bluegreen s Core Operating and Growth Strategies Grow VOI sales Bluegreen s goal is to utilize its sales and marketing platform to achieve VOI sales growth through the expansion of existing alliances, continued development of new marketing programs and additional VOI sales to Bluegreen s existing Vacation Club owners. Bluegreen believes there are a number of opportunities within its existing marketing alliances to drive future growth. In addition to its marketing through Bass Pro, Bluegreen has a marketing program through its Choice Hotels call-transfer programs. Further, Bluegreen continues to utilize its sales and marketing expertise to identify additional unique marketing relationships with nationally-recognized brands that resonate with its core demographic. Bluegreen will continue to actively seek to sell additional VOI points to its existing Vacation Club owners, which typically involve significantly lower marketing costs and have higher conversion rates compared to sales to new customers. Bluegreen s goal continues to be to expand and update its sales offices to more effectively 

 19 

convert tours generated by its marketing programs into sales. To this end, Bluegreen has focused on identifying high traffic resorts where it believes increased investment in sales office infrastructure will yield strong sales results. Continue to enhance Bluegreen s Vacation Club experience Bluegreen believes its Vacation Club offers owners exceptional value. Bluegreen s Vacation Club offers owners access to its 46 Club Resorts and 23 Club Associate Resorts in popular vacation destinations, as well as access to over 11,400 other hotels and resorts and other vacation experiences, through partnerships and exchange networks. Bluegreen continues to seek to add value and flexibility to its Vacation Club membership and enhance the vacation experience of its Vacation Club owners, including through the addition of new destinations, the expansion of its exchange programs and the addition of new partnerships offering increased vacation options. Bluegreen also continuously seeks to improve its technology, including websites and applications, to enhance its Vacation Club owners experiences. Bluegreen believes these objectives will continue to enhance the Vacation Club experience, supporting Bluegreen s goal of encouraging guests to vacation and to drive sales to both new and existing owners. Grow higher-margin, cash generating revenues Bluegreen also seeks to grow its recurring revenues such as resort management and financing revenues. Bluegreen believes these revenues are generally more predictable and can grow with little additional investment in infrastructure and can potentially produce higher-margins. Increase sales and operating efficiencies across all customer touch-points Bluegreen is actively seeking to improve its operational execution across all aspects of its business. Bluegreen s sales and marketing platform utilizes a variety of screening methods and data-driven analyses intended to identify and attract high-quality prospects to its sales offices in an effort to increase volume per guest VPG ), an important measure of sales efficiency. Bluegreen also intends to leverage its size, infrastructure and expertise to increase its operating efficiency and profitability and hopes to gain further operational efficiencies by streamlining its support operations, such as call centers, customer service, administration and information technology. As previously described, during 2022, we acquired resorts in Vail, Colorado and Panama City Beach, Florida. Pursue opportunistic strategic transactions As part of our growth strategy, we may seek to acquire other VOI companies, resorts, sales and marketing platforms, management companies and contracts, and other assets, properties and businesses, particularly where significant synergies and cost savings may be available. We believe Bluegreen s flexible sales and marketing platform may make these transactions possible in a variety of economic conditions. As previously discussed, during 2022 we acquired resorts in Vail, Colorado and Panama City Beach, Florida. Industry Overview The vacation ownership, or timeshare, industry is a growing segment of the global travel and tourism sector. By purchasing a VOI, the purchaser typically acquires either (i) a fee simple interest in a property (or collection of properties) providing annual usage rights at the owner s home resort (where the owner s VOI is deeded), or (ii) an annual or biennial allotment of points that can be redeemed for stays at properties included in the vacation ownership company s resort network or for other vacation options available through exchange programs. Compared to hotel rooms, vacation ownership units typically offer more spacious floor plans and residential features, such as living rooms, fully equipped kitchens, laundry appliances and dining areas. Compared to owning a vacation home in its entirety, the key advantages of vacation ownership products typically include a lower up-front acquisition cost and annual expenses, resort-style features and services and, often, an established infrastructure to exchange usage rights for stays across multiple locations. The vacation ownership industry was historically highly fragmented, with a large number of local and regional resort developers and operators having small resort portfolios of varying quality. The Company believes that the current growth in the vacation ownership industry has been driven by increased interest from resort developers and globally- 

 20 

recognized lodging and entertainment brands, increased interest from consumers seeking flexible vacation options, continued product evolution and geographic expansion. The average VOI owner is 39 years old and married and 78 have either graduated from or attended college. VOI owners have an average household income of over 95,000. Regulation The vacation ownership and real estate industries are subject to extensive and complex governmental regulation and as a consequence, the Company is subject to various federal, state, local, foreign, environmental, zoning, consumer protection and other laws, rules and regulations, including those regarding the acquisition, marketing and sale of VOIs, as well as various aspects of its financing operations. At the federal level, the Federal Trade Commission has taken an active regulatory role through the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or unfair competition in interstate commerce. In addition, many states have what are known as Little FTC Acts that apply to intrastate activity. In addition to the laws applicable to the Company s customer financing and other operations discussed below, it may be subject to the Fair Housing Act and various other federal laws, rules and regulations. The Company is also subject to various foreign laws with respect to La Cabana Beach Resort and Casino in Oranjestad, Aruba and Blue Water Resort at Cable Beach in Nassau, Bahamas . The cost of complying with applicable laws and regulations may be significant and while efforts are in place to monitor compliance, those efforts may not at all times be successful. Any failure to comply with current or future applicable laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results and operations. The vacation ownership product is subject to various regulatory requirements, including state and local approvals. In most states the Company is required to file with the jurisdictions a detailed offering statement describing its business and all material aspects of the project and sale of VOIs with the designated state authority. In addition, when required by state law, the Company provides its VOI purchasers with a public offering disclosure statement that contains, among other items, detailed information about the VOI product and the purchaser s rights and obligations as a VOI owner. Laws in each state where the Company sells VOIs generally grant the purchaser of a VOI the right to cancel a purchase contract at any time within a specified rescission period following the earlier of the date the contract was signed or the date the purchaser received the last of the documents required to be provided by the Company . Most states have other laws that regulate the Company s activities, which may include real estate licensure requirements, sellers of travel licensure requirements, anti-fraud laws, telemarketing laws, prize, gift and sweepstakes laws, and labor laws. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, the owner of real property is generally liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on or in, or emanating from, the property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the property owner knew of the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect a property owner s ability to sell or lease a property or to borrow using the real property as collateral. Other federal and state laws require the removal or encapsulation of asbestos-containing material when such material is in poor condition or in the event of construction, demolition, remodeling or renovation. Other statutes may require the removal of underground storage tanks. Noncompliance with any of these and other environmental, health or safety requirements may result in the need to cease or alter operations or development at a property. In addition, certain state and local laws may impose liability on property developers including the Company with respect to construction defects discovered on the property or repairs made by future owners of such property. The development, management and operation of Bluegreen s resorts are also subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act. The Company s marketing, sales and customer financing activities are also subject to extensive regulation, which can include, but is not limited to: the Truth-in-Lending Act and Regulation Z; the Fair Housing Act; the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act; the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B; the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E; the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C; the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices and Regulation AA; the Patriot Act; the Right to Financial Privacy Act; the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act; the Fair and Accurate Credit 

 21 

Transactions Act; and anti-money laundering laws. Pursuant to the Dodd Frank Act, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB was created. The CFPB s mandate is to protect consumers by carrying out federal consumer financial laws and to publish rules and forms that facilitate understanding of the financial implications of the transactions consumers enter into. Consistent with this mission, the CFPB amended Regulations X and Z to establish new disclosure requirements and forms pursuant to Regulation Z for most closed-end consumer credit transactions secured by real property. The practical impact upon the Company is the requirement to use a new Integrated Mortgage Disclosure Statement in lieu of the separate Good Faith Estimate and Closing Statement. In addition, Bluegreen s term securitization transactions must comply with certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, including risk retention rules. Bluegreen s management of, and dealings with, HOAs, including the purchase of defaulted inventory from HOAs in connection with secondary market arrangements, is subject to state laws and resort rules and regulations, including those with respect to the establishment of budgets and expenditures, rule-making and the imposition of maintenance assessments. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 3 of VOI sales were generated by marketing to prospective purchasers obtained through internal and third-party vendors outbound telemarketing efforts. The Company attempts to monitor the actions and legal and regulatory compliance of these third parties, but there are risks associated with the Company s and such third parties telemarketing efforts. State and federal regulators have increased regulations and enforcement actions related to telemarketing operations, including requiring the adherence to state do not call laws. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission and Federal Communications Commission have implemented national do not call legislation. The Company has attempted to mitigate the risks associated with telemarketing through the use of permission based marketing, whereby the Company obtains the permission of prospective purchasers to contact them in the future, thereby exempting such calls from the various do not call laws. The Company has also implemented policies and procedures that it believes reduce the possibility that individuals who have requested to be placed on a do not call list are not contacted, but such policies and procedures ensure strict regulatory compliance. To date, no material fines or penalties have been imposed as a result of the Company s telemarketing operations. However, the Company and its subsidiaries have been the subject of proceedings for violation of the telemarketing laws and other laws applicable to the marketing and sale of VOIs. See Note 12 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Competition The Company competes with various high profile and well-established companies, many of which have greater liquidity and financial resources. Many of the world s most recognized lodging, hospitality and entertainment companies develop and sell VOIs in resort properties. Major companies that now operate vacation ownership resorts directly, through subsidiaries or through strategic relationships include Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, Hilton Grand Vacations, and Travel + Leisure Co. The Company also competes with numerous smaller owners and operators of vacation ownership resorts and from alternative lodging options available to consumers through both traditional methods of delivery as well as new web portals and applications, including private rentals of homes, apartments or condominium units, which have increased in popularity in recent years. The Company s ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain customers depends on its customers satisfaction with its products and services as well as on distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of its products and services from those offered by its competitors . Seasonality The Company has historically experienced, and expects to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in its revenues and results of operations. This seasonality has resulted, and may continue to result, in fluctuations in quarterly operating results. Due to consumer travel patterns, the Company typically experiences more tours and higher VOI sales volume during the second and third quarters. 

 22 

Human Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 5,924 employees, 558 of whom were assigned at its headquarters in Boca Raton, Florida. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 30 of the Company s employees were covered by two collective bargaining agreements which address the terms and conditions of their employment, including pay rates, working hours, certain employee benefits and procedures for settlement of labor disputes. The Company believes that its employee relations are good. The performance of the Company s employees is important to achievement of the Company s business objectives. The Company seeks to offer market competitive compensation and benefit programs for its employees in an effort to attract and retain superior talent. In addition to competitive base wages, additional programs include incentive compensation plans, including long-term incentive plans, a company matched 401(k) plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, a tuition assistance program, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, and employee assistance programs. The Company is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment that supports its workforce and the communities it serves. It is the Company s policy to seek to hire the best qualified employees regardless of gender, ethnicity or other protected characteristics and to fully comply with all laws relating to discrimination in the workplace. Where You Can Find More Information The Company s website address is www.bvhcorp.com. Information on, or that may be accessed through, the Company s website is not incorporated by reference herein, and references to the website URL of the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. The Company files or furnishes reports and other documents with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy and information statements, as well as amendments to these reports and documents as applicable. Copies of these reports and documents are available free of charge on the Company s website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished with the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov where you can access free of charge the reports and other documents we file or furnish with the SEC. 

 23 

Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company is subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to Bluegreen s business and to the ownership and value of the Company s stock, and general business, economic, financing, legal, regulatory, and other factors and conditions. In addition, new risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to either predict all risk factors or assess all potential impacts of any factor, or combination of factors. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and actual results and events may differ substantially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. BVH is a holding company and relies primarily on dividends from Bluegreen to fund its operations and to service its debt, including its note payable to BBX Capital. All of BVH s operations and activities relate to the operations and activities of Bluegreen, and BVH will rely primarily on dividends from Bluegreen to service its debt and to fund its other cash requirements. In connection with its spin-off of BBX Capital, its former wholly owned subsidiary, on September 30, 2020, the Company issued a 75.0 million promissory note in favor of BBX Capital. In 2021, the Company repaid 25.0 million of the note payable to BBX Capital, leaving a balance of 50.0 million as of December 31, 2022. The note payable to BBX Capital accrues interest at a rate of 6 per annum and requires payments of interest on a quarterly basis; provided, however, that interest payments may be deferred at the option of the Company, with interest on the entire outstanding balance thereafter to accrue at a cumulative, compounded rate of 8 per annum until such time as the Company is current on all accrued payments under the note, including deferred interest. All outstanding amounts under the note will become due and payable in September 2025 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company s indebtedness at the holding company level also includes 65.4 million of junior subordinated debentures issued by Woodbridge Holdings Corporation Woodbridge ), the wholly owned subsidiary through which the Company holds its investment in Bluegreen. Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures accrue interest at a rate of 3-month LIBOR plus a spread ranging from 3.80 to 3.85 , mature between 2035 and 2036, and require payments of interest on a quarterly basis. The Company may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. The Company s indebtedness increases its vulnerability to adverse economic conditions, as well as conditions in the credit markets generally, and may limit funds available for other purposes, including for acquisitions or investments, to pay dividends, and for other general corporate purposes. It is currently expected that BVH will incur approximately 2.0 million annually in executive compensation and public company costs and annual interest expense of approximately 7.0 million to 7.5 million associated with Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures and the note payable to BBX Capital. These amounts are estimates only and are based on current expectations and assumptions, currently available information and, with respect to interest expense on Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures, interest rates as of December 31, 2022. Such assumptions and expectations may not prove to be accurate, interest rates may continue to increase and, accordingly, actual expenses may exceed the amounts expected. In addition, BVH may incur additional expenses. BVH will be dependent on the payment of distributions by Bluegreen to fund its operations and satisfy its debt service requirements and other liabilities, including its note payable to BBX Capital. BVH may also in the future seek additional funds from third party sources, including traditional bank financing, secured or unsecured indebtedness, or the issuance of equity and/or debt securities. However, these alternatives may not be available to BVH on attractive terms, in the amounts needed, or at all including, without limitation, due to rising interest rates. There is no assurance that Bluegreen will be in a position to, or will otherwise be permitted (including due to restrictions set forth in its debt instruments), to pay dividends to BVH in the amounts necessary to fund its debt service or other obligations, or at all. The inability to receive distributions from Bluegreen or to obtain funds from third party sources would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. Alan B. Levan, John E. Abdo, Jarett S. Levan and Seth M. Wise s control position may adversely affect the market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 

 24 

Alan B. Levan, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, John E. Abdo, the Vice Chairman of the Company, Jarett S. Levan, the son of Mr. Alan Levan, and a director of the Company, and Seth M. Wise, a director of the Company, currently collectively beneficially own 6 of the Company s Class A Common Stock and 75 of the Company s Class B Common Stock which in the aggregate represent approximately 81 of the total voting power of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Because holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote as a single class on most matters, including the election of directors, as described below, Mr. Alan Levan, Mr. Abdo, Mr. Jarett Levan and Mr. Wise, without the vote or consent of any other shareholder of the Company, have the voting power to elect the Company s directors and to control the outcome of any other vote of the Company s shareholders, except in limited circumstances where Florida law mandates that the holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock vote as a separate class. This control position may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. In addition, their interests may conflict with the interests of the Company s other shareholders. The Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide for fixed relative voting percentages between the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. The Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide for holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock to generally vote together as a single class, including with respect to the election of directors, with holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock possessing in the aggregate 22 of the total voting power of all common stock and holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock possessing in the aggregate the remaining 78 of the total voting power. These relative voting percentages will remain fixed unless the number of shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to 360,000 shares, at which time the aggregate voting power of the Company s Class A Common Stock will increase to 40 and the aggregate voting power of the Company s Class B Common Stock will decrease to 60 . If the number of shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to 280,000 shares, then the aggregate voting power of the Company s Class A Common Stock will increase to 53 and the aggregate voting power of the Company s Class B Common Stock will decrease to 47 . If the number of shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to 100,000 shares, then the fixed voting percentages will be eliminated and each share of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share. The share thresholds set forth above are subject to equitable adjustment to reflect any stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction. The changes in the relative voting power represented by each class of the Company s common stock are based only on the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding, thus issuances of Class A Common Stock will have no effect on these provisions. If additional shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock are issued without a comparative increase in the number of outstanding shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, the disparity between the equity interest represented by the Company s Class B Common Stock and its voting power will widen. In addition, shareholders who hold shares of both the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, including Alan B. Levan, John E. Abdo, Jarett S. Levan and Seth M. Wise are able to sell shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock without affecting in any material respect their overall voting interest. The fixed voting percentages between the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock may have an adverse impact on the market price of such securities. Provisions in the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and provisions of Florida law may make it difficult for a third party to acquire the Company and could impact the price of, or otherwise adversely impact, the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. The Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent a change of control of the Company or its management. These provisions could make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. As a result, these provisions could limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. These provisions include: the provisions in the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation regarding the special voting rights of the Company s Class B Common Stock; subject to the special class voting rights of the Company s Class B Common Stock under certain circumstances, the authority of the Company s Board of Directors to issue additional shares of common or 

 25 

preferred stock and to fix the relative rights and preferences of the preferred stock without shareholder approval, as described in further detail below; and advance notice procedures to be complied with by shareholders in order to make shareholder proposals or nominate directors. Further, due to the control position of Mr. Alan Levan, Mr. Abdo, Mr. Jarett Levan and Mr. Wise with respect to the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, as described above, a change of control or sale of the Company, or any other action which requires the affirmative vote of holders of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock representing a majority of the voting power of such stock, will be impossible without the consent of Mr. Alan Levan, Mr. Abdo, Mr. Jarett Levan and Mr. Wise, and Mr. Alan Levan, Mr. Abdo, Mr. Jarett Levan and Mr. Wise s interests may conflict with the interests of the Company s other shareholders. Additionally, pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Florida law, except as may be required by applicable securities exchange rules and subject to the separate voting rights of the Company s Class B Common Stock in certain circumstances, the Company s Board of Directors may, without the consent of the Company s shareholders, approve the issuance of authorized but unissued shares of the Company s securities and fix the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. If the Company issues additional shares of its Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or other securities, its shareholders would experience dilution. In addition, any preferred stock declared and issued could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock or otherwise adversely affect the holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, including the likelihood that holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock would receive dividend payments and payments on liquidation, or the amounts thereof. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, financing transactions and other corporate purposes, could also, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other corporate actions, and might adversely affect the market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. Preferred stock may also be issued, or reserved for issuance, in connection with the adoption of a shareholder rights plan, which may have anti-takeover effects. A shareholder rights plan may be adopted by the Company s Board of Directors without shareholder approval or consent. In addition, as a Florida corporation, the Company is subject to the provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act (the FBCA ), including those limiting the voting rights of control shares. Under the FBCA, subject to certain exceptions, including mergers and acquisitions effected in accordance with the FBCA, the holder of control shares of a Florida corporation that has (i) 100 or more shareholders, (ii) its principal place of business, its principal office or substantial assets in Florida and (iii) either more than 10 of its shareholders residing in Florida, more than 10 of its shares owned by Florida residents or 1,000 shareholders residing in Florida, will not have the right to vote those shares unless the acquisition of the shares was approved by a majority of each class of voting securities of the corporation, excluding those shares held by interested persons. Control shares are defined in the FBCA as shares acquired by a person, either directly or indirectly, that when added to all other shares of the issuing corporation owned by that person, would entitle that person to exercise, either directly or indirectly, voting power within any of the following ranges: (i) 20 or more but less than 33 of all voting power of the corporation s voting securities; (ii) 33 or more but less than a majority of all voting power of the corporation s voting securities; or (iii) a majority or more of all of the voting power of the corporation s voting securities. Acquisitions pursued by the Company may reduce earnings, require it to obtain additional financing and expose it to additional risks. The Company may in the future pursue acquisitions or strategic investments. To the extent pursued and completed, acquisitions and investments may not result in the benefits anticipated or otherwise prove to be successful. Acquisitions or investments will also expose the Company to the risks of the businesses acquired or invested in and entail numerous other risks, including, but not limited to: risks associated with achieving profitability; diversion of management attention; integration difficulties; 

 26 

losses and unforeseen expenses or liabilities; risks associated with entering new markets, if applicable; the potential loss of key employees or management; and risks associated with transferred assets and liabilities. In addition, there may be significant competition for investments and acquisitions, which could increase the costs associated with the investment or acquisition. Substantial costs would be incurred in connection with the evaluation of potential acquisition and investment opportunities whether or not the acquisition or investment is ultimately consummated. Further, the funding of such investments or acquisitions may require additional debt or equity financing. If the Company requires additional financing in the future, the financing may not be available when needed or on favorable terms, if at all. Additionally, the Company does not intend to seek shareholder approval of any investments or acquisitions unless required by law or regulation, including applicable securities exchange rules, or by the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. Future sales of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may cause the market price of such securities to decline. Substantial sales of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, including sales of shares by controlling shareholders and management, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the market prices of such securities. Management has in the past and may in the future enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans pursuant to which a significant number of shares are sold into the open market. In addition, as described above, due to the fixed voting percentages of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock of 22 and 78 , respectively, holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock who also own shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, including Alan B. Levan, John E. Abdo, Jarett S. Levan and Seth M. Wise, may sell a significant number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock that they own without significantly decreasing their voting power. The Company s Bylaws contain an exclusive forum provision, which could impair the ability of shareholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for certain disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees and be cost-prohibitive to shareholders. The Company s Bylaws contain an exclusive forum provision which provides that, unless its Board of Directors consents to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court located in Broward County, Florida (or, if such Circuit Court does not have jurisdiction, another Circuit Court located within Florida or, if no Circuit Court located within Florida has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the Southern District of Florida) will be the sole and exclusive forum for Covered Proceedings, which include: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on the Company s behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of the Company s directors, officers or other employees to the Company or its shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the FBCA, or the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (in each case, as may be amended or amended and restated from time to time); and (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Florida. To the extent within the categories set forth in the preceding sentence, Covered Proceedings include causes of action under the Exchange Act and the Securities Act. The exclusive forum provision will also provide that if any Covered Proceeding is filed in a court other than a court located within Florida in the name of any shareholder, then such shareholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within Florida in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the exclusive forum provision and (b) having service of process made upon such shareholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such shareholder s counsel in the action as agent for such shareholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shareholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees or be cost-prohibitive to shareholders, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company or its directors, officers and other employees. However, there is uncertainty regarding whether a court would enforce the exclusive forum provision. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and operating results. 

 27 

The Company may not pay regular quarterly dividends on its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock in the future. During each of the second, third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company paid regular quarterly cash dividends on its Class A and Class B Common Stock of 0.15 per share. While the Company expects to continue to pay regular cash dividends and the Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.20 per share during February 2023, there is no assurance that the Company will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends, whether on a regular basis, in amounts consistent with historical amounts, or at all . The payments of dividends by the Company , if any, will depend on many factors considered by its Board of Directors, including, without limitation, the Company s financial condition and results of operations, liquidity requirements, market opportunities, and contractual constraints. The terms of the Company s indebtedness may also restrict it from paying cash dividends on its stock under certain circumstances. Risks Related to Bluegreen s Business and the Vacation Ownership Industry Bluegreen is subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the vacation ownership industry, any of which could adversely impact the Company s business, prospects and results. Bluegreen is subject to a number of business, financial and operating risks inherent to the vacation ownership industry, including, without limitation: macroeconomic factors and other risks associated with real estate and real estate development, as described in further detail below are under Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry and Real Estate Development significant competition from other vacation ownership businesses and hospitality and alternative lodging providers; market and/or consumer perception of vacation ownership companies and the industry in general; increases in operating and other costs (as a result of inflation, labor and supply shortages, rising interest rates, or otherwise), including marketing costs, employee compensation and benefits, interest expense and insurance, which may not be offset by price or fee increases in Bluegreen s business; Bluegreen s ability to maintain, enhance or expand, or achieve the benefits achieved from, its marketing arrangements and relationships; changes in taxes and governmental regulations, including those that influence or set wages, prices, interest rates or construction and maintenance procedures and costs; the costs and efforts associated with complying with applicable laws and regulations, and the costs and consequences of non-compliance; risks related to the development or acquisition of resorts and inventory, including delays in, or cancellations of, planned or future resort development or inventory acquisition activities; shortages of labor or labor disruptions and increases in the cost of labor; the availability and cost of capital necessary for Bluegreen and third-party developers with whom Bluegreen does business to fund investments and capital expenditures and to service debt obligations; Bluegreen s ability to securitize the receivables that Bluegreen originates in connection with VOI sales; relationships with and the performance and the financial condition of third-party developers with whom Bluegreen does business; relationships with the Vacation Club owners and HOAs; changes in the supply and demand for Bluegreen s products and services; lack of security over, or unauthorized access to, customer or Company records; private resales of VOIs and the sale of VOIs in the secondary market; the increased presence and effort of timeshare-exit firms and their impact on borrower default rates; and unlawful or deceptive third-party VOI resale, cease and desist, or vacation package sales schemes, and reputational risk associated therewith. Any of these factors could increase Bluegreen s costs, limit or reduce the prices Bluegreen is able to charge for its products and services, adversely affect Bluegreen s ability to develop or acquire new resorts, or otherwise adversely impact Bluegreen s business, prospects and results. 

 28 

The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse effect on Bluegreen s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and a resurgence or future pandemic or public health crisis may have similar or more effects . The COVID-19 pandemic caused an unprecedented disruption in the U.S. and global economies and the industries in which Bluegreen operates. These disruptions and the reaction of the general public to the pandemic had a significant adverse impact on Bluegreen s financial condition and operations throughout 2020, including, without limitation, due to the temporary closure beginning in March 2020 of all of Bluegreen s VOI sales centers, its retail marketing operations at Bass Pro Shops and Cabela s stores and outlet malls, and its Choice Hotels call transfer program, Bluegreen s cancellation of existing owner reservations through May 15, 2020 and new prospect guest tours through June 30, 2020, and the temporary closure of certain of Bluegreen s Club Resorts and Club Associate Resorts in accordance with government mandates and advisories. Bluegreen results and operations continued to be negatively affected, albeit to a lesser extent, in 2021. While conditions have continued to improve, any resurgence of the pandemic or future pandemic or public health crisis may have similar or worse effects. In addition, Bluegreen has historically financed a majority of its sales of VOIs, and accordingly, is subject to the risk of defaults by its customers. Bluegreen continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its default or delinquency rates. Accordingly, and due to other risks and uncertainties associated with assumptions and changing market conditions, Bluegreen s allowance for loan losses may not prove to be accurate and may be increased in future periods, which would adversely impact its operating results for those periods. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in, and any future public health crisis may result in, instability and volatility in the financial markets. Bluegreen s ability to borrow against or sell its VOI notes receivable has historically been a critical factor in its liquidity. If Bluegreen is unable to renew credit facilities or obtain new credit facilities, its business, results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition may be materially, adversely impacted. Bluegreen s business and properties are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies. Changes in these laws, regulations and policies, as well as the cost of complying with new or existing laws, regulations and policies and the imposition of additional taxes on operations, as well as new cell phone technologies that automatically identify or block marketing vendor calls, could adversely affect Bluegreen s business. Further, jurisdictions are increasingly seeking to identify additional sources of tax revenue and results of audits of Bluegreen s tax returns or those of its subsidiaries may also have a material adverse impact on its financial condition. The federal government and the state and local jurisdictions in which Bluegreen operates have enacted extensive regulations that affect the manner in which Bluegreen markets and sells VOIs and conducts its other business operations. In addition, federal, state and local regulators may enact new laws and regulations that may adversely affect Bluegreen s results or require Bluegreen to modify its business practices substantially. Many states, including Florida and South Carolina, where certain of Bluegreen s resorts are located, extensively regulate VOI and timeshare-related activities, including the sale of VOIs, the creation and management of resorts, the marketing and sale of properties, the escrow of purchaser funds prior to the completion of construction and closing, the content and use of advertising materials and promotional offers, the delivery of an offering memorandum and the creation and operation of exchange programs and multi-site timeshare plan reservation systems. Moreover, with regard to sales conducted in South Carolina, the closing of real estate and mortgage loan transactions must be conducted under the supervision of an attorney licensed in South Carolina and otherwise in accordance with South Carolina s Timesharing Transaction Procedures Act. Most states also have other laws that are applicable to Bluegreen s activities, such as timeshare project registration laws, real estate licensure laws, mortgage licensure laws, sellers of travel licensure laws, anti-fraud laws, consumer protection laws, telemarketing laws, prize, gift and sweepstakes laws, and consumer credit laws. Bluegreen s management of, and dealings with, HOAs, including its purchase of defaulted inventory from HOAs in connection with its secondary market sales, are also subject to state laws and resort rules and regulations, including those with respect to the establishment of budgets and expenditures, rule-making, and the imposition of maintenance assessments. 

 29 

Bluegreen is authorized to market and sell VOIs in all locations at which its marketing and sales activities are conducted. If Bluegreen s agents or employees violate applicable regulations or licensing requirements, their acts or omissions could cause the states where the violations occurred to revoke or refuse to renew Bluegreen s licenses, render its sales contracts void or voidable, or impose fines on Bluegreen based on past activities. In addition, the federal government and the state and local jurisdictions in which Bluegreen conducts business have generally enacted extensive regulations relating to direct marketing and telemarketing, including the federal government s national do not call list, the making of marketing and related calls to cell phone users, a significant development in light of cell phone usage becoming the primary method of communication, the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. These regulations, as well as international data protection laws, have impacted Bluegreen s marketing of VOIs. While Bluegreen has taken steps designed to achieve compliance with applicable regulations, these steps are expected to continue to increase Bluegreen s marketing costs and may not prevent failures in compliance. Additionally, adoption of new state or federal laws regulating marketing and solicitation, new case law, and changes to existing laws, could adversely affect current or planned marketing activities and cause Bluegreen to change its marketing strategy. If this occurs, Bluegreen may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could affect the amount and timing of its VOI sales. Bluegreen cannot predict the impact that these legislative initiatives or any other legislative measures that may be proposed or enacted in the future may have on its marketing strategies and results. Further, from time to time, complaints are filed against Bluegreen by individuals claiming that they received calls in violation of applicable regulations. See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Technology advances, including new cellphone technologies that automatically identify or block marketing vendor calls, may also adversely impact Bluegreen s telemarketing efforts or otherwise cause Bluegreen to change its marketing strategy. Most states have taxed VOIs as real estate, imposing property taxes that are billed to the respective HOAs that maintain the related resorts, and have not sought to impose sales tax upon the sale of the VOI or accommodations tax upon the use of the VOI. From time to time, however, various states have attempted to promulgate new laws or apply existing laws impacting the taxation of VOIs to require that sales or accommodations taxes be collected. Should new state or local laws be implemented or interpreted to impose sales or accommodations taxes on VOIs, Bluegreen s business could be materially adversely affected. From time to time in the ordinary course of Bluegreen s business, consumers file complaints against Bluegreen. Bluegreen may be required to incur significant costs to resolve these complaints or enter into consents with regulators regarding its activities, including requiring the refund of all or a portion of the purchase price paid by the customer for the VOI. If Bluegreen is found to have not complied with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, such violations may have adverse implications on Bluegreen, including rendering its VOI sales contracts void or voidable, negative publicity, potential litigation and regulatory fines or other sanctions. The expense, negative publicity and potential sanctions associated with any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on Bluegreen s business, results of operations or financial position. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Accessibility Guidelines promulgated thereunder (collectively, the ADA ), all public accommodations, including Bluegreen s properties, must meet various federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Compliance with the ADA s requirements could require removal of access barriers or other renovations, and non-compliance could result in the imposition of fines or penalties, or awards of damages, against Bluegreen. Bluegreen s properties are also subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. Further, various laws govern Bluegreen s resort management activities, including laws and regulations regarding community association management, public lodging, food and beverage services, liquor licensing, labor, employment, health care, health and safety, accessibility, discrimination, immigration, and the environment (including climate change). Bluegreen s lending activities are also subject to a number of laws and regulations, including laws and regulations related to consumer loans, retail installment contracts, mortgage lending, fair debt collection and credit reporting practices, consumer collection practices, contacting debtors by telephone, mortgage disclosure, lender licenses and money laundering. The Consumer Finance Protection Bureau, created under the Dodd-Frank Act, has emphasized new regulatory focus on areas of Bluegreen s business such as consumer mortgage servicing and debt collection, 

 30 

credit reporting and consumer financial disclosures, all of which affect the manner in which Bluegreen may provide financing to the purchasers of its VOIs and conduct its lending and loan servicing operations. The vacation ownership and hospitality industries are highly competitive, and Bluegreen may not be able to compete successfully. Bluegreen competes with various high profile and well-established operators, many of which have greater liquidity and financial resources than Bluegreen. Many of the world s most recognized lodging, hospitality and entertainment companies develop and sell timeshare units or VOIs in resort properties. Bluegreen also competes with numerous smaller owners and operators of vacation ownership resorts and also face competition from alternative lodging options available to consumers through both traditional methods of delivery as well as new web portals and applications, including private rentals of homes, apartments or condominium units, which have increased in popularity in recent years. Bluegreen s ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain customers depends on its customers satisfaction with Bluegreen s products and services as well as on distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of Bluegreen s products and services from those offered by its competitors. Customer dissatisfaction with experiences at Bluegreen s resorts or otherwise as a Vacation Club owner, including due to an inability to use points for desired stays, could result in negative publicity and/or a decrease in sales, or otherwise adversely impact Bluegreen s ability to successfully compete in the vacation ownership and hospitality industries. Bluegreen may not be able to timely and sufficiently identify and remediate the cause of customer dissatisfaction. Any of these events could materially and adversely impact Bluegreen s operating results and financial condition. There are risks associated with Bluegreen s strategic partnerships and arrangements. Bluegreen generates a significant portion of its new sales prospects and leads through arrangements with various third parties, including Bass Pro and Choice Hotels. Bluegreen has an exclusive marketing agreement through 2024 with Bass Pro that provides the Company with the right to market and sell vacation packages at kiosks in each of Bass Pro s retail locations and through other means. VOI sales to prospects and leads generated by Bluegreen s marketing arrangement with Bass Pro accounted for approximately 17 and 19 of Bluegreen s VOI sales volume during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If Bluegreen s significant marketing arrangements, do not generate a sufficient number of prospects and leads, are terminated or not renewed, or is limited or changed in a manner adversely affecting Bluegreen s operations, Bluegreen may not be able to market and sell its products and services to new owners at current sales levels, at anticipated levels or at levels required in order to offset the costs associated with its marketing efforts. In addition, any new arrangements or extensions of existing agreements may not be as profitable, or otherwise result in the benefits anticipated. Bluegreen s business and results may be impacted if financing is not available on favorable terms, or at all. In connection with VOI sales, Bluegreen generally offers financing to the purchaser of up to 90 of the purchase price of the VOI. However, Bluegreen incurs selling, marketing and administrative cash expenses prior to and concurrent with the sale. These costs, along with the cost of the underlying VOI, generally exceed the down payment received at the time of the sale. Accordingly, Bluegreen s ability to borrow against or sell its notes receivable has historically been a critical factor in Bluegreen s continued liquidity, and Bluegreen therefore has depended on funds from its credit facilities and securitization transactions to finance its operations. If Bluegreen s pledged receivables facilities terminate or expire and Bluegreen is unable to extend them or replace them with comparable facilities, or if Bluegreen is unable to continue to participate in securitization-type transactions and warehouse facilities on acceptable terms, its liquidity, cash flow and profitability would be materially and adversely affected. Credit market disruptions have in the past adversely impacted the willingness of banks and other finance companies to provide warehouse lines of credit for VOI notes receivable and resulted from time to time in the term securitization market being unavailable. Future credit market disruptions may have similar effects or otherwise make obtaining additional and replacement external sources of liquidity more difficult and more costly, if available at all. In addition, financing for real estate acquisition and development and the capital markets for corporate debt is cyclical. While Bluegreen has increased its focus on encouraging higher down payments in connection with sales, there is no assurance that this initiative will enhance its financial position or otherwise be successful in the long-term. 

 31 

Bluegreen anticipates that it will continue to seek and use external sources of liquidity, including borrowings under its existing credit facilities, under credit facilities that Bluegreen may obtain in the future, under securitizations in which Bluegreen may participate in the future or pursuant to other borrowing arrangements, to: support Bluegreen s operations and, subject to declaration by its board of directors and contractual limitations, including limitations contained in its credit facilities, pay dividends; finance the acquisition and development of VOI inventory or property and equipment; finance a substantial percentage of its sales; and satisfy its debt and other obligations. Bluegreen s ability to service or refinance its indebtedness or to obtain additional financing (including Bluegreen s ability to consummate future term securitizations) depends on the credit markets and on Bluegreen s future performance, which is subject to a number of factors, including the success of its business, its results of operations, leverage, financial condition and business prospects, prevailing interest rates, general economic conditions, the performance of its receivables portfolio, and perceptions about the vacation ownership and real estate industries. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen had 25.8 million of indebtedness scheduled to become due during 2023. Historically, much of its debt has been renewed or refinanced in the ordinary course of business. However, there is no assurance that Bluegreen will be able to renew, extend or refinance all or any portion of its outstanding debt or otherwise obtain sufficient external sources of liquidity, in each case, on attractive terms, including due to rising interest rates, or at all. If Bluegreen is unable to do so, its liquidity and financial condition may be materially, adversely impacted. In addition, Bluegreen has historically entered into arrangements with third-party developers pursuant to which Bluegreen sells the developer s VOI inventory for a fee. These arrangements enable Bluegreen to generate fees from the marketing and sales services Bluegreen provides, and in certain cases from its provision of management services, without requiring Bluegreen to fund development and acquisition costs. If these third-party developers are not able to obtain or maintain financing, Bluegreen may not be in a position to enter into these fee-based arrangements or have access to VOI inventory when anticipated, which could adversely impact Bluegreen s results. Bluegreen would suffer substantial losses and its liquidity position could be adversely impacted if an increasing number of customers to whom Bluegreen has provided financing default on their obligations. Adverse conditions in the mortgage industry, including credit availability, borrowers financial profiles, prepayment rates, inflation and other factors outside of Bluegreen s control may increase the default rates Bluegreen experiences or otherwise negatively impact the performance of its notes receivable. In addition, in recent years, third parties have been discouraging certain borrowers from staying current on Bluegreen s note payments. Although in many cases Bluegreen may have recourse against a buyer for the unpaid purchase price, certain states have laws that limit Bluegreen s ability to recover personal judgments against customers who have defaulted on Bluegreen s loans or Bluegreen may determine that the cost of doing so may not be justified. Historically, Bluegreen had generally not pursued such recourse against its customers. In the case of Bluegreen s notes receivable secured by VOIs, if Bluegreen is unable to collect the defaulted amount due, Bluegreen traditionally terminated the customer s interest in the Vacation Club and then remarketed the recovered VOI. Irrespective of its remedy in the event of a default, Bluegreen cannot recover the marketing, selling and administrative costs associated with the original sale and such costs generally exceed the cash received by Bluegreen from the buyer at the time of the sale. In addition, Bluegreen will need to incur such costs again in order to resell the VOI. Bluegreen updates its estimates of such future losses each quarter, and consequently, the charge against sales in a particular period may be impacted, favorably or unfavorably, by a change in expected losses related to notes originated in prior periods. In addition, defaults may cause buyers of, or lenders whose loans are secured by, Bluegreen s VOI notes receivable to reduce the amount of availability or advance rates under receivables purchase and credit facilities, or result in an increase in the interest costs associated with such facilities. In such an event, the cost of financing may increase and Bluegreen may not be able to secure replacement or alternative financing on terms acceptable to Bluegreen, if at all, which would adversely affect Bluegreen s earnings, financial position and liquidity. Bluegreen s VOI notes receivable financing facilities could be adversely affected if a particular VOI note receivable pool fails to meet certain performance ratios, which could occur if the default rate or other credit metrics of the 

 32 

underlying VOI notes receivable deteriorate. In addition, if Bluegreen offers financing to purchasers of VOIs with terms longer than those generally offered in the industry, Bluegreen may not be able to securitize those VOI financing receivables. Bluegreen s ability to sell securities backed by its VOI notes receivable depends on the continued ability and willingness of capital market participants to invest in such securities. Asset-backed securities issued in its term securitization transactions could be downgraded by credit agencies in the future. If a downgrade occurs, Bluegreen s ability to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable terms or at all could be jeopardized, and it could be forced to rely on other potentially more expensive and less attractive funding sources, to the extent available. Similarly, if other operators of vacation ownership products were to experience significant financial difficulties, or if the vacation ownership industry as a whole were to contract, Bluegreen could experience difficulty in securing funding on acceptable terms. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely impact Bluegreen s business and results, including, without limitation, by reducing the amount of financing Bluegreen is able to provide to VOI purchasers, which in turn may result in a decrease in VOI sales. In addition, under the terms of Bluegreen s pledged and receivable sale facilities, Bluegreen may be required, under certain circumstances, to replace receivables or to pay down the loan to within permitted loan-to-value ratios. Additionally, the terms of Bluegreen s securitization transactions require it to repurchase or replace loans in the event of a breach of any of the representations and warranties Bluegreen made at the time it sold the receivables. These agreements also often include terms providing for substantially all of its cash flow from Bluegreen s retained interest in the receivable portfolios sold to be paid to the parties who purchased the receivables from Bluegreen in the event of defaults or delinquencies by customers in excess of stated thresholds, or if other performance thresholds are not met. The ratings of third-party rating agencies could adversely impact Bluegreen s ability to obtain, renew or extend credit facilities, or otherwise raise funds. Rating agencies from time to time review prior specific transaction ratings in light of tightened ratings criteria. Further, specific securitization transactions are reviewed by third-party rating agencies. If rating agencies were to downgrade Bluegreen s original ratings on certain bond classes in Bluegreen s securitizations, holders of such bonds may be required to sell bonds in the marketplace, and such sales could occur at a discount, which could impact the perceived value of the bonds and Bluegreen s ability to sell future bonds on favorable terms or at all. While Bluegreen is not aware of any reasonably likely downgrades to the ratings of bond classes in its securitizations, such ratings changes can occur without advance notice. Bluegreen s future success depends on its ability to market it s products and services successfully and efficiently, and Bluegreen s marketing expenses have increased and may continue to increase in the future. As previously described, Bluegreen competes for customers with hotel and resort properties, other vacation ownership resorts and alternative lodging options, including private rentals of homes, apartments or condominium units. The identification of sales prospects and leads, and the marketing of Bluegreen s products and services to them are essential to Bluegreen s success. Bluegreen incurs expenses associated with marketing programs in advance of the closing of sales. If Bluegreen s lead identification and marketing efforts do not yield sufficient leads or Bluegreen is unable to successfully convert sales leads to sales, Bluegreen may be unable to recover the expense of its marketing programs and systems and its business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. In addition, as a part of its business, Bluegreen focuses its marketing efforts on selling to new customers, which typically involves a relatively higher marketing cost compared to sales to existing owners. If Bluegreen is not successful in offsetting any increased cost with greater sales revenue, its operating results and financial condition would be adversely impacted. In addition, Bluegreen s marketing efforts and changes in marketing strategies, including the restructuring of certain marketing operations during December 2022, may not be successful and are subject to the risk of changing consumer behavior. Changes in consumer behavior may adversely impact the effectiveness of marketing efforts and strategies which Bluegreen has in place and it may be difficult to timely and effectively respond to such changes. If Bluegreen is unable to develop or acquire VOI inventory or enter into and maintain fee-based service agreements or other arrangements to source VOI inventory, its business and results would be adversely impacted. In addition to developed or acquired VOIs, Bluegreen sources VOIs through fee-based service agreements with third-party developers and through JIT and secondary market arrangements. If Bluegreen is unable to develop or acquire 

 33 

resorts at the levels or in the time frames anticipated, or is unsuccessful in entering into agreements with third-party developers or others to source VOI inventory, Bluegreen may experience a decline in VOI supply or an increase in VOI cost, which could have a negative impact on its results and operations and/or a decrease in sales. Rising interest rates may also adversely effect the development or acquisitions of VOI inventory on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, a decline in VOI sales could result in a decrease in financing revenue that is generated by VOI sales and fee and rental revenue that is generated by Bluegreen s management services. Bluegreen s fee-based sales and marketing arrangements, and JIT and secondary market sales activities, may not be successful or profitable, which would have an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. Bluegreen offers fee-based marketing, sales, resort management and other services to third-party developers, which Bluegreen believes enables it to leverage its expertise in sales and marketing, resort management, mortgage servicing, construction management and title services. Bluegreen intends to continue these activities as such activities generally produce positive cash flow and typically require less capital investment than its traditional vacation ownership business. Bluegreen has attempted to structure these activities to cover its costs and generate a profit. Sales of third-party developers VOIs must generate sufficient cash to comply with the terms of Bluegreen s financing obligations as well as to pay the fees or commissions due to Bluegreen. The third-party developers may not be able to obtain or maintain financing necessary to meet Bluegreen s requirements, which could impact its ability to sell the developers inventory. While Bluegreen could attempt to utilize other arrangements, including JIT arrangements, where Bluegreen would utilize its receivable credit facilities in order to provide fee-based marketing and sales services, this would reduce the credit otherwise available to Bluegreen and impact profitability. When Bluegreen performs fee-based sales and marketing services, it sells VOIs in resorts developed by third parties as an interest in the Vacation Club. This subjects Bluegreen to a number of risks typically associated with selling products developed by others under its own brand name, including litigation risks. Further, these arrangements may expose Bluegreen to additional risk as Bluegreen does not control development activities or the timing of development completion. If third parties with whom it enters into agreements are not able to fulfill their obligations to Bluegreen or otherwise meet agreed-upon specifications, the inventory Bluegreen expects to acquire or market and sell on their behalf may not be available when expected or at all. Further, if these third parties do not perform as expected and Bluegreen does not have access to the expected inventory or obtain access to inventory from alternative sources on a timely basis, its ability to maintain or increase sales levels would be adversely impacted. Bluegreen also acquires VOI inventory through secondary market arrangements which require low levels of capital deployment. Bluegreen acquires VOI inventory from Bluegreen s resorts HOAs, generally on a non-committed basis, in close proximity to the timing of when it intends to sell such VOIs. VOIs purchased from HOAs are typically obtained by the HOAs through foreclosure in connection with maintenance fee defaults and are generally acquired by Bluegreen at a discount. While Bluegreen intends to maintain its secondary market sales efforts in the future, it may not be successful in doing so, and these efforts may not result in achieving anticipated results. Further Bluegreen s secondary market sales activities may subject it to negative publicity, which could adversely impact its reputation and business. Bluegreen is subject to certain risks associated with its management of resort properties. Through Bluegreen s management of resorts and ownership of VOIs, Bluegreen is subject to certain risks related to the physical condition and operation of the managed resort properties in its network, including: the presence of construction or repair defects or other structural or building damage at any of these resorts, or resorts Bluegreen may develop in the future; any noncompliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health or safety regulations or requirements or building permit requirements relating to these resorts; any costs or damage to physical assets or interruption of access to physical assets or operations resulting from an outbreak of contagious diseases, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, or from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and windstorms, which may increase in frequency or severity due to climate change or other factors; and claims by employees, members and their guests for injuries sustained on these resort properties. 

 34 

Some of these risks may be more significant in connection with the properties for which Bluegreen recently acquired management agreements, particularly any management agreements which were acquired from operators in financial distress. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs as a result of any of the foregoing, Bluegreen may be forced to incur significant costs. Additionally, a number of U.S. federal, state and local laws, including the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988 and the ADA, impose requirements related to access to and use by disabled persons of a variety of public accommodations and facilities. A determination that Bluegreen managed resorts are subject to, and that they are not in compliance with, these accessibility laws could result in a judicial order requiring compliance, imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. If one of its managed resorts was required to make significant improvements as a result of non-compliance with these accessibility laws, assessments might be needed to fund such improvements, which additional costs may cause Bluegreen s VOI owners to default on its consumer loans from Bluegreen or cease making required maintenance fee or assessment payments. Also, to the extent that Bluegreen holds interests in a particular resort, Bluegreen would be responsible for its pro rata share of the costs of such improvements. In addition, any new legislation may impose further burdens or restrictions on property owners with respect to access by disabled persons. The resort properties that Bluegreen manages are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, natural resources and worker health and safety, including laws and regulations governing and creating liability relating to the management, storage and disposal of hazardous substances and other regulated materials and the cleanup of contaminated sites. The resorts are also subject to various environmental laws and regulations that govern certain aspects of Bluegreen s ongoing operations. These laws and regulations control such things as the nature and volume of wastewater discharges, quality of water supply and waste management practices. To the extent that Bluegreen holds interests in a particular resort, Bluegreen would be responsible for its pro rata share of losses sustained by such resort as a result of a violation of any such laws and regulations. In addition, Bluegreen may from time to time have disagreements with VOI owners and HOAs relating to the management services it provides. Failure to resolve such disagreements may result in litigation and additional costs. Further, disagreements with HOAs could also result in the loss of management contracts, which would negatively affect its revenue and results, and may also have an adverse impact on its ability to generate sales from existing VOI owners. Bluegreen s management contracts are typically structured as cost-plus, with an initial term of three years and automatic one year renewals. If a management contract is terminated or not renewed on favorable terms or is renegotiated in a manner adverse to Bluegreen, its revenue and cash flows would be adversely affected. In addition, while Bluegreen may in the future seek to expand its management services business, including hospitality management services to hotels for third parties, there is no assurance that it will pursue such initiatives or, if pursued, that Bluegreen will be successful. The Company s results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely impacted if Bluegreen does not continue to participate in exchange networks and other strategic alliances with third parties or if its customers are not satisfied with the networks in which Bluegreen participates or its strategic alliances. Bluegreen believes that its participation in exchange networks and other strategic alliances and its Traveler Plus program make ownership of its VOIs more attractive by providing owners with the ability to take advantage of vacation experiences in addition to stays at its resorts. Bluegreen s participation in the RCI exchange network allows Vacation Club owners to use their points to stay at over 4,200 participating resorts, based upon availability and the payment of a variable exchange fee. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 10 of Vacation Club owners utilized the RCI exchange network for a stay of two or more nights. Bluegreen also has an exclusive strategic arrangement with Choice Hotels pursuant to which, subject to payments and conditions, certain of its resorts have been branded as part of Choice Hotels Ascend Hotel Collection. Vacation Club owners can convert their Vacation Club points into Choice Privileges points. Choice Privileges points can be used for stays at Choice Hotels properties. For a nominal annual fee and transactional fees, Vacation Club owners may also participate in Bluegreen s Traveler Plus program, which enables them to use points to access an additional 48 direct exchange resorts and for other vacation experiences such as cruises. In addition, Traveler Plus members can directly use their Vacation Club points for stays at Choice Hotels Ascend Hotel Collection properties, a network of historic and boutique hotels in the United 

 35 

States, Canada, Scandinavia and Latin America. Bluegreen may not be able to or desire to continue to participate in the RCI or direct exchange networks in the future or maintain or extend its other marketing and strategic networks, alliances and relationships. In addition, these networks, alliances and relationships, and Bluegreen s Traveler Plus program, may not continue to operate effectively, and Bluegreen s customers may not be satisfied with them. In addition, Bluegreen may not be successful in identifying or entering into new strategic relationships in the future. If any of these events should occur, Bluegreen s results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely impacted. If maintenance fees at Bluegreen s resorts and/or Vacation Club dues are required to be increased, Bluegreen s product could become less attractive, defaults could increase and its results could be adversely impacted. The maintenance fees, special assessments and Vacation Club dues that are levied by HOAs and the Vacation Club on VOI owners may increase as the costs to maintain and refurbish properties, and to keep properties in compliance with Bluegreen s standards and applicable regulations, increase. Increases in such fees, assessments or dues could negatively affect customer satisfaction with its Vacation Club or otherwise adversely impact VOI sales to both new customers and existing VOI owners or could contribute to additional defaults. Bluegreen s strategic transactions and relationships may not be successful and may divert its management s attention and consume significant resources. Bluegreen intends to continue its strategy of selectively pursuing complementary strategic transactions and relationships. Bluegreen may also purchase management contracts, including from resort operators facing financial distress, and purchase VOI inventory at resorts that it does not manage, with the goal of acquiring sufficient VOI ownership at such a resort to become the manager of that resort. The successful execution of this strategy will depend on Bluegreen s ability to identify and enter into the agreements necessary to take advantage of these potential opportunities, and to obtain any necessary financing. Bluegreen may not be able to do so successfully. In addition, Bluegreen s management may be required to devote substantial time and resources to pursue these opportunities, which may divert their attention away from Bluegreen s other operations. Acquisitions and new strategic relationships involve numerous additional risks, including: (i) difficulty in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired business or assets; (ii) potential disruption of Bluegreen s ongoing business and the distraction of management from its day-to-day operations; (iii) difficulty entering markets and relationships in which Bluegreen has limited or no prior experience and in which competitors have a stronger market position; (iv) difficulty maintaining the quality of services that Bluegreen historically provided across new acquisitions; (v) potential legal and financial responsibility for liabilities of the acquired business or assets; (vi) potential overpayment in connection with transactions; (vii) increased expenses associated with transactions or an acquisition and amortizing any acquired intangible assets; (viii) risks associated with any debt incurred in connection with the financing of transaction; and (ix) challenges in implementing uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout an acquired business. Bluegreen is dependent on the managers of resorts not managed, owned or operated by Bluegreen to ensure that those properties meet its customers expectations. In addition to stays at Bluegreen s resorts, Vacation Club owners have access to other resorts and hotels as a result of Bluegreen s participation in exchange programs and its other strategic alliances. Accordingly, Vacation Club owners have access to resorts that Bluegreen does not manage, own or operate. If those resorts are not maintained in a manner consistent with Bluegreen s standards of quality or its Vacation Club owners are otherwise dissatisfied with those resorts, Bluegreen may be subject to customer complaints and its reputation and brand could be damaged. In addition, Bluegreen s agreements with these resorts or their owners may expire, be terminated or not be renewed, or may be renegotiated in a manner adverse to Bluegreen, and Bluegreen may be unable to enter into new agreements that provide Vacation Club owners with equivalent access to additional resorts, any or all of which could materially adversely impact its business, operating results and financial condition. 

 36 

The resale market for VOIs could adversely affect Bluegreen s business. Bluegreen believes that resales of VOIs in the secondary market generally are made at net sales prices below the original customer purchase prices. The relatively lower sales prices are partly attributable to the high marketing and sales costs associated with the initial sales of such VOIs. Accordingly, the initial purchase price of a VOI may be less attractive to prospective buyers and Bluegreen may compete with buyers who seek to resell their VOIs. While VOI resale clearing houses or brokers currently do not have a material impact on Bluegreen s business, the availability of resale VOIs at lower prices, particularly if an organized and liquid secondary market develops, could adversely affect Bluegreen s level of sales and sales prices, which in turn would adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Bluegreen s insurance policies do not cover all potential losses. Bluegreen maintains insurance coverage for liability, property and other risks with respect to its operations and activities. While Bluegreen has comprehensive property and liability insurance policies with coverage features and insured limits that it believes are customary, some losses cannot be insured against and market forces beyond Bluegreen s control may limit the scope of the insurance coverage it can obtain or its ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. The cost of insurance may increase and Bluegreen s coverage levels may decrease, which may affect its ability to maintain customary insurance coverage and deductibles at acceptable costs. There is a limit as well as various sub-limits on the amount of insurance proceeds Bluegreen will receive in excess of applicable deductibles. If an insurable event occurs that affects more than one of its properties, the claims from each affected property may be considered together to determine whether the individual occurrence limit, annual aggregate limit or sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached. If the limits or sub-limits are exceeded, each affected property may only receive a proportional share of the amount of insurance proceeds provided for under the policy. Further, certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, and certain environmental matters, may be outside the general coverage limits of Bluegreen s policies, subject to large deductibles, deemed uninsurable or too cost-prohibitive to justify insuring against. In addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage Bluegreen carries may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of the affected resort or in some cases may not provide a recovery for any part of a loss. As a result, Bluegreen could lose some or all of the capital it has invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future marketing, sales or revenue opportunities from the property. Further, Bluegreen could remain obligated under guarantees or other financial obligations related to the property despite the loss of product inventory, and its VOI owners could be required to contribute toward deductibles to help cover losses. Bluegreen s business may be adversely impacted by negative publicity, including information spread through social media. The proliferation and global reach of social media continues to expand rapidly and could cause us to suffer reputational harm. The continuing evolution of social media presents new challenges and requires Bluegreen to keep pace with new developments, technology and trends. Negative posts or comments about Bluegreen, the properties it manages or its brands on any social networking or user-generated review website, including travel and vacation property websites, could affect consumer opinions of Bluegreen and its products, and Bluegreen cannot guarantee that it will timely or adequately redress such instances. Risks Related to the Company s Indebtedness Changes to and replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the results of operations and liquidity. In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (the regulatory authority over LIBOR) stated they will plan for a phase out of regulatory oversight of LIBOR interest rate indices after 2021 to allow for an orderly transition to an alternate reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC has proposed that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to LIBOR for promissory notes or other contracts that are currently indexed to LIBOR. The ARRC has proposed a market transition plan to SOFR from LIBOR and organizations are currently working on transition plans as it relates to derivatives and cash markets 

 37 

exposed to LIBOR. Although VOIs notes receivable are not indexed to LIBOR, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had 170.9 million of LIBOR indexed junior subordinated debentures, and 30.9 million of LIBOR indexed receivable-backed notes payable. The Company is evaluating the potential impact that the eventual replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate could have on its results of operations and liquidity. The Company s existing indebtedness, or indebtedness that it may incur in the future, could adversely impact its financial condition and results of operations, and the terms of its indebtedness may limit its activities. The Company s level of debt and debt service requirements have several important effects on its operations. Significant debt service cash requirements reduce the funds available for operations and future business opportunities and increase the vulnerability of the Company to adverse economic and industry conditions, as well as conditions in the credit markets generally. In addition, the Company s leverage position increases its vulnerability to economic and competitive pressures and may limit funds available for acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, and other general corporate purposes. If new debt or other liabilities are added to the Company s current debt levels, the related risks that it faces could intensify. Further, the financial covenants and other restrictions contained in indentures, credit agreements and other agreements relating to the Company s indebtedness require it to meet certain financial tests and may limit its ability to, among other things, pay dividends, borrow additional funds, dispose of assets or make investments. If the Company s fails to comply with the terms of its debt instruments, such debt may become due and payable immediately, which would have a material adverse impact on its cash position and financial condition. Significant resources may be required to monitor compliance with debt instruments (from a quantitative and qualitative perspective), and such monitoring efforts may not be effective in all cases. The Company may also incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The primary impact of rising interest rates on the Company is the increased cost of borrowings associated with its variable-rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 506.3 million of variable-rate debt outstanding and 424.4 million of unused borrowing capacity under its credit facilities. Based on the balances at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1 increase in interest rates would increase the annual dollar amount of interest payable by approximately 5.1 million and would increase the cost of borrowings drawn on available capacity by 0.6 million for every 10.0 million of incremental borrowings . The Company or its subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness . The Company and its subsidiaries have in the past and may in the future incur significant amounts of debt. Further, additional indebtedness could have important effects on the Company, including that debt service requirements will reduce cash available for operations, future investment and acquisition opportunities and payments of dividends, if any, and that increased leverage could impact the Company s liquidity and increase its vulnerability to adverse economic or market conditions. Additionally, agreements relating to additional indebtedness could contain financial covenants and other restrictions limiting the Company s operations and its ability to pay dividends, borrow additional funds or acquire or dispose of assets, and expose the Company to the risks of being in default of such covenants. 

 38 

Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry and Real Estate Development The Company is subject to the risks of the real estate market and the risks associated with real estate development, including a decline in real estate values and a deterioration of other conditions relating to the real estate market and real estate development. Real estate markets are cyclical in nature and highly sensitive to changes in national and regional economic conditions, including: levels of unemployment; levels of discretionary disposable income; levels of consumer confidence; the availability of financing; overbuilding or decreases in demand; interest rates; and federal, state and local taxation methods. Adverse economic conditions generally in the real estate market, including continuation or worsening of current supply chain constraints, labor shortages, inflationary trends and rising interest rates, would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company may seek to acquire more real estate inventory in the future. The availability of land for development of resort properties at favorable prices will be critical to the Company s profitability and the ability to cover its significant selling, general and administrative expenses, cost of capital and other expenses. If the Company is unable to acquire such land or resort properties at a favorable cost, the Company s results of operations may be materially, adversely impacted. The profitability of the Company s real estate development activities is also impacted by inflation and the cost of construction, including the supply of goods, costs of materials and labor and other services. These costs have increased and should the cost of construction materials and services continue to rise, the ultimate cost of Bluegreen s future resorts inventory when developed could increase and have a material, adverse impact on its results of operations. The Company is also exposed to other risks associated with development activities, including, without limitation: adverse conditions in the capital markets, including rising interest rates, may limit its ability to raise capital for completion of projects or for development of future properties on acceptable terms or at all; construction delays, zoning and other local, state or federal governmental approvals, cost overruns, lender financial defaults, or natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, volcanic eruptions and oil spills, increasing overall construction costs, affecting timing of project completion or resulting in project cancellations; any liability or alleged liability or resulting delays associated with latent defects in design or construction of projects developed or constructed in the future adversely affecting its business, financial condition and reputation; failure by third-party contractors to perform for any reason, exposing it to operational, reputational and financial harm; and the existence of any title defects in properties it acquires. In addition, the third-party developers from whom Bluegreen sources VOI inventory are exposed to such development-related risks and, therefore, the occurrence of such risks may adversely impact Bluegreen s ability to acquire VOI inventory from them when expected or at all. Environmental liabilities, including claims with respect to mold or hazardous or toxic substances, could have a material adverse impact the Company s financial condition and operating results. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, as well as common law, the Company may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances, including mold, located on, in or emanating from property that it owns, leases or operates, as well as related costs of investigation and property 

 39 

damage at such property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether Bluegreen knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect the Company s ability to sell or lease its property or to borrow money using such property or receivables generated from the sale of such property as collateral. Noncompliance with environmental, health or safety requirements may require Bluegreen to cease or alter operations at one or more of its properties. Further, the Company may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from violations of environmental regulations or from contamination associated with one or more of its properties. Risks Related to Technology, Privacy and Intellectual Property Rights Failure to maintain the integrity of internal or customer data could result in faulty business decisions or operational inefficiencies, damage the Company s reputation and/or subject the Company to costs, fines or lawsuits. Bluegreen collects and retains large volumes of internal and customer data, including social security numbers, credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information of its customers in various internal information systems and information systems of its service providers. Bluegreen also maintains personally identifiable information about its employees. The integrity and protection of that customer, employee and company data is critical to Bluegreen. Bluegreen could make faulty decisions if that data is inaccurate or incomplete. Bluegreen s customers and employees also have a high expectation that Bluegreen and its service providers will adequately protect their personal information. The regulatory environment as well as the requirements imposed on Bluegreen by the payment card industry surrounding information, security and privacy is also increasingly demanding, in both the United States and other jurisdictions in which Bluegreen operates. Bluegreen s systems may be unable to satisfy changing regulatory and payment card industry requirements and employee and customer expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time in order to do so. Bluegreen s information systems and records, including those Bluegreen maintains with its service providers, may be subject to security breaches, cyber-attacks, system failures, viruses, operator error or inadvertent releases of data. A significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of customer, employee or company data maintained by Bluegreen or by a service provider could adversely impact its reputation and could result in remedial and other expenses, fines or litigation. A breach in the security of Bluegreen s information systems or those of its service providers could lead to an interruption in the operation of its systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. The cost involved in updating technology may be significant, and the failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair or adversely affect Bluegreen s operations or competitive position. The vacation ownership and hospitality industries require the utilization of technology and systems, including technology utilized for sales and marketing, mortgage servicing, property management, brand assurance and compliance, and reservation systems. This technology requires continuous updating and refinements, including technology required to remain competitive and to comply with the legal requirements such as privacy regulations and requirements established by third parties. Bluegreen is taking steps to update its information technology platform, which has required, and is likely to continue to require, significant capital expenditures. Older systems which have not yet been updated may increase the risk of operational inefficiencies, financial loss and non-compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and it may not be successful in updating such systems in the time frame or at the cost anticipated. Further, as a result of the rapidly changing technological environment, systems which Bluegreen has put in place or expect to put in place in the near term may become outdated requiring new technology, and it may not be able to replace those systems as quickly as its competition or within budgeted costs and time frames. Further, Bluegreen may not achieve the benefits that may have been anticipated from any new technology or system. In addition, conversions to new information technology systems require effective change management processes and may result in cost overruns, delays or business interruptions. If Bluegreen s information technology systems are disrupted, become obsolete or do not adequately support its strategic, operational or compliance needs, Bluegreen s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be adversely affected. 

 40 

Bluegreen s intellectual property rights, and the intellectual property rights of its business partners, are valuable, and the failure to protect those rights could have a significant adverse effect. Bluegreen s intellectual property rights, including existing and future trademarks, trade secrets and copyrights, are and will continue to be valuable and important assets of its business. Bluegreen believes that its proprietary technology, as well as Bluegreen s other technologies and business practices, are competitive advantages and that any duplication by competitors would harm its business. Measures taken to protect Bluegreen s intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective. Additionally, intellectual property laws and contractual restrictions may not prevent misappropriation of Bluegreen s intellectual property. Finally, even if Bluegreen is able to successfully protect its intellectual property, others may develop technologies that are similar or superior to its technology. Bluegreen also generates a significant portion of its new sales prospects and leads through arrangements with third parties, including Bass Pro. The failure by Bluegreen or these third parties to protect their intellectual property rights could have a significant adverse effect. General Risks The market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of the Company s results. The market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock may be volatile due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond its control, including those discussed in this Risk Factors section and under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, as well as the following: the failure of securities analysts to cover the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or changes in financial estimates by analysts; the inability to meet the financial estimates of analysts who follow the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock; strategic actions by the Company or its competitors; risks related to the Company s business and industry, including announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant issues or significant acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or other transactions; introduction of new products or services by Bluegreen or its competitors; variations in the Company s quarterly operating results and those of its competitors, including seasonal fluctuations; additions or departures of key personnel; general economic and stock market conditions; changes in conditions or trends in its industry, markets or customers; regulatory and legal proceedings, investigations and developments; political developments; changes in accounting principles; changes in tax legislation and regulations; terrorist acts; accumulation of publicly held shares and the timing and amount of future purchase or sales of the Company s Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or other securities; decreased float or liquidity in the markets for the Company s shares; defaults under agreements governing the Company s indebtedness; and investor perceptions with respect to the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock relative to other investment alternatives. 

 41 

Adverse outcomes in legal or other regulatory proceedings, including claims of non-compliance with applicable regulations or development-related defects, could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and operating results. In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings, which result in significant expenses and devotion of time and the Company may agree to indemnify third parties or its strategic partners from damages or losses associated with such risks. In addition, litigation is inherently uncertain and adverse outcomes could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and operating results. Bluegreen engages third-party contractors to construct its resorts. However, customers may assert claims against Bluegreen for construction defects or other perceived development defects, including, without limitation, structural integrity, the presence of mold as a result of leaks or other defects, water intrusion, asbestos, electrical issues, plumbing issues, road construction, water and sewer defects and defects in the engineering of amenities. In addition, certain state and local laws may impose liability on property developers with respect to development defects discovered in the future. Bluegreen could have to accrue a significant portion of the cost to repair such defects in the quarter when such defects arise or when the repair costs are reasonably estimable. Costs associated with litigation, including claims for development-related defects, and the outcomes thereof could adversely affect the Company s liquidity, financial condition and operating results. The loss of the services of key management and personnel could adversely affect the business. In addition, labor shortages and increased labor cost could adversely impact our business and financial results. The success of the Company will depend on its ability to attract and retain experienced and knowledgeable management and other professional staff, and it may not be successful in doing so. If its efforts to retain and attract key management and other personnel are unsuccessful, the Company business, prospects, and results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely impacted. Labor is one of the primary components of operating our business. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase our labor costs, including high unemployment levels, federal unemployment subsidies, and other government regulations. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates could, among other things, (i) lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime pay to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, (ii) negatively affect the operation of our resorts and our guest s satisfaction with our resorts and, in turn, lead to negative public perception, or (iii) otherwise adversely impact our business and results. Further, mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability or an increase in labor costs may be unsuccessful and could have negative effects. There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions used could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operating results and financial condition. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments and assumptions include, but are not limited to, those related to future cash flows, which in turn are based upon expectations of future performance given current and projected forecasts of the economy in general and the real estate markets. If any estimates, judgments or assumptions change in the future, including in the event that the Company s performance does not otherwise meet its expectations, the Company may be required to record impairment charges against its earnings, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operating results and financial condition. In addition, GAAP requirements as to how certain estimates are made may result, for example, in asset valuations which ultimately would not be realized if the Company were to attempt to sell the asset. 

 42 

If the Company fails to maintain proper and effective internal controls, the Company s ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm its operating results, the Company s ability to operate its business and its reputation. The Company is required to maintain a system of effective internal control over financial reporting and to provide annual management reports on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Ensuring that the Company has adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that the Company can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Substantial work and expenses may continue to be required to implement, document, assess, test and, as necessary, remediate the Company s system of internal controls. If the Company s internal controls over financial reporting are not effective, if the Company is not able to issue its financial statements in a timely manner or if the Company is not able to obtain the required audit or review of its financial statements by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm in a timely manner, the Company will not be able to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the listing requirements of the NYSE. If these events occur, the listing of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the NYSE could be suspended or terminated and the Company s stock price could materially suffer. In addition, the Company or members of its management could be subject to investigation and sanction by the SEC and other regulatory authorities and to shareholder lawsuits, which could impose significant additional costs on the Company and divert management attention. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. The Company s principal executive office is located at 4960 Conference Way North, Suite 100, Boca Raton, Florida 33431, and consists of approximately 120,738 square feet of leased space. At December 31, 2022, the Company also maintained sales offices at or near 24 of its resorts as well as regional administrative offices in Orlando, Florida, and Knoxville, Tennessee. For information regarding resort properties that are a part of the Vacation Club, please see Item 1. Business - Products - Vacation Club Resorts. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. For a description of material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference into this Legal Proceedings section. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 

 43 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock have substantially identical terms, except as follows: Under Florida law and the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on most matters presented for a shareholder vote. On such matters, holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held, with all holders of Class A Common Stock possessing in the aggregate 22 of the total voting power. Holders of Class B Common Stock have the remaining 78 of the total voting power. If the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to 360,000 shares, the Class A Common Stock s aggregate voting power will increase to 40 , and the Class B Common Stock will have the remaining 60 . If the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to 280,000 shares, the Class A Common Stock s aggregate voting power will increase to 53 , and the Class B Common Stock will have the remaining 47 . If the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to 100,000 shares, the fixed voting percentages will be eliminated, and holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock and holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock will each be entitled to one vote per share. Each share of Class B Common Stock is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into one share of Class A Common Stock. In addition to any other approval required by Florida law, the voting structure described in the first bullet point above may not be amended without the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class. Holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock also have certain other special voting rights with respect to matters affecting the Company s capital structure and the Class B Common Stock. Market Information The Company s Class A Common Stock trades on the NYSE under the ticker symbol BVH, and the Company s Class B Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQX Best Market under the ticker symbol BVHBB. On March 9, 2023, there were approximately 221 record holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock and approximately 75 record holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock. 

 44 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities In August 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program which authorized the repurchase of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock at an aggregate cost of up to 40.0 million, pursuant to which 27.3 million of shares were repurchased. In March 2022, the Company s board of directors approved a 50.0 million increase in the aggregate cost of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that may be repurchased under the share repurchase program. The Company repurchased and retired 1,911,980 shares of Class A Common Stock under the share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of 54.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, 8.3 million remained available for the repurchase of shares under the Company s share repurchase program. In December 2022, the Company completed a cash tender offer pursuant to which it purchased and retired 3,040,882 shares of its Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of 25.00 per share, or an aggregate purchase price of 76.0 million, excluding fees and expenses related to the tender offer. The purchase of shares in the tender offer was made outside of the Company s share repurchase program described above. Information regarding share repurchases by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022 is set forth in the following table: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as a Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program October 1 - October 31, 2022 - - - 8,312,745 November 1 - November 30, 2022 - - - 8,312,745 December 1 - December 31, 2022 (1) 3,040,882 25.00 - 8,312,745 Total 3,040,882 25.00 - 8,312,745 
 (1) Shares repurchased in the Company s tender offer at the offer price of 25.00 per share. Equity Compensation Plan Information The Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation 2021 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), allows for the issuance of up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock pursuant to restricted stock awards and options which may be granted under the Plan. The Plan also permits the grant of performance-based cash awards. The Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders during July 2021 and, in connection therewith, all previous equity compensation plans of the Company were terminated. The following table sets forth information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the Plan, which is the only compensation plan under which shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock are authorized for issuance: Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants or Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants or Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Outstanding Options, Warrants, or Rights) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 1,110,673 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 1,110,673 
 Item 6. [Reserved]. 

 45 

I tem 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. You should read the following discussion and analysis together with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including those that reflect or imply strategies, plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, without limitation, those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at www.bvhcorp.com and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Company Overview The Company is a holding company for Bluegreen, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company during May 2021. Prior to the merger, the Company held approximately 93 of Bluegreen s common stock. Bluegreen is a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells VOIs and manages resorts in popular leisure and urban destinations. On September 30, 2020, the Company completed its spin-off of BBX Capital, Inc. BBX Capital ). BBX Capital was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company prior to the spin-off and became a separate public company as a result of the spin-off. BBX Capital holds all of the historical business and investments of the Company other than the Company s investment in Bluegreen. As a result of the spin-off, all of the Company s operations and activities relate to the operations and activities of Bluegreen. BBX Capital and its subsidiaries are presented as discontinued operations in the Company s financial statements. In connection with the spin-off, the Company s name was changed from BBX Capital Corporation to Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation. The Company also issued a 75.0 million note payable to BBX Capital (of which 50.0 million remained outstanding at December 31, 2022). The note accrues interest at a rate of 6 per annum and requires payments of interest on a quarterly basis. Under the terms of the note, the Company has the option in its discretion to defer interest payments under the note, with interest on the entire outstanding balance thereafter to accrue at a cumulative, compounded rate of 8 per annum until such time as the Company is current on all accrued payments under the note, including deferred interest. All remaining outstanding amounts under the note will become due and payable in in September 2025 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. On May 5, 2021, the Company acquired all of the approximately 7 of the outstanding shares of Bluegreen s common stock not previously owned by the Company through a statutory short-form merger under Florida law. In connection with the merger, Bluegreen s shareholders (other than the Company received 0.51 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock for each share of Bluegreen s common stock that they held at the effective time of the merger (subject to rounding up of fractional shares). T he Company issued approximately 2.66 million shares of its Class A Common Stock in connection with the merger. As a result of the completion of the merger, Bluegreen became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and its common stock is no longer publicly traded . In July 2020, the Company effected a one-for-five reverse split of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Share and per share amounts set forth herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the one-for-five reverse stock split as if it had occurred as of January 1, 2020. 

 46 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total consolidated assets of approximately 1.4 billion and shareholders equity of approximately 243.9 million. Summary of Consolidated Results of Operations The Company reports the results of its business activities through the following reportable segments: Sales of VOIs and Financing; and Resort Operations and Club Management. Information regarding income before income taxes by reportable segment is set forth in the table below: For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Sales of VOIs and financing 145,121 129,574 35,670 Resort operations and club management 83,140 78,069 63,240 Corporate and other (111,991) (99,345) (80,081) BVH corporate (8,832) (9,702) (65,603) Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations 107,438 98,596 (46,774) (Provision) benefit for income taxes (26,187) (26,664) 2,368 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 81,251 71,932 (44,406) Discontinued operations, net 900 (32,759) Net income (loss) 81,251 72,832 (77,165) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest - continued operations 16,866 14,102 8,186 Less: Net (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations (4,822) Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders 64,385 58,730 (80,529) 
 Executive Overview Bluegreen is a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells VOIs and manages resorts in popular leisure and urban destinations. Bluegreen s resort network includes 46 Club Resorts (resorts in which owners in the Bluegreen Vacation Club Vacation Club have the right to use most of the units in connection with their VOI ownership) and 23 Club Associate Resorts (resorts in which owners in the Vacation Club have the right to control and use only a limited number of units in connection with their VOI ownership). These Club Resorts and Club Associate Resorts are primarily located in high-volume, drive-to vacation locations, including Orlando, Las Vegas, Myrtle Beach, Charleston and New Orleans, among others. In addition, in October 2022 Bluegreen purchased a resort located in Panama City Beach, Florida. Bluegreen expects this resort to be available for use by Bluegreen Vacation Club owners in 2023. Through Bluegreen s points-based system, the approximately 218,000 owners in the Vacation Club have the flexibility to stay at units available at any of Bluegreen s resorts and have access to over 11,400 other hotels and resorts through partnerships and exchange networks. Bluegreen s sales and marketing platform is currently supported by marketing relationships with nationally-recognized consumer brands, such as Bass Pro and Choice Hotels. The Company believes these marketing relationships have helped generate sales within its core demographic, as described below. The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant disruptions in international and U.S. economies and markets, and had an unprecedented impact on the travel and hospitality industries, including a material adverse impact on Bluegreen s results, especially during 2020 and to a lesser extent in 2021, as previously described in the Company s filings with the SEC. Bluegreen believes that the increase in sales of VOIs in 2022 reflect the recovery from the pandemic and high demand for domestic travel despite ongoing COVID-19 cases and higher interest rates and inflationary trends. While we hope that improvements in the travel and leisure industry continue, the impact economic challenges and public health concerns on the Bluegreen s business and operating results is uncertain . 

 47 

VOI Sales and Financing Bluegreen s primary business is the marketing and selling of deeded VOIs. Customers who purchase these VOIs receive an allotment of points, which can be redeemed for stays at one of the Bluegreen s resorts or at 11,400 other hotels and resorts available through partnerships and exchange networks. Bluegreen s goal is to employ a flexible model with a mix of sales of our owned, acquired or developed VOIs and sales of VOIs on behalf of third-party developers, as determined by management to be appropriate from time to time based on market and economic conditions, available cash, and other factors. When sales of VOIs are made on behalf of third-party developers, Bluegreen generally receives fees from the sale and marketing of their VOIs without incurring the upfront capital investment generally associated with resort acquisition or development. While fee-based sales typically do not require an initial investment or involve development financing risk, sales of Bluegreen owned inventory typically result in a greater contribution to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. Both Bluegreen owned VOI sales and fee-based VOI sales result in recurring, incremental and long-term fee streams by adding owners to the Bluegreen Vacation Club and new resort management contracts. Fee-based sales of VOIs comprised 14 and 31 of system-wide sales of VOIs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, reflecting management s decision to increase its focus on developed VOI sales. In connection with sales of VOIs, Bluegreen also generates interest income by providing financing to qualified purchasers. Collateralized by the underlying VOIs, Bluegreen s loans are generally structured as 10-year, fully-amortizing loans with a fixed interest rate ranging from approximately 12 to approximately 18 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average interest rate on the Company s VOI notes receivable was 15.3 . In addition, the Company earns fees for various other services, including title and escrow services in connection with the closing of VOI sales, and mortgage servicing. Resort Operations and Club Management Bluegreen enters into management agreements with the HOAs that maintain most of the resorts in Bluegreen s Vacation Club and earns fees for providing management services to those HOAs and the approximately 218,000 Vacation Club owners. These resort management services include providing or oversight of front desk operations, housekeeping services, maintenance, and certain accounting and administration functions. Bluegreen s management contracts generally yield recurring cash flows and do not have the traditional risks associated with hotel management contracts that are generally linked to daily rate or occupancy. Bluegreen s management contracts are typically structured as cost-plus, with an initial term of three years and automatic one year renewals. In connection with the management services provided to the Vacation Club, Bluegreen manages the reservation system and provides owner, billing and collection services. Principal Components Affecting Our Results of Operations Principal Components of Revenue Bluegreen Owned VOI Sales. Represent sales of VOIs in resorts that Bluegreen has developed or acquired, VOIs acquired from HOAs or other owners, typically in connection with maintenance fee defaults, or secondary market sales. VOI inventory acquired from HOAs or other timeshare owners are generally purchased at a greater discount to retail price compared to developed VOI sales and VOIs purchased by Bluegreen for sale as part of its just-in-time JIT sales activities. Fee-Based Sales. Represent sales of third-party VOIs where Bluegreen is paid a commission. Financing Revenue. Represents revenue from the financing of VOI sales, which includes interest income and loan servicing fees. Bluegreen also earns fees from providing loan servicing to certain third-party developers relating to VOI receivables sold by them. Resort Operations and Club Management Revenue. Represents recurring fees from managing the Vacation Club and transaction fees for Traveler Plus and other member services. Bluegreen also earns recurring management fees under its management agreements with HOAs for day-to-day management services, including oversight of housekeeping services, maintenance, and certain accounting and administrative functions. 

 48 

Other Fee-Based Services. Represents revenue earned from various other services that produce recurring, predictable and long-term revenue, such as title services. Principal Components of Costs and Expenses Cost of VOIs Sold. Represents the cost at which Bluegreen owned VOIs sold during the period were relieved from inventory. Compared to the cost of Bluegreen developed VOI inventory, VOIs acquired in connection with JIT arrangements typically have a relatively higher associated cost of sales as a percentage of sales while those acquired in connection with secondary market arrangements typically have a lower cost of sales as a percentage of sales as secondary market inventory is generally obtained from HOAs at a significant discount to retail price. Cost of VOIs sold as a percentage of sales of VOIs varies between periods based on the relative costs of the specific VOIs sold in each period and the size of the point packages of the VOIs sold (primarily due to offered volume discounts, and taking into account consideration of cumulative sales to existing owners). Additionally, the effect of changes in estimates under the relative sales value method, including estimates of projected sales, future defaults, upgrades and incremental revenue from the resale of repossessed VOI inventory, are reflected on a retrospective basis in the period the change occurs. Cost of sales is typically favorably impacted in periods where a significant amount of secondary market VOI inventory is acquired and actual defaults and equity trades are higher and the resulting change in estimate is recognized. While Bluegreen believes that there is additional inventory that can be obtained through the secondary market at favorable prices to Bluegreen in the future, there is no assurance that such inventory will be available. Net Carrying Cost of VOI Inventory. Represents the maintenance fees and developer subsidies for unsold VOI inventory paid or accrued to the HOAs that maintain the resorts. Bluegreen attempts to offset this expense, to the extent possible, by generating revenue from renting its VOIs and through utilizing them in Bluegreen s sampler programs. Bluegreen may also house marketing guests in unsold VOIs in which case the cost of such unit is recognized as sales and marketing expense. Bluegreen nets such revenue from this expense item. Selling and Marketing Expense. Represents costs incurred to sell and market VOIs, including costs relating to marketing and incentive programs, tours, and related wages and sales commissions. Revenue from vacation package sales are netted against selling and marketing expenses. Financing Expense. Represents financing interest expense related to Bluegreen s receivable-backed debt, amortization of the related debt issuance costs and other expenses incurred in providing financing and servicing loans, including administrative costs associated with mortgage servicing activities for Bluegreen s loans and the loans of certain third-party developers. Mortgage servicing activities include, among other things, payment processing, reporting and collection services. Resort Operations and Club Management Expense. Represents costs incurred to manage resorts and the Vacation Club, including payroll and related costs and other administrative costs to the extent not reimbursed by the Vacation Club or HOAs. General and Administrative Expense. Primarily represents compensation expense for personnel supporting Bluegreen s business and operations, professional fees (including consulting, audit and legal fees), and administrative and related expenses. Key Business and Financial Metrics Used by Management Operating Metrics Sales of VOIs. Represent sales of Bluegreen owned VOIs, including developed VOIs and those acquired through JIT and secondary market arrangements, reduced by equity trade allowances and an estimate of uncollectible VOI notes receivable. In addition to the factors impacting system-wide sales of VOIs (as described below), sales of VOIs are impacted by the proportion of system-wide sales of VOIs sold on behalf of third-parties on a commission basis, which are not included in sales of VOIs. System-wide Sales of VOIs. Represents all sales of VOIs, whether owned by Bluegreen or a third party immediately prior to the sale. Sales of VOIs owned by third parties are transacted as sales of VOIs in the Vacation Club through 

 49 

the same selling and marketing process Bluegreen uses to sell Bluegreen owned VOI inventory. Bluegreen considers system-wide sales of VOIs to be an important operating measure because it reflects all sales of VOIs by Bluegreen s sales and marketing operations without regard to whether Bluegreen or a third party owned such VOI inventory at the time of sale. System-wide sales of VOIs is not a recognized term under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to sales of VOIs or any other measure of financial performance derived in accordance with GAAP or to any other method of analyzing Bluegreen s results as reported under GAAP. Guest Tours. Represents the number of sales presentations given at Bluegreen s sales centers during the period. Sale to Tour Conversion Ratio. Represents the rate at which guest tours are converted to sales of VOIs and is calculated by dividing guest tours by number of VOI sales transactions. Average Sales Volume Per Guest VPG ). Represents the sales attributable to tours at Bluegreen s sales locations and is calculated by dividing VOI sales by guest tours. Bluegreen considers VPG to be an important operating measure because it measures the effectiveness of Bluegreen s sales process, combining the average transaction price with the sale-to-tour conversion ratio. For further information see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2: Basis of Presentation and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders The Company defines EBITDA as earnings, or net income, before taking into account income tax, interest income (excluding interest earned on VOI notes receivable), interest expense (excluding interest expense incurred on debt secured by VOI notes receivable), and depreciation and amortization. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, adjusted to exclude amounts of loss (gain) on assets held for sale, share-based compensation expense, and items that the Company believes are not representative of ongoing operating results, including severance costs and, for 2022, costs related to the reorganization of certain resort marketing operations. Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders is Adjusted EBITDA excluding amounts attributable to the non-controlling interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations (in which Bluegreen owns a 51 interest). For purposes of the calculation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders, no adjustments were made for interest income earned on VOI notes receivable or the interest expense incurred on debt that is secured by such notes receivable because they are both considered to be part of the ordinary operations of the Company s business. The Company considers EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders to be indicators of operating performance, and they are used by the Company to measure its ability to service debt, fund capital expenditures and expand its business. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are also used by companies, lenders, investors and others because they exclude certain items that can vary widely across different industries or among companies within the same industry. For example, interest expense can be dependent on a company s capital structure, debt levels and credit ratings. Accordingly, the impact of interest expense on earnings can vary significantly among companies. The tax positions of companies can also vary because of their differing abilities to take advantage of tax benefits and because of the tax policies of the jurisdictions in which they operate. As a result, effective tax rates and provision for income taxes can vary considerably among companies. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders also exclude depreciation and amortization because companies utilize productive assets of different ages and use different methods of both acquiring and depreciating productive assets. These differences can result in considerable variability in the relative costs of productive assets and the depreciation and amortization expense among companies. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders are not recognized terms under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity, including cash flow, derived in accordance with GAAP, or to any other method or analyzing results as reported under GAAP. The limitations of using EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders as an analytical tool include, without limitation, that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders do not reflect (i) changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs; (ii) interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on indebtedness (other than as noted above); (iii) tax expense or the cash requirements to pay taxes; (iv) historical cash expenditures 

 50 

or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; or (v) the effect on earnings or changes resulting from matters that the Company does not believe to be indicative of future operations or performance. Further, although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders do not reflect any cash that may be required for such replacements. In addition, the Company s definition of Adjusted EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders may not be comparable to definitions of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders or other similarly titled measures used by other companies. Reportable Segments Results of Operations Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 The Company considers Segment Adjusted EBITDA in connection with its evaluation of its business segments as described in Note 17: Segment Reporting to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See above for a discussion of the Company s definition of Adjusted EBITDA and related measures, how management uses it to manage its business and material limitations on its usefulness. The following tables set forth Segment Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders, EBITDA and a reconciliation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Shareholders to net income, the most comparable GAAP financial measure: For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Adjusted EBITDA - sales of VOIs and financing 159,304 138,078 46,909 Adjusted EBITDA - resort operations and club management 83,821 78,914 65,435 Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA 243,125 216,992 112,344 Less: Bluegreen s Corporate and other (84,281) (77,159) (55,500) Less: BVH Corporate and other (1,931) (2,513) (59,147) Adjusted EBITDA 156,913 137,320 (2,303) Less: Adjusted EBITDA attributable to non-controlling interest (17,101) (15,286) (11,043) Total Adjusted EBITDA attributable to shareholders 139,812 122,034 (13,346) 

51 

FOOT For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income (loss) attributable to its shareholders 64,385 57,830 (52,592) Net income attributable to the non-controlling interest continuing operations 16,866 14,102 8,186 Net Income (loss) 81,251 71,932 (44,406) Add: Depreciation and amortization 15,889 15,653 15,563 Less: Interest income (other than interest earned on VOI notes receivable) (1,710) (368) (4,367) Add: Interest expense - corporate and other 25,042 19,842 22,369 Add: Provision (benefit) for income taxes 26,187 26,664 (2,368) EBITDA 146,659 133,723 (13,209) Add: Share - based compensation expense (1) 3,384 1,036 Loss on assets held for sale 230 158 1,247 Add: Severance and other (2) 1,600 2,403 9,659 Add: Retail marketing reorganization (3) 5,040 Adjusted EBITDA 156,913 137,320 (2,303) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to the non-controlling interest (17,101) (15,286) (11,043) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to shareholders 139,812 122,034 (13,346) 
 (1) Share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to restricted stock awards granted in June 2021, January 2022 and October 2022. (2) Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of severance costs. Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2020 consisted of severance, net of employee retention credits, of 5.5 million, a special bonus paid to all non-executive employees totaling 3.3 million and COVID-19 incremental costs of 0.9 million. (3) Retail marketing reorganization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of approximately 5.0 million in lease termination costs in connection with a reorganization of retail marketing operations in December 2022. System-wide sales of VOIs include Bluegreen owned VOIs and fee-based VOI sales. The following table reconciles system-wide sales of VOIs to gross sales of VOIs, the most comparable GAAP financial measure. For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Gross sales of VOIs 636,156 426,556 230,938 Add: Fee-based sales 107,238 191,054 136,060 System-wide sales of VOIs 743,394 617,610 366,998 

52 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 Sales of VOIs and Financing For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount of System- wide sales of VOIs (5) Amount of System- wide sales of VOIs (5) (dollars in thousands) Bluegreen owned VOI sales (1) 636,156 86 426,556 69 Fee-Based VOI sales 107,238 14 191,054 31 System-wide sales of VOIs 743,394 100 617,610 100 Less: Fee-Based sales (107,238) (14) (191,054) (31) Gross sales of VOIs 636,156 86 426,556 69 Provision for loan losses (2) (100,431) (16) (72,788) (17) Sales of VOIs 535,725 72 353,768 57 Cost of VOIs sold (3) (58,665) (11) (29,504) (8) Gross profit (3) 477,060 89 324,264 92 Fee-Based sales commission revenue (4) 72,647 68 128,321 67 Financing revenue, net of financing expense 78,281 11 65,569 11 Other expense 0 (145) 0 Other fee-based services, title operations and other, net 9,029 1 8,837 1 Net carrying cost of VOI inventory (18,706) (3) (22,339) (4) Selling and marketing expenses (423,007) (57) (338,269) (55) General and administrative expenses - sales and marketing (50,183) (7) (36,664) (6) Operating profit - sales of VOIs and financing 145,121 20 129,574 21 Add: Depreciation and amortization 7,273 5,956 Add: Severance and other 1,600 2,403 Add: Retail marketing reorganization 5,040 Add: Loss on assets held for sale 270 145 Adjusted EBITDA - sales of VOIs and financing 159,304 138,078 
 (1) Bluegreen owned VOI sales represent sales of VOIs acquired or developed by Bluegreen. (2) Percentages for provision for loan losses are calculated as a percentage of gross sales of VOIs, which excludes Fee-Based sales (and not of system-wide sales of VOIs). (3) Percentages for costs of VOIs sold and gross profit are calculated as a percentage of sales of VOIs (and not based on system-wide sales of VOIs). (4) Percentages for Fee-Based sales commission revenue are calculated as a percentage of Fee-Based sales (and not based on system-wide sales of VOIs). (5) Represents the applicable line item, calculated as a percentage of system-wide sales of VOIs, unless otherwise indicated in the above footnotes. System-wide sales of VOIs. System-wide sales of VOIs were 743.4 million and 617.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. System-wide sales of VOIs are driven by the number of guests attending a timeshare sale presentation (a guest tour and our ability to convert such guest tours into purchases of VOIs. The number of guest tours is driven by the number of existing owner guests Bluegreen has staying at a resort with a sales center who agree to attend a sales presentation and the number of new guest arrivals, the majority of which are utilizing a vacation package. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced increases in both the number of existing owner tours and new guest tours, which resulted in an increase in the total number of guest tours of 14 , compared to year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, the average sales volume per guest increased 6 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The average sales volume per guest increase in 2022 was driven by an increase in the average sales price per transaction of 17 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by a 150 basis-point decrease in the sale-to-tour conversion rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. 

 53 

Included in system-wide sales are Fee-Based Sales and Bluegreen-owned sales. Sales by category are tracked based on which deeded VOI is conveyed in each transaction. The individual VOIs sold is based on several factors, including the needs of fee-based clients, the Company s debt service requirements and default resale requirements under term securitizations and similar transactions. These factors and business initiatives contribute to fluctuations in the amount of sales by category from period to period. Sales of VOIs . Sales of VOIs were 535.7 million and 353.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales of VOIs were impacted by the factors described in the discussion of system-wide sales of VOIs above and the proportion of Fee-Based VOI sales and the provision for loan losses. Gross sales of VOIs were reduced by 100.4 million and 72.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the provision for loan losses. The provision for loan losses varies based on the amount of financed, non-fee based sales during the period and changes in estimates of future notes receivable performance for existing and newly originated loans. The percentage of sales which were realized in cash within 30 days from sale was 40 during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 41 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for loan losses as a percentage of gross sales of VOIs was 16 and 17 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average annual default rates and delinquency rates (more than 30 days past due) on our VOI notes receivable were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average annual default rates (1) 8.45 8.44 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Delinquency rates (1) 3.71 2.85 
 (1) The average default rates in the table above includes VOIs which have been defaulted but had not yet charged off due to the provisions of certain of our receivable-backed notes payable transactions, as well as certain VOI loans over 127 days past due where we received cease and desist letters from attorneys and other third-party exit firms. Accordingly, these are excluded for purposes of calculating the delinquency rates above. The following table sets forth certain information for system-wide sales of VOIs for 2022 and 2021: For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Number of sales centers open at period-end 24 24 Total number of VOI sales transactions 36,163 35,088 3 Average sales price per transaction 20,689 17,696 17 Number of total guest tours 243,448 213,599 14 Sale-to-tour conversion ratio total marketing guests 14.9 16.4 (150) bp Number of existing owner guest tours 113,835 96,025 19 Sale-to-tour conversion ratio existing owners 16.9 19.3 (240) bp Number of new guest tours 129,613 117,574 10 Sale-to-tour conversion ratio new marketing guests 13.1 14.1 (100) bp Percentage of sales to existing owners 54.0 54.1 (10) bp Average sales volume per guest 3,073 2,907 6 
 Cost of VOIs Sold. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cost of VOIs sold was 58.7 million and 29.5 million, respectively, and represented 11 and 8 of sales of VOIs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . Cost of VOIs sold as a percentage of sales of VOIs varies between periods based on the relative costs of the specific VOIs sold in each period and the size of the point packages of the VOIs sold (due to offered volume discounts, including consideration of cumulative sales to existing owners). Additionally, the effect of changes in estimates under the relative sales value method, including estimates of sales, future defaults, upgrades and incremental revenue from the resale of repossessed VOI inventory, are reflected on a retrospective basis in the period 

 54 

the change occurs. During 2022, true ups favorably impacted cost of VOIs sold by approximately 4.8 million, as compared to an unfavorable impact of approximately 1.3 million during 2021. In 2022, we reinstated certain equity trade programs that were discontinued during 2020 that allow owners to use the equity in an existing VOI towards the purchase of additional VOI inventory. Cost of sales is typically favorably impacted in periods where a significant amount of Secondary Market VOI inventory is acquired or actual defaults and equity trades are higher than anticipated and the resulting change in estimate is recognized. Cost of VOIs sold as a percentage of sales of VOIs was higher for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the relative mix of inventory being sold, partially offset by the timing of secondary market VOI purchases and the reinstatement of certain equity trade programs in 2022 as described above. Fee-Based Sales Commission Revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bluegreen sold 107.2 million and 191.1 million, respectively, of third-party VOI inventory under commission arrangements and earned sales and marketing commissions of 72.6 million and 128.3 million, respectively, in connection with those sales. The decrease in sales of third-party developer inventory on a commission basis during 2022 was due to Bluegreen s increased focus on selling Bluegreen owned VOIs. B luegreen earned an average sales and marketing commission of 68 and 67 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is net of a reserve for commission refunds in connection with early defaults and cancellations pursuant to the terms of certain fee-based service arrangements. Bluegreen typically recognizes a sales and marketing commission between 65 and 68 on sales of third-party VOI inventory. Financing Revenue, Net of Financing Expense Sales of VOIs . Interest income on notes receivable was 98.0 million and 81.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was partially offset by interest expense on receivable-backed debt of 17.9 million and 15.5 million, respectively. The increase in finance revenue, net of finance expense during 2022 as compared to 2021 is primarily due to higher VOI notes receivable balances as a result of higher sales of VOIs in 2022 partially offset by higher outstanding receivable-backed debt balances and higher interest rates . Other Fee-Based Services Title Operations, net . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue from title operations was 13.7 million and 12.2 million, respectively, which was partially offset by expenses directly related to title operations of 4.6 million and 3.4 million, respectively. Resort title fee revenue varies based on VOI sales volumes as well as the relative title costs in the jurisdictions where the inventory being sold is located. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to the increase in system-wide sales of VOIs, as described above. Net Carrying Cost of VOI Inventory. The gross carrying cost of VOI inventory was 43.2 million and 42.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was partially offset by rental and sampler revenue of 24.5 million and 19.9 million, respectively. The decrease in net carrying costs of VOI inventory was primarily related to increased rentals of developer inventory, partially offset by increased maintenance fees and developer subsidies associated with the increase in VOI inventory. In certain circumstances, marketing costs are offset by using inventory for marketing guest stays. Selling and Marketing Expenses. Selling and marketing expenses were 423.0 million and 338.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a percentage of system-wide sales of VOIs, selling and marketing expenses were 57 and 55 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in selling and marketing expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to selling commissions associated with the increase in system-wide sales, higher cost per tour and higher expenses associated with fulfilling guest tours in 2022, the cost of expanded marketing operations, and the costs related to the reorganization of Bluegreen s retail marketing operations in 2022 as discussed below . To a lesser extent, selling and marketing expenses were also impacted by start-up costs associated with preparing for the start of sales operations at Bluegreen s Bayside Resort Spa in Panama City Beach, FL, where we commenced VOI sales in January 2023. We utilize our marketing operations at Bass Pro and Cabela s stores to sell vacation packages to customers for future travel which require the customers to attend a timeshare presentation. Further, we have invested in various local and national marketing programs in an effort to attract new customers. These program changes may not be successful or generate a sufficient number of prospects to offset the program costs incurred. 

 55 

Bluegreen s vacation package marketing programs generated 168,982 vacation packages during 2022. As compared to 2021, this reflects a decrease of approximately 20 in vacation package sales, which we believe is due primarily to the challenging labor market, which impacted staffing levels and turnover at our kiosks, the lower traffic in the retail operations in which we operate, as well as certain changes to our package program in an effort to improve the quality of the packages. In connection with this objective, in December 2022, Bluegreen reorganized certain of its marketing operations, including the elimination of lower performing marketing programs at various locations and transitioned its kiosks at certain lower volume Cabela s stores to an unmanned, virtual format as of January 1, 2023. As a result of this reorganization, Bluegreen incurred 5.0 million in one-time lease termination costs and 1.6 million of severance costs. The following table sets forth certain new customer marketing information, excluding sampler and other returning owner vacation packages, for 2022 and 2021: For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Number of Bass Pro and Cabela s marketing locations at period-end 129 128 1 Number of vacation packages outstanding, beginning of the period (1) 187,244 121,915 54 Number of vacation packages sold 168,982 211,364 (20) Number of vacation packages outstanding, end of the period (1) 165,240 187,244 (12) of Bass Pro vacation packages at period end 44 47 (6) of Cabela s vacation packages at period end 18 19 (5) of Choice Hotel vacation packages at period end 28 23 22 of Other vacation packages at period end 10 11 (9) 
 (1) Excludes vacation packages sold to customers more than one year prior to the period presented and vacation packages sold to customers who had already toured and purchased a VOI. In addition to vacation packages sold to new prospects, we also sell vacation packages to customers who have already toured and purchased a VOI and have indicated they would tour again. As of December 31, 2022, the pipeline of such packages was approximately 15,800. There is no assurance that such packages will convert to sales at historical or expected levels. General and Administrative Expenses Sales and Marketing Operations. General and administrative expenses, representing expenses directly attributable to sales and marketing operations, were 50.2 million and 36.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a percentage of system-wide sales of VOIs, general and administrative expenses directly attributable to sales and marketing operations were 7 and 6 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This increase was primarily due to increased compensation costs and other related administrative costs due to in anticipation of future sales growth and the expansion of our sales and marketing support operations in anticipation of future sales growth. Resort Operations and Club Management For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Resort operations and club management revenue 195,642 180,317 Resort operations and club management expense (112,502) (102,248) Operating profit - resort operations and club management 83,140 42 78,069 43 Add: Depreciation and amortization 676 770 Add: Loss on assets held for sale 5 75 Adjusted EBITDA - resort operations and club management 83,821 78,914 
 Resort Operations and Club Management Revenue. Resort operations and club management revenue increased 8 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost reimbursement revenue, which consists of payroll and other operating expenses which we incur and pass through to the HOAs, increased 12 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost reimbursement revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in headcount and higher wages. 

 56 

Excluding cost reimbursement revenue, resort operations and club management revenue increased 6 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in management fees commensurate with higher HOA resort operating costs and an additional resort management contract, partially offset by higher labor cost of providing such services. Our resort network included a total of 69 and 68 Club and Club Associate Resorts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We managed 50 and 49 resort properties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Resort Operations and Club Management Expense. Excluding cost reimbursement expense, resort operations and club management expense increased 6 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased compensation costs incurred during 2022 as a result of higher staffing levels and the competitive labor market . Bluegreen Corporate and Other For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) General and administrative expenses - corporate and other (97,427) (87,990) Other income, net 1,867 930 Add: Share - based compensation expense 3,384 1,036 Loss (gain) on assets held for sale (45) (62) Add: Depreciation and amortization 7,940 8,927 Adjusted EBITDA - Corporate and other (84,281) (77,159) 
 General and Administrative Expenses Corporate and Other. General and administrative expenses directly attributable to corporate overhead were 97.4 million and 88.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily due higher legal fees associated with exit firms and other litigation as described further in Note 12 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statement included in Item 8, as well as higher information technology costs. Interest Expense. Interest expense unrelated to receivable-backed debt was 18.2 million and 12.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in such interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to higher outstanding debt balances and a higher weighted-average cost of borrowing. The weighted average cost of borrowing excluding receivable-backed debt as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 8.4 compared to approximately 5.6 as of December 31, 2021. Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations. The Company includes in its consolidated financial statements the results of operations and financial condition of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, Bluegreen s 51 -owned subsidiary. Net income attributable to non-controlling interest is the portion of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations that is attributable to Big Cedar LLC, which holds the remaining 49 interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations. Net income attributable to the non-controlling interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations was 16.9 million and 13.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in net income attributable to the non-controlling interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflects higher sales of VOIs and operating profit at Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations . 

 57 

BVH Corporate and Other BVH Corporate and Other primarily includes the following: BVH s corporate general and administrative expenses; Interest expense associated with Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures and the note payable to BBX Capital; and Interest income on interest-bearing cash accounts . Corporate General and Administrative Expenses BVH s corporate general and administrative expenses were 2.1 million and 2.6 million for the years ended Decemb er 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and consist primarily of costs associated with BVH being a publicly traded company (including, but not limited to, executive compensation, shareholder relations, and legal and audit expenses). Interest Expense BVH s interest expense was 6.9 million and 7.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 3.0 million of interest expense on the note payable to BBX Capital issued in connection with the spin-off of BBX Capital in September 2020. The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to the 25.0 million repayment on the note to BBX Capital in December 2021, partially offset by higher interest rates on the Woodbridge debentures. Provision for Income Taxes from Continuing Operations The provision for income taxes was 26.2 million and 26.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s effective income tax rate was approximately 29 and 31 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective income tax rate differed from the expected federal income tax rate of 21 due to the impact of the Company s nondeductible executive compensation and state income taxes. Changes in Financial Condition The following table summarizes the Company s cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities (12,893) 76,966 Cash flows used in investing activities (15,098) (13,598) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 71,440 (137,393) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 43,449 (74,025) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities The Company s operating cash flow decreased 89.9 million during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflecting the following: the acquisition of VOI inventory in Vail, Colorado of 18.6 million; the acquisition of VOI inventory in Panama City Beach, Florida of 78.0 million; and an increase in our VOI notes receivable portfolio; partially offset by increased operating profit in 2022 reflecting the stronger 2022 performance; and decreased cash paid for income taxes. Cash Flows in Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities was 15.1 million and 13.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and consisted primarily of spending on IT equipment and sales office expansions and renovations. 

 58 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities was 208.8 million higher during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a 266.2 million increase in net borrowings in 2022 which was attributable in large part to the 2022 Term Securitization discussed below, the acquisition loan for the new resort in Panama City Beach, Florida, additional borrowings under the syndicated warehouse facility, and 60.0 million of net borrowings on the Fifth-Third Line of Credit. These increased borrowings were partially offset by 76.1 million of cash used in connection with the cash tender offer in 2022, an increase of 27.2 million in repurchases of shares under the Company s share repurchase program, and 9.0 million of dividends paid during 2022 with no such dividends in 2021. For additional information on the availability of cash from existing credit facilities, as well as repayment obligations, see Liquidity and Capital Resources below. Seasonality The Company has historically experienced, and expects to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in its revenues and results of operations. This seasonality has resulted, and may continue to result, in fluctuations in quarterly operating results. Due to consumer travel patterns, we typically experience more tours and higher VOI sales volume during the second and third quarters. Liquidity and Capital Resources BVH Parent Company The Company, at its parent company level, is a holding company with limited operations. It currently expects to incur approximately 2.0 million annually in executive compensation expenses and public company costs as well as annual interest expense of approximately 7.0 million to 7.5 million associated with Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures and the note payable to BBX Capital, each as described below. These amounts are based on current expectations and assumptions, currently available information and, with respect to interest expense on Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures, interest rates as of December 31 , 2022. Such assumptions and expectations may not prove to be accurate, interest rates may continue to increase and, accordingly or otherwise, actual expenses may exceed the amounts expected. As of December 31, 2022, the Company, excluding its subsidiaries, had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of approximately 4.3 million. Its primary source of liquidity for the foreseeable future is expected to be its available cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments and distributions from Bluegreen. BVH is dependent on the payment of distributions from Bluegreen to fund its operations and debt service requirements. There is no assurance that Bluegreen will pay distributions in the amounts required to fund BVH s needs or at all. In connection with the spin-off of BBX Capital in September 2020, BVH issued a 75.0 million note payable to BBX Capital that accrues interest at a rate of 6 per annum and requires payments of interest on a quarterly basis. Under the terms of the note, BVH has the option in its discretion to defer interest payments under the note, with interest on the entire outstanding balance thereafter to accrue at a cumulative, compounded rate of 8 per annum until such time as all accrued payments under the note are brought current, including deferred interest. In December 2021, BVH repaid 25.0 million on the note payable to BBX Capital. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance on the note was 50.0 million. All outstanding amounts under the note will become due and payable in September 2025 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Woodbridge, had 65.4 million in junior subordinated debentures outstanding as of December 31 , 2022. Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures accrue interest at a rate of 3-month LIBOR plus a spread ranging from 3.80 to 3.85 , mature between 2035 and 2036, and require interest payments on a quarterly basis. Except as otherwise noted, the debts and obligations of Bluegreen are not direct obligations of BVH and generally are non-recourse to BVH. Similarly, the assets of Bluegreen are not available to BVH absent a distribution. Furthermore, 

 59 

certain of Bluegreen s credit facilities contain terms which could limit the payment of distributions without the lender s consent or waiver. BVH may also seek additional liquidity in the future from outside sources, including traditional bank financing, secured or unsecured indebtedness, or the issuance of equity and/or debt securities. However, these alternatives may not be available to BVH on attractive terms, or at all. The inability to raise funds through such sources when or to the extent needed would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. In August 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program which authorized the repurchase of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock at an aggregate cost of up to 40.0 million. In March 2022, the Company s board of directors approved a 50.0 million increase in the aggregate cost of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that may be repurchased under the program. The Company repurchased and retired 1,911,980 shares of Class A Common Stock under the share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of 54.4 million. The Company repurchased and retired 1,182,339 shares of Class A Common Stock and 18,996 shares of Class B Common Stock under the share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2021 for an aggregate purchase price of 27.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, 8.3 million remained available for the repurchase of shares under the Company s share repurchase program. During each of the second, third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company paid a quarterly cash dividend on its Class A and Class B Common Stock of 0.15 per share which totaled 3.1 million, 2.9 million, and 3.0 million, respectively, and 9.0 million in the aggregate. On February 15, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.20 per share on its Class A and Class B Common Stock, which totaled 3.2 million in the aggregate, and is payable on March 20, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of trading on March 6, 2023. The Company did not pay any dividends during 2021. In addition to share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase program, during December 2022, the Company completed a cash tender offer pursuant to which it purchased and retired 3,040,882 shares of its Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of 25.00 per share, or an aggregate purchase price of 76.0 million, excluding fees and expenses related to the tender offer. Bluegreen Bluegreen believes that it has sufficient liquidity from the sources described below to fund its operations, including its anticipated working capital, capital expenditure, and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future, subject to the success of its operations and initiatives and the ongoing availability of credit. Bluegreen s primary sources of funds from internal operations are: (i) cash sales; (ii) down payments on VOI sales which are financed; (iii) proceeds from borrowings collateralized by notes receivable; (iv) cash from finance operations; and (v) net cash generated from sales and marketing fee-based services and other fee-based services, including resort management operations. The ability to borrow against notes receivable from VOI buyers has been critical to Bluegreen s continued liquidity. A financed VOI buyer is generally only required to pay a minimum of 10 of the purchase price in cash at the time of sale; however, selling, marketing and administrative expenses attributable to the sale are primarily cash expenses that generally exceed a buyer s minimum required down payment. Accordingly, having financing facilities available to borrow against Bluegreen s VOI notes receivable has been critical to its ability to meet its short and long-term cash needs. Bluegreen has attempted to maintain a number of diverse financing facilities. Historically, Bluegreen has relied on the term securitization market in order to generate liquidity and create capacity in its receivable facilities. In addition, maintaining adequate VOI inventory to sell and pursue growth into new markets requires Bluegreen to use cash on hand or incur debt for the acquisition, construction and development of new resorts. In July 2022, the Company purchased 46 one-bedroom units at a resort in Vail, Colorado for 18.6 million. I n October 2022, the Company purchased a resort located in Panama City Beach, Florida for approximately 78.0 million. In connection with the Panama City Beach acquisition, Bluegreen received an Acquisition and Renovation Loan, as described below. W e expect to spend between 65.0 million and 70.0 million on improvements to the Vail and Panama City Beach resorts over the next 1- 3 years. Bluegreen continues to pursue opportunities for new resort or land acquisitions. Development 

 60 

expenditures in 2023 are expected to range between 190.0 million to 200.0 million. There is no assurance that any resort, land or development activity or acquisition will be completed or be successful. Bluegreen has entered into agreements with third-party developers that allow Bluegreen to buy VOI inventory, typically on a non-committed basis, prior to when it intends to sell such VOIs. Bluegreen also enters into secondary market arrangements with certain HOAs and others generally on a non-committed basis, which allows Bluegreen to acquire VOIs generally at a significant discount, as such VOIs are typically obtained by the HOAs through foreclosure in connection with maintenance fee defaults. Acquisition of JIT and secondary market inventory, both of which are considered Bluegreen-owned inventory, is expected to range between 10.0 million to 15.0 million in 2023. As described above, Bluegreen s ability to borrow against its VOI notes receivable has historically been a critical factor in Bluegreen s liquidity. If Bluegreen is unable to renew credit facilities or obtain new credit facilities, Bluegreen s business, results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition would be materially, adversely impacted. In April 2022, Bluegreen completed a private offering and sale of 172.0 million of VOI receivable-backed notes (the 2022 Term Securitization ). The 2022 Term Securitization consisted of the issuance of three tranches of VOI receivable-backed notes (collectively, the Notes as follows: 71.0 million of Class A Notes, 56.5 million of Class B Notes, and 44.5 million of Class C Notes. The interest rates on the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes are 4.12 , 4.61 and 5.35 , respectively, which blends to an overall weighted average note interest rate of approximately 4.60 . The gross advance rate for this transaction was 88.3 . The Notes mature in September 2037. Approximately 194.7 million of VOI receivables were sold to BXG Receivables Note Trust 2022-A (the Trust in the transaction. The gross proceeds of such sales to the Trust were 171.9 million. A portion of the proceeds were used to: repay 53.2 million under the Syndicated Warehouse Facility, representing all amounts outstanding under the facility at that time; repay 11.0 million under the Liberty Bank Facility; repay 16.1 million under the Pacific Western Bank Facility; capitalize a reserve fund; and pay fees and expenses associated with the transaction. Prior to the closing of the 2022 Term Securitization, Bluegreen, as servicer, funded 4.9 million in connection with the servicer redemption of the notes related to the 2013 Term Securitization and certain of the VOI notes in such trust were sold to the Trust in connection with the 2022 Term Securitization. The remainder of the gross proceeds from the 2022 Term Securitization were used for general corporate purposes. Subject to performance of the collateral, Bluegreen will receive any excess cash flows generated by the receivables transferred under the 2022 Term Securitization (excess meaning after payments of customary fees, interest and principal under the 2022 Term Securitization) on a pro-rata basis as borrowers make payments on their VOI loans. While ownership of the VOI receivables included in the 2022 Term Securitization is transferred and sold for legal purposes, the transfer of these receivables is accounted for as a secured borrowing for financial accounting purposes. Accordingly, no gain or loss was recognized as a result of this transaction. Bluegreen has 25.7 million of required contractual obligations due to be paid within one year and one facility with advance periods scheduled to expire within one year. While there is no assurance that Bluegreen will be successful, Bluegreen intends to seek to renew or extend its debt and extend its advance periods on certain facilities. Bluegreen s level of debt and debt service requirements have several important effects on its operations and in turn on the Company, including that: (i) significant debt service cash requirements reduce the funds available for operations and future business opportunities and increase Bluegreen s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, as well as conditions in the credit markets, generally; (ii) Bluegreen s leverage position increases its vulnerability to economic and competitive pressures; (iii) the financial covenants and other restrictions contained in indentures, credit agreements and other agreements relating to its indebtedness require Bluegreen to meet certain financial tests and may restrict Bluegreen s ability to, among other things, pay dividends, borrow additional funds, dispose of assets or make investments; and (iv) Bluegreen s leverage position may limit funds available for acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, dividends and other general corporate purposes. Certain of Bluegreen s competitors may operate on a less leveraged basis and may have greater operating and financial flexibility than Bluegreen does. Credit Facilities for Receivables with Future Availability 

 61 

Bluegreen maintains various credit facilities with financial institutions which allow it to borrow against or sell its VOI notes receivable. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen had the following credit facilities with future availability, all of which are subject to terms and conditions during the advance period (dollars in thousands): Borrowing Limit as of December 31, 2022 Outstanding Balance as of December 31, 2022 Availability as of December 31, 2022 Advance Period Expiration; Borrowing Maturity as of December 31, 2022 Borrowing Rate; Rate as of December 31, 2022 Liberty Bank Facility 40,000 9,907 30,093 June 2024; June 2026 Prime - 0.50 ; floor of 3.00 ; 6.50 (1) NBA Receivables Facility 70,000 30,866 39,134 September 2023; March 2028 30 day LIBOR+2.25 ; floor of 3.00 ; 6.62 (2) Pacific Western Facility 50,000 5,841 44,159 September 2024; September 2027 1-month SOFR +2.50 ; floor of 2.75 (3) ; 6.82 Syndicated Warehouse Facility 250,000 104,953 145,047 September 2025; September 2026 1-month SOFR +1.75 ; interest rate floor of 2.00 (4) ; 5.87 410,000 151,567 258,433 
 (1) Recourse is limited to 5.0 million, subject to certain exceptions. (2) Borrowings accrue interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.25 (with an interest rate floor of 3.00 ). Recourse to Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations is limited to 10.0 million, subject to certain exceptions. (3) Recourse is limited to 7.5 million, subject to certain exceptions. (4) Borrowings accrue interest at a rate equal to one-month SOFR plus 1.75 . The interest rate will increase to the applicable rate plus 2.75 upon the expiration of the advance period. See Note 10 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 for additional information with respect to Bluegreen s receivable-backed notes payable facilities. Other Credit Facilities Fifth Third Syndicated Line-of-Credit and Fifth Third Syndicated Term Loan. Bluegreen s has a corporate credit facility which included a 100.0 million term loan (the Fifth Third Syndicated Loan with quarterly amortization requirements and a 125.0 million revolving line of credit (the Fifth Third Syndicated LOC as of December 31, 2021 . In February 2022, Bluegreen amended the facility, which included a 75.0 million increase to the revolving line. Borrowings generally bear interest at a rate of term SOFR plus 1.75-2.50 and a 0.05 -0.10 credit spread adjustment, depending on Bluegreen s leverage ratio . The amendment also extended the maturity date from October 2024 to February 2027. Borrowings are collateralized by certain VOI inventory, sales center buildings, management fees, short-term receivables and cash flows from residual interests relating to certain term securitizations. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding borrowings under the facility totaled 166.3 million, including 96.3 million under the Fifth Third Syndicated Term Loan with an interest rate of 5.40 , and 70.0 million under the Fifth Third Syndicated Line of Credit with an interest rate of 5.92 . Panama City Beach Acquisition Loan. In October 2022, Bluegreen purchased the property and other assets of a resort located in Panama City Beach, Florida for approximately 78.0 million. In connection with this acquisition, Bluegreen entered into a non-revolving acquisition loan (the Panama City Beach Acquisition Loan with National Bank of 

 62 

Arizona NBA for the acquisition and renovation of the resort. The Panama City Beach Acquisition Loan provides for advances of up to 96.6 million, provided, however, that the total advances may not exceed 70 of the acquisition and renovation costs. Advances may be made during a 36-month advance period. Approximately 54.5 million was advanced at closing for the acquisition of the resort. The remainder of the purchase price was paid in cash. Principal payments will be effected through release payments from sales of the completed VOIs, subject to a minimum amortization schedule, with the remaining balance due at maturity in October 2027. Borrowings under the Panama City Beach Acquisition Loan bear interest at an annual rate equal to one-month term SOFR plus 2.25 , subject to a floor of 2.40 . Recourse is limited to 30 of the principal and interest outstanding, with decreases based on achieving certain milestones and subject to certain exceptions. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding borrowings under the facility totaled 54.5 million. Bluegreen also has outstanding obligations under various securitizations that have no remaining future availability as the advance periods have expired. Commitments The following table summarizes the contractual minimum principal and interest payments required on all of the Company s outstanding debt and non-cancelable operating leases by period due date, as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations Less than 1 year 1 3 Years 4 5 Years After 5 Years Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Total Receivable-backed notes payable 4,630 136,836 325,287 (5,131) 461,622 Bluegreen notes payable and other borrowings 16,000 50,000 154,750 (2,012) 218,738 BVH note payable to BBX Capital, Inc. 50,000 50,000 Jr. subordinated debentures (1) 170,897 (914) 169,983 Noncancelable operating leases (2) 5,781 5,719 3,813 21,977 37,290 Bass Pro Settlement (3) 4,000 4,000 Contractual interest (4) 51,366 99,194 72,123 216,778 439,461 Total contractual obligations 77,147 209,543 367,522 734,939 (8,057) 1,381,094 
 (1) Amounts do not include purchase accounting adjustments for junior subordinated debentures of 34.0 million. (2) Amounts represent the cash payment for leases and includes interest of 9.6 million. (3) Amounts represent the 4.0 million annual cash payment to Bass Pro due in 2024 pursuant to the June 2019 settlement agreement. (4) Assumes that the scheduled minimum principal payments are made in accordance with the table above and the interest rate on variable rate debt remains the same as the rate at December 31, 2022. The future commitments of BVH relate to Woodbridge s junior subordinated debentures and the note payable to BBX Capital, including interest thereon. BVH will rely primarily on cash on hand and cash equivalents, as well as dividends, if any, that may be paid by Bluegreen in the future, in order to satisfy the principal payments required on its contractual obligations. As discussed above, while BVH believes that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund its operations for the foreseeable future, it will be dependent on the payment of distributions by Bluegreen to fund its operations and debt service requirements in future periods. There is no assurance that Bluegreen will pay distributions in amounts required to fund BVH s needs or at all. In lieu of paying maintenance fees for unsold VOI inventory, Bluegreen may enter into subsidy agreements with certain HOAs. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bluegreen made payments related to such subsidies of 27.5 million and 24.9 million, respectively, which are included within cost of other fee-based services in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for such years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bluegreen had 0.6 million and 0.2 million, respectively, accrued for such subsidies, which are included in accrued liabilities and other in the audited consolidated balance sheet as of such dates. 

 63 

Bluegreen intends to use cash on hand and cash flow from operations, including cash received from the sale or pledge of VOI notes receivable, and cash received from new borrowings under existing or future credit facilities in order to satisfy the principal and interest payments required on contractual obligations. Bluegreen believes that its existing cash, anticipated cash generated from operations, anticipated future permitted borrowings under existing or future credit facilities, and anticipated future sales of notes receivable under existing, future or replacement purchase facilities will be sufficient to meet its anticipated working capital, capital expenditure and debt service requirements, including the contractual payment of the Bluegreen obligations set forth above, for the foreseeable future subject to the success of its ongoing business strategies, the ongoing availability of credit and the impact of general economic conditions, including supply chain constraints, labor shortages, inflation, and increasing interest rates. Bluegreen will continue its efforts to renew, extend or replace any credit and receivables purchase facilities that have expired or that will expire in the near term. Bluegreen may, in the future, also obtain additional credit facilities and may issue corporate debt. Any debt incurred or issued may be secured or unsecured, bear interest at fixed or variable rates and may be subject to such terms as the lender may require and management believes acceptable. There can be no assurance that Bluegreen s efforts to renew or replace credit facilities or receivables purchase facilities which have expired or which are scheduled to expire in the near term will be successful or that sufficient funds will be available from operations or under existing, proposed or future revolving credit or other borrowing arrangements or receivables purchase facilities to meet Bluegreen s cash needs, including debt service obligations. To the extent Bluegreen is unable to sell notes receivable or borrow under such facilities, its ability to satisfy its obligations would be materially adversely affected. Bluegreen s receivables purchase facilities, credit facilities, indentures and other outstanding debt instruments include what Bluegreen believes to be customary conditions to funding, eligibility requirements for collateral, cross-default and other acceleration provisions and certain financial and other affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, limits on the incurrence of indebtedness, payment of dividends, investments in joint ventures and other restricted payments, the incurrence of liens and transactions with affiliates, as well as covenants concerning net worth, fixed charge coverage requirements, debt-to-equity ratios, portfolio performance requirements and cash balances, and events of default or termination. In the future, Bluegreen may be required to seek waivers of such covenants, but may not be successful in obtaining waivers, and such covenants may limit its ability to raise funds, sell receivables or satisfy or refinance its obligations, or otherwise adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations, as well as its ability to pay distributions. Bluegreen s future operating performance and ability to meet its financial obligations will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which may be beyond its control. As previously disclosed, Bluegreen has an exclusive marketing agreement through 2024 with Bass Pro that provides the Company with the right to market and sell vacation packages at kiosks in each of Bass Pro s retail locations and through other means. Bluegreen entered into a settlement agreement and revised marketing arrangement with Bass Pro and its affiliates during June 2019. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Bluegreen agreed to make five annual payments to Bass Pro of 4.0 million, which commenced in January 2020. Additionally, in lieu of the previous commission arrangement, Bluegreen agreed to pay Bass Pro a fixed annual fee for each Bass Pro and Cabela s retail store that Bluegreen accessed or was required to access and an amount per net vacation package sold. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen had sales and marketing operations at a total of 129 Bass Pro Shops and Cabela s Stores. In December 2022, Bluegreen reorganized certain of its marketing operations, including the elimination of lower performing marketing programs and transitioned its kiosks at certain lower volume Cabela s stores to an unmanned, virtual format as of January 1, 2023. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bluegreen paid 8.3 million and 7.4 million, respectively, which is included in selling, marketing, and general expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for such years. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen paid Bass Pro 8.3 million in payment of the 2023 fixed fee, which is included in prepaid expenses in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Off-balance-sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

 64 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The Company s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires it to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of commitments and contingencies. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those that relate to the estimated future sales value of inventory, the recognition of revenue and its allowance for loan losses. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates if different assumptions and conditions were utilized. If actual results differ significantly from its estimates, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially, adversely impacted. Revenue Recognition for Sales of VOIs The Company generally offers qualified purchasers financing for up to 90 of the purchase price of VOIs. The typical financing provides for a term of ten years and a fixed interest rate, is fully amortizing in equal installments and may be prepaid without penalty. For sales of VOIs for which the Company provides financing, it has reduced the transaction price for expected loan losses, which it considers to be variable consideration. To the extent the Company determines that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized may occur, it records an estimate of variable consideration as a reduction to the transaction price of the sales of VOIs until the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The Company s estimate of variable consideration is based on the results of its static pool analysis, which relies on historical payment data for similar VOI notes receivable and tracks uncollectibles for each period s sales over the entire life of the VOI notes receivable. The Company also considers whether historical economic conditions are comparable to then current economic conditions, as well as variations in underwriting standards. The Company s policies regarding the estimation of variable consideration on its notes receivable are discussed in further detail under Allowance for Loan Losses on VOI Notes Receivable below. Allowance for Loan Losses on VOI Notes Receivable The allowance for loan losses is related to the notes receivable generated in connection with financing the Company s VOI sales. The Company holds large amounts of homogeneous VOI notes receivable and assess uncollectibility based on pools of receivables as there are no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual counterparty or groups of counterparties. In estimating future loan losses, the Company does not use a single primary indicator of credit quality but instead evaluates its VOI notes receivable based upon a static pool analysis that incorporates the age of the respective receivables, default trends and prepayment rates by origination year, as well as the FICO scores of the borrowers and the mix of new versus existing owner loans. Inventory and Cost of Sales The Company carries its completed inventory at the lower of: (i) cost, including costs of improvements and amenities incurred subsequent to acquisition, capitalized interest, real estate taxes and other costs incurred during construction, or (ii) estimated fair market value, less costs to sell. The Company uses the relative sales value method for establishing the cost of its VOI sales and relieving inventory, which requires it to make estimates subject to significant uncertainty. Under the relative sales value method required by timeshare accounting rules, cost of sales is calculated as a percentage of net sales using a cost-of-sales percentage based on the ratio of total estimated development costs to total estimated VOI revenue, including the estimated incremental revenue from the resale of VOI inventory repossessed, generally as a result of the default of the related receivable. Also, pursuant to timeshare accounting rules, the Company does not relieve inventory for VOI cost of sales related to anticipated loan losses. Accordingly, no adjustment is made when inventory is reacquired upon default of the related receivable. The effect of changes in estimates under the relative sales value method, including estimates of projected sales, future defaults, upgrades and incremental revenue from the resale of repossessed VOI inventory, are reflected on a retrospective basis in the period the change occurs. 

 65 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate Risk The primary impact of rising interest rates on the Company is the increased cost of borrowings associated with its variable-rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 506.3 million of variable-rate debt outstanding and 424.4 million of unused borrowing capacity under its credit facilities. Based on the balances at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1 increase in interest rates would increase the annual amount of interest payable by approximately 5.1 million and would increase the cost of borrowings drawn on available capacity by 0.6 million for every 10.0 million of incremental borrowings. 

 66 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s (PCAOB ID and 67 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 72 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 202 1 and 2020 73 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 75 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 76 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 78 

67 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for the years then ended , and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 13, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 

 68 

Allowance for Loan Losses Description of the Matter As of December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for loan losses was 211 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, for sales of vacation ownership interests VOIs for which the Company provides financing, the Company records an estimate of variable consideration for expected loan losses as a reduction of the transaction price. The Company s estimates of variable consideration are based on an estimate of future loan losses that are the result of its static pool analysis, which relies on historical payment data for similar VOI notes receivable and tracks uncollectible loans for each period s sales over the entire life of the VOI notes receivable. The Company also considers whether historical economic conditions are comparable to then current economic conditions. Auditing the Company s allowance for loan losses was challenging because significant audit effort is required as the static pool analyses are complex and contain a significant volume of data. Furthermore, the allowance for loan losses was sensitive to management s assumptions regarding future loan losses. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s allowance for loan losses process. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the static pool analyses, including the significant inputs to the analyses and assumptions regarding future loan losses. To test the allowance for loan losses, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodologies used, evaluating the assumptions regarding future loan losses as discussed above, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the static pool analyses, including the significant inputs to the analyses. For example, we agreed inputs to the static pool analyses to historical data and source documentation. We also compared the assumptions regarding future loan losses to the Company s historical and current loan loss data and performed a retrospective review of prior analyses. We involved real estate subject matter resources because the static pool analyses are unique to companies in the real estate time-sharing industry. 
 /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 13, 2023 

 69 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Shareholders Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation (a Florida corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 1, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical audit matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates . Allowance for loan losses As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, for sales of vacation ownership interests VOIs for which the Company provides financing, the Company records an estimate of variable consideration for expected loan losses as a reduction of the transaction price. The Company s estimates of variable consideration are based on projected default rates that are the result of a static pool analysis, which relies on historical payment data for similar VOI notes receivable, and tracks uncollectible loans for each period s sales over the entire life of the VOI notes receivable. A further qualitative analysis is performed by the Company which considers whether any economic, market or portfolio specific conditions exist that may indicate an adjustment is necessary to properly reflect the impact on the allowance for loan losses. We identified the determination of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter. 

 70 

Auditing the allowance for loan losses was challenging given the significant and complex judgement required to accurately predict future losses over the life of the VOI notes receivable, including the determination of whether any qualitative adjustments are necessary. Our audit procedures related to the allowance for loan losses included the following, among others. We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s allowance for loan losses on VOI notes receivable process, including controls over management s review of the static pool analysis, as well as the data and assumptions utilized in applying the static pool analysis. We tested management s process for determining the allowance as follows: o We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying historical loss data used by the Company in the static pool analysis. o We compared the projected default rates from the static pool analysis to historical and current default rates. o We evaluated qualitative adjustments made to the allowance, which included assessing the basis for those adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used. o We performed a retrospective review of the prior year allowance to evaluate the reliability of the Company s estimates of future defaults. /s/ We served as the Company s auditor from 2015 to 2020. March 1, 2021 

 71 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share and per share data) As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and in VIEs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Notes receivable Less: Allowance for loan loss Notes receivable, net and in VIEs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Vacation ownership interest VOI inventory Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease assets Prepaid expenses Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Accounts payable Deferred income Accrued liabilities and other Receivable-backed notes payable - recourse Receivable-backed notes payable - non-recourse (in VIEs) Note payable to BBX Capital, Inc. Other notes payable and borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 12) Equity Preferred Stock of par value; authorized shares Class A Common Stock of par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding in 2022 and in 2021 Class B Common Stock of par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding in 2022 and in 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Total Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 72 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (In thousands, except per share data) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Gross sales of VOIs Provision for loan losses Sales of VOIs Fee-based sales commission revenue Other fee-based services revenue Cost reimbursements Interest income Other income, net Total revenues Costs and Expenses: Cost of VOIs sold Cost of other fee-based services Cost reimbursements Interest expense Selling, general and administrative expenses Other expense, net Total costs and expenses Income (loss) before income taxes (Provision) benefit for income taxes Income (loss) from continuing operations Discontinued operations (Loss) Income from discontinued operations Benefit for income taxes Net income (loss) from discontinued operations Net income (loss) Less: Income attributable to noncontrolling interests - continuing operations Less: Loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - discontinued operations Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders Basic earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations Basic earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations Basic earnings (loss) per share (1) Diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations Diluted earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations Diluted earnings (loss) per share (1) Cash dividends declared per Class A and B common shares 
 (1) 

 73 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Continued) (In thousands, except per share data) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized loss on securities available for sale Other comprehensive loss, net Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to shareholders 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 74 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (In thousands) Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Class Common Stock Class Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shareholders Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity A B A B Balance, December 31, 2019 Net income excluding of loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interest Reversal of accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income Bluegreen purchase and retirement of its common stock Distributions to noncontrolling interests Conversion of common stock from Class B to Class A Spin-off of BBX Capital, Inc. Accelerated vesting of restricted stock awards Share-based compensation Balance, December 31, 2020 Distributions to noncontrolling interests Bluegreen Vacations Corporation short-form merger Conversion of common stock from Class B to Class A - Share-based compensation Purchase and retirement of common stock Net income Balance, December 31, 2021 Distributions to noncontrolling interests - Dividends to shareholders Tender offer Conversion of common stock from Class B to Class A Share-based compensation Purchase and retirement of common stock Net income Balance, December 31, 2022 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 75 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Recoveries from loan losses, net, from discontinued operations Provision for loan losses Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net Share-based compensation expense Net losses on sales of real estate and property and equipment Equity earnings of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Return on investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Loss on the deconsolidation of IT SUGAR, LLC Increase (decrease) in deferred income tax liability Impairment losses Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Notes receivable VOI inventory Trade inventory Real estate inventory Prepaids expense and other assets Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other, and deferred income Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities Investing activities: Return of investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Proceeds from repayment of loans receivable Proceeds from sales of real estate Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Additions to real estate Purchases of property and equipment Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities 

76 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (In thousands) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities: Repayments of notes payable, line of credit facilities and other borrowings Proceeds from notes payable and other borrowings Redemption of junior subordinated debentures Payments for debt issuance costs Cash transferred in spin-off of BBX Capital, Inc. Merger consideration Purchase and retirement of common stock Dividends paid on common stock Distributions to noncontrolling interests Tender offer Purchase and retirement of subsidiary common stock Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid on borrowings, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes refunded Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Transfer of property and equipment to VOI inventory Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 77 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS of Bluegreen Vacations Corporation Bluegreen ). Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation as a standalone entity without its subsidiaries is referred to as BVH . Unless stated to the contrary or the context otherwise requires, Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation with its subsidiaries, including Bluegreen, is referred to herein as the Company , we , us or our . On September 30, 2020, the Company completed its spin-off of BBX Capital, Inc. BBX Capital ). BBX Capital was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company prior to the spin off and became a separate public company as a result of the spin-off. BBX Capital holds all of the historical business and investments of the Company other than the Company s investment in Bluegreen. Bluegreen is a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells VOIs and manages resorts in popular leisure and urban destinations. As a result of the spin-off, all of the Company s operations and activities relate to the operations and activities of Bluegreen. BBX Capital and its subsidiaries are presented as discontinued operations in the Company s financial statements. In connection with the spin-off, the Company s name was changed from BBX Capital Corporation to Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation. The Company also issued a million note payable to BBX Capital (of which million remained outstanding at December 31, 2022) that accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires payments of interest on a quarterly basis. Under the terms of the note, the Company has the option in its discretion to defer interest payments under the note, with interest on the entire outstanding balance thereafter to accrue at a cumulative, compounded rate of per annum until such time as the Company is current on all accrued payments under the note, including deferred interest. All remaining outstanding amounts under the note will become due and payable in September 2025 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. Prior to May 5, 2021, the Company owned approximately of Bluegreen s outstanding common stock. On May 5, 2021, the Company acquired all of the approximately of the outstanding shares of Bluegreen s common stock not previously owned by the Company through a statutory short-form merger under Florida law. In connection with the merger, Bluegreen s shareholders (other than the Company received shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock for each share of Bluegreen s common stock that they held at the effective time of the merger (subject to rounding up of fractional shares). T he Company issued approximately million shares of its Class A Common Stock in connection with the merger. As a result of the completion of the merger, Bluegreen became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and its common stock was no longer publicly traded . In July 2020, the Company effected a one-for-five reverse split of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Share and per share amounts set forth herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the one-for-five reverse stock split as if it had occurred as of January 1, 2020. Bluegreen is a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells vacation ownership interests VOIs and manages resorts in popular leisure and urban destinations. Bluegreen s resorts are primarily located in high-volume, drive-to vacation locations, including Orlando, Las Vegas, the Smoky Mountains, Myrtle Beach, Charleston, the Branson, Missouri area and New Orleans, among others. The resorts in which Bluegreen markets, sells, and manages VOIs were either developed or acquired by Bluegreen, or were developed and are owned by third parties. Bluegreen earns fees for providing sales and marketing services to third party developers. Bluegreen also earns fees for providing management services to the Bluegreen Vacation Club Vacation Club and homeowners associations HOAs ), mortgage servicing, VOI title services, reservation services, and construction design and development services. In addition, Bluegreen provides financing to qualified VOI purchasers, which generates significant interest income. 

 78 

79 

of the purchase price of VOIs. The typical financing provides for a term of and a fixed interest rate, is fully amortizing in equal installments and may be prepaid without penalty. For sales of VOIs for which it provides financing, the Company reduces the transaction price for expected loan losses, which it considers to be variable consideration. The Company s estimates of the variable consideration are based on the results of its static pool analysis, which relies on historical payment data for similar VOI notes receivable. Policies regarding the estimation of variable consideration on notes receivable are discussed in further detail under Notes Receivable below. VOI Sales where no financing was provided do not have any significant payment terms. Fee-based sales commission revenue. The Company enters into arrangements with third-party developers to sell VOIs through its sales and marketing platform for which it earns a commission. Commission revenue is recognized to the extent that , it is probable that a significant reversal of such revenue will not occur and the related consumer rescission period has expired. C ommission revenue is recognized as the third-party developer receives and consumes the benefits of these services. Other fee-based services revenue and cost reimbursements. Revenue in connection with other fee-based services (which are described below) is recognized as follows: Resort and club management revenue is recognized as services are rendered. These services provided to the resort HOAs are comprised of day-to-day services to operate the resort, including management, housekeeping, and maintenance, as well as certain accounting and administrative functions. Management services provided to the Vacation Club include managing the reservation system and providing owner, billing and collection services. Our management contracts are typically structured as cost-plus with an initial term of and automatic renewals. The Company believes these services to be a series of distinct goods and services to be accounted for as a single performance obligation over time and recognize revenue as the customer receives the benefits of its services. The Company allocates variable consideration to the distinct good or service within the series, such that revenue from management fees and cost reimbursements is recognized in each period as the uncertainty with respect to such variable consideration is resolved. Cost reimbursements are received for performing day to day management services, based on agreements with the HOAs. These costs primarily consist of payroll and payroll related costs for management of the HOAs and other services provided where we are the employer. Cost reimbursements are based upon actual expenses and are billed to the HOA on a monthly basis. The Company recognizes cost reimbursements when they incur the related reimbursable costs as the HOA receives and consumes the benefits of the management services. Resort title fee revenue is recognized when escrow amounts are released and title documents are completed. Rental revenue is recognized on a daily basis which is consistent with the period for which the customer benefits from such service. Mortgage servicing revenue is recognized as services are rendered. Fees received in advance are generally included in deferred income in the Company s consolidated balance sheets until such time as the related service is rendered and revenue is recognized as stated above. Under timeshare accounting rules, rental operations, including accommodations provided through the use of the sampler program, are accounted for as incidental operations whereby incremental carrying costs in excess of incremental revenue are expensed as incurred. Revenue from the sampler program is deferred and recognized as guests complete stays at the resorts. During each of the years presented, the Company s aggregate rental and sampler operating profit was less than the aggregate carrying cost of its VOI inventory. Accordingly, it recorded such profit as a reduction to the carrying cost of VOI inventory, which is included in cost of other fee-based services in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for each year. 
 
 80 

million and million, respectively, of VOI notes receivable were more than 90 days past due, and accordingly, consistent with the Company s policy, were not accruing interest income. After approximately days, VOI notes receivable are generally written off against the allowance for loan loss. to 
 
 81 

years and included within property and equipment on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Capitalized costs of software developed for internal use for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. Costs of internal development time and the costs of software under cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts are capitalized and included in prepaid expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Costs of these service contracts are amortized over the life of the contract and included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Unamortized capital costs of software service contracts totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense from these service contracts for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively . million and million, respectively. Interest expense from the amortization of deferred financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). , and , respectively, of total VOI sales volume. There can be no guarantee that Bluegreen will be able to maintain this agreement in accordance with its terms or extend or renew this agreement on similar terms, or at all. See Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies for a description of the revised terms of Bluegreen s marketing agreement with Bass Pro. 
 
 82 

As discussed in Note 14 Common Stock, the Company has two classes of common stock. The Company has not presented earnings per share under the two-class method because the earnings per share are the same for both Class A and Class B Common Stock since they are entitled to and participate in earnings in the same manner. for unvested restricted stock awards with forfeitures recognized as incurred. The fair value of unvested restricted stock awards is generally determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. million of LIBOR indexed junior subordinated debentures and million of LIBOR indexed receivable-backed notes payable. The Company expects that replacements for LIBOR will be determined as the Company renews or amends its existing debt instruments. The Company will continue to evaluate the adoption of the optional expedients and exceptions provided as circumstances evolve. 
 
 83 

Fee-based sales commission revenue (1) Resort and club management revenue (2) Cost reimbursements (2) Administrative fees and other (1) Other revenue (2) Revenue from customers Interest income (3) Other income, net Total revenue 
 (1) Included in the Company s sales of VOIs and financing segment described in Note 17. (2) Included in the Company s resort operations and club management segment described in Note 17. (3) Interest income of million, million, and million is included in the Company s sales of VOIs and financing segment described As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had commission receivables, net of an allowance, of million and million, respectively, related to sales of third-party VOIs, which are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Commission receivables relate to contracts with customers including amounts associated with the Company s contractual right to consideration for completed performance obligations and are settled when the related cash is received. Commission receivables are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional and is only contingent on the passage of time. Contract liabilities include payments received or due in advance of satisfying performance obligations, including points awarded to customers as an incentive for the purchase of VOIs that may be redeemed in the future, advance deposits on owner programs for future services, and deferred revenue on prepaid vacation packages for future stays at the Company s resorts or nearby hotels. Both points incentives and owner programs are recognized upon redemption, and deferred revenue for vacation packages are recognized net of sales of marketing expenses upon customer stays. Contract liabilities are included in deferred income in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The following table sets forth the Company s contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Owner programs Deferred Revenue vacation packages 

84 

VOI notes receivable - securitized Gross VOI notes receivable Allowance for loan losses - non-securitized Allowance for loan losses - securitized Allowance for loan losses VOI notes receivable, net Allowance as a of Gross VOI notes receivable 
 The weighted-average interest rate charged on the Company s notes receivable secured by VOIs was at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . All of the Company s VOI loans bear interest at fixed rates. The Company s VOI notes receivable are primarily secured by VOIs located in Florida, Missouri, South Carolina, Tennessee, Nevada and Virginia. Future principal payments due to the Company from notes receivable as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Allowance for Loan Losses The activity in the Company s allowance for loan losses was as follows (in thousands): Provision for loan losses Less: Write-offs of uncollectible receivables Balance, end of period 
 The Company monitors the credit quality of its receivables on an ongoing basis. The Company holds large amounts of homogeneous VOI notes receivable and assesses uncollectibility based on pools of receivables as it does not believe that there are significant concentrations of credit risk with any borrower or groups of borrowers. In estimating loan losses, the Company does not use a single primary indicator of credit quality but instead evaluate our VOI notes receivable based upon a static pool analysis that incorporates the aging of the respective receivables, default trends and prepayment rates by origination year, as well as the FICO scores of the borrowers. The Company records the difference between its VOI notes receivable and the variable consideration included in the transaction price for the sale of the related VOI as an allowance for loan losses and records the VOI notes receivables net of the allowance. Adverse changes in economic conditions, including rising interest rates and inflationary trends, have had and may continue to have, an adverse impact on the collectability of our VOI notes receivable and we are continuing to evaluate 
 
 85 

601-700 (1) Other Total 
 (1) Includes VOI notes receivable attributable to borrowers without a FICO score (who are primarily foreign borrowers) Additional information about the Company s VOI notes receivable by year of origination is as follows as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): Year of Origination 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 and Prior Total FICO Score of Borrower 701+ 601-700 (1) Other Total 
 (1) Includes VOI notes receivable attributable to borrowers without a FICO score (who are primarily foreign borrowers). The percentage of gross notes receivable outstanding by FICO score of the borrower at the time of origination were as follows: 601-700 No Score (1) Total 
 (1) Includes VOI notes receivable attributable to borrowers without a FICO score (who are primarily foreign borrowers). The Company s notes receivable are carried at amortized cost less allowance for loan losses. Interest income is suspended, and previously accrued but unpaid interest income is reversed, on all delinquent notes receivable when principal or interest payments are more than 90 days contractually past due and not resumed until such loans are less than 90 days past due. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of our VOI notes receivable were more than 90 days past due, and accordingly, consistent with our policy, were not accruing interest income. After approximately 127 days past due, VOI notes receivable are generally written off against the allowance for loan loss. Accrued interest was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included within other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets herein. 
 
 86 

31-60 days 61-90 days Over 91 days Total 
 million, million and million, respectively. The Company s maximum exposure to loss relating to its non-recourse securitization entities is the difference between the outstanding VOI notes receivable and the notes payable, plus cash reserves and any additional residual interest in future cash flows from collateral. 

 87 

Securitized notes receivable, net Receivable backed notes payable - non-recourse 
 Construction-in-progress Real estate held for future development 
 Construction-in-progress consists primarily of additional VOI units being developed at The Cliffs at Long Creek in Ridgedale, Missouri. In July 2022, the Company purchased one-bedroom units at a resort in Vail, Colorado for million. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with the purchase price allocated to VOI inventory in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. In October 2022, the Company purchased the property and other assets of a resort located in Panama City Beach, Florida for approximately million. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with the purchase price allocated million to VOI inventory and million to certain property and equipment, See Note 8 Property and equipment in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. or more. Certain of the Company s lease agreements include rental payments based on a percentage of sales generated at the location, and others include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. The Company s lease agreements do not contain residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants which the Company believes to be material. The Company recognizes operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities associated with lease agreements with an initial term of 12 months or greater, while lease agreements with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company generally does not include lease payments associated with renewal options, including those that are exercisable at its discretion, in the measurement of its operating lease assets and liabilities as it is not reasonably certain that such options will be exercised. The table below sets forth information regarding the Company s lease agreements with an initial term of greater than 12 months (dollars in thousands): 

 88 

Operating Lease Liability Weighted Average Lease Term (in years) (1) Weighted Average Discount Rate (2) 
 (1) The Company s weighted average lease term excludes two real estate leases that expire in December 2034 and May 2056. (2) As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future lease payments. To estimate incremental borrowing rates, the Company considers various factors, including the rates applicable to the Company s recently issued debt and credit facilities and prevailing financial market conditions. The Company generally recognizes lease costs associated with its operating leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term, while variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are recognized as variable lease costs in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The table below sets forth information regarding the Company s lease costs, which are included as selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the periods presented (in thousands): Short-term lease costs Variable lease costs Total operating lease costs 
 The table below sets forth information regarding the future minimum lease payments of the Company s operating lease liabilities (in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: Interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 million, million, and million, respectively, of cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company obtained million and million, respectively, of operating lease assets in exchange for new operating lease liabilities. The decrease in right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to one-time costs of million for the termination of certain leases in connection with a reorganization of certain of the Company s retail marketing operations in December 2022. Such costs are included in accrued liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

 89 

- years Computer hardware and software - years Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years Leasehold improvements - years Transportation and equipment years Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to the Company s property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accumulated amortization Total intangible assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, management contracts that were amortizing are fully amortized. 

 90 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Unamortized debt issuance costs Adjustment (1) Purchase accounting adjustment Total 
 (1) Represents the non-recourse balances of the Liberty Bank Facility, NBA Receivables Facility, and the Pacific Western Facility as described below. The minimum contractual payments set forth in the table above may differ from actual payments due to the timing of principal payments required upon (1) the sale of real estate assets that serve as collateral on certain debt, (2) cash collections of pledged or transferred notes receivable and (3) prepayments. Lines-of-Credit and Notes Payable Financial data related to our lines of credit and notes payable (other than receivable-backed notes payable, which are discussed below) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): Fifth Third Syndicated LOC Fifth Third Syndicated Term Unamortized debt issuance costs Total 
 Fifth Third Syndicated Line-of-Credit and Fifth Third Syndicated Term Loan. Bluegreen has a corporate credit facility which at December 31, 2021 included a million term loan (the Fifth Third Syndicated Loan with quarterly amortization requirements and a million revolving line of credit (the Fifth Third Syndicated LOC ). In February 2022, Bluegreen amended and increased the facility to million. The amended facility includes a million term loan with quarterly amortization requirements and a million revolving line of credit. Accordingly, the amendment and restatement increased the revolving line of credit by million. Borrowings generally bear interest at a rate of term SOFR plus - and a - credit spread adjustment, depending on Bluegreen s leverage ratio (as compared to LIBOR plus - with a LIBOR floor under the terms of the facility prior to the amendment). The amendment also extended the maturity date from October 2024 
 
 91 

million. In connection with the acquisition, Bluegreen entered into a non-revolving acquisition loan (the Panama City Beach Acquisition Loan with National Bank of Arizona NBA for the acquisition and renovation of the resort. The Panama City Beach Acquisition Loan provides for advances of up to million, provided, however, that the total advances may not exceed of the acquisition and renovation costs. Advances may be made during a -month advance period. Approximately million was advanced at closing for the acquisition of the resort. Principal payments will be effected through release payments from sales of the completed VOIs, subject to a minimum amortization schedule, with the remaining balance due at maturity in October 2027. Borrowings under the Panama City Beach Acquisition Loan bear interest at an annual rate equal to one-month term SOFR plus , subject to a floor of . Recourse is limited to of the principal and interest outstanding with decreases based on achieving certain milestones, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 92 

NBA Receivables Facility (2) Pacific Western Facility (3) Total Receivable-backed notes payable - non-recourse: Liberty Bank Facility (1) NBA Receivables Facility (2) Pacific Western Facility (3) Syndicated Warehouse Facility Quorum Purchase Facility - - 2013 Term Securitization 2015 Term Securitization 2016 Term Securitization 2017 Term Securitization 2018 Term Securitization 2020 Term Securitization 2022 Term Securitization Unamortized debt issuance costs Total Total receivable-backed debt 
 (1) Recourse on the Liberty Bank Facility is generally limited to million subject to certain exceptions. (2) Recourse on the NBA Receivables Facility is generally limited to million subject to certain exceptions. (3) Recourse on the Pacific Western Facility is generally limited to million subject to certain exceptions. Liberty Bank Facility. Bluegreen has a million revolving VOI notes receivable hypothecation facility (the Liberty Bank Facility with Liberty Bank which provides for advances on eligible receivables pledged under the Liberty Bank Facility, subject to specified terms and conditions, during the revolving credit period. The revolving credit period expires in June 2024 and the facility matures in June 2026. Advance rates under the facility with respect to Qualified Timeshare Loans is of the unpaid principal balance of the Qualified Timeshare Loans. The advance rate is of the unpaid principal balance of Non-Conforming Qualified Timeshare Loans. The interest rate on borrowings incurred is the Prime Rate minus with a floor of . Recourse to Bluegreen under the facility is limited to million, with certain exceptions set forth in the facility. Subject to the terms of the facility, principal and interest due under the Liberty Bank Facility are paid as cash is collected on the pledged receivables, with the remaining balance being due by maturity. NBA Receivables Facility. Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations has a million revolving VOI notes receivable hypothecation facility (the NBA Receivables Facility with National Bank of Arizona NBA ). T he revolving advance period expires in September 2023 and the facility matures in March 2028. The interest rate on advances made under the facility is the one-month LIBOR plus (with an interest rate floor of ). The NBA Receivables Facility provides for advances at a rate of on eligible receivables pledged under the facility, subject to eligible collateral and specified terms and conditions, during the revolving credit period. R ecourse to Bluegreen/Big Cedar 
 
 93 

million as of December 31, 2022. Subject to the terms of the facility, principal and interest payments received on pledged receivables are applied to principal and interest due under the facility, with the remaining outstanding balance being due by maturity. Pacific Western Facility. Bluegreen has a million revolving VOI notes receivable hypothecation facility (the Pacific Western Facility with Pacific Western Bank, which provides for advances on eligible VOI notes receivable pledged under the facility, subject to specified terms and conditions, during a revolving credit period. The revolving advance period expires in September 2024 and the facility matures in September 2027. The Pacific Western Facility provides for eligible A VOI notes receivable be funded at an advance rate. The Pacific Western Facility also allows for eligible B VOI notes receivable to be funded at a advance rate. In December 2022, the facility was amended to decrease the interest rate on borrowings under the facility to one-month term SOFR plus with a floor of (a decrease from one-month LIBOR plus to prior to the amendment). Recourse to Bluegreen under the facility is limited to million at December 31, 2022. Subject to the terms of the facility, p rincipal and interest payments received on pledged receivables are applied to principal and interest due under the facility , with the remaining balance being due by maturity. Syndicated Warehouse Facility. Bluegreen has an million VOI notes receivable purchase facility (the Syndicated Warehouse Facility ). In September 2022, Bluegreen amended and restated the facility to increase the maximum outstanding financings from million to up to million and extend the advance period from December 2022 to September 2025. The amended and restated facility provides for an advance rate of up to (an increase from prior to the amendment and restatement) with respect to VOI receivables securing amounts financed. Borrowings under the facility bear interest until the expiration of the revolving advance period at a rate equal to one-month term SOFR plus (a decrease from one-month LIBOR or commercial paper rate plus prior to the amendment and restatement) and thereafter at a rate equal to one-month term SOFR plus (a decrease from one-month LIBOR or commercial paper rate plus prior to the amendment and restatement). While ownership of the VOI notes receivable included in the facility is transferred and sold for legal purposes, the transfer of these VOI notes receivable is accounted for as a secured borrowing for financial reporting purposes. The facility is nonrecourse. Quorum Purchase Facility. Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations has a million VOI notes receivable purchase facility (the Quorum Purchase Facility with Quorum Federal Credit Union Quorum ). The Quorum Purchase Facility s advance period expired in October 2022 and the facility matures in December 2034. Of the amounts outstanding under the Quorum Purchase Facility at December 31, 2022, million bears interest at a rate per annum of and million bears interest at a fixed rate of . While ownership of the VOI notes receivable included in the Quorum Purchase Facility is transferred and sold for legal purposes, the transfer of these VOI notes receivable is accounted for as a secured borrowing for financial reporting purposes. The facility is nonrecourse. 2022 Term Securitization. In April 2022, Bluegreen completed a private offering and sale of million of VOI receivable-backed notes (the 2022 Term Securitization ). The 2022 Term Securitization consisted of the issuance of tranches of VOI receivable-backed notes (collectively, the Notes as follows: million of Class A Notes, million of Class B Notes, and million of Class C Notes. The interest rates on the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes are , and , respectively, which blends to an overall weighted average note interest rate of approximately . The gross advance rate for this transaction was . The Notes mature in September 2037. Approximately million of VOI receivables were sold to BXG Receivables Note Trust 2022-A (the Trust in the transaction. The gross proceeds of such sales to the Trust were million. A portion of the proceeds were used to: repay million under the Syndicated Warehouse Facility, representing all amounts outstanding under the facility at that time; repay million under the Liberty Bank Facility; repay million under the Pacific Western Bank Facility; capitalize a reserve fund; and pay fees and expenses associated with the transaction. Prior to the closing of the 2022 Term Securitization, Bluegreen, as servicer, funded million in connection with the servicer redemption of the notes related to the 2013 Term Securitization, and certain of the VOI notes in such trust were sold to the Trust in connection with the 2022 Term Securitization. The remainder of the gross proceeds from the 2022 Term Securitization were used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 94 

million and million, respectively, under these additional receivable-backed notes payable facilities. Junior Subordinated Debentures Woodbridge Holdings Corporation Woodbridge ), the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company through which the Company holds its investment in Bluegreen, and Bluegreen have each formed statutory business trusts (collectively, the Trusts ), each of which issued trust preferred securities as part of a larger pooled trust securities offering which was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and invested the proceeds thereof in its junior subordinated debentures. The Trusts are variable interest entities in which Woodbridge and Bluegreen are not the primary beneficiaries. Accordingly, the Company and its subsidiaries do not consolidate the operations of the Trusts; instead, the beneficial interests in the Trusts are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The maximu m exposure to loss as a result of Woodbridge and Bluegreen s involvement with the Trusts is limited to the carrying amount of the equity method investment. Included in other assets in the Company s balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, of equity in the Trusts. Interest on the junior subordinated debentures and distributions on the trust preferred securities are payable quarterly in arrears at the same interest rate. Financial data relating to the Company s junior subordinated debentures was as follows (dollars in thousands): - - - Bluegreen Statutory Trusts I - VI - - - Unamortized debt issuance costs Unamortized purchase discount Total junior subordinated debentures 
 (1) The junior subordinated debentures bear interest at three-month LIBOR (subject to quarterly adjustment) plus a spread ranging from to . (2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of the junior subordinated debentures were eligible for redemption by the Company. During February 2021, Bluegreen purchased BST II trust preferred securities having a par value of million for approximately million and delivered such securities to the trust in exchange for the cancellation of million of Bluegreen s junior subordinated debentures held by BST II. Availability As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial debt covenants under its debt instruments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had availability of approximately million under its receivable-backed purchase and credit facilities, inventory renovation loans and corporate credit line, subject to eligible collateral and the terms of the facilities, as applicable. 
 
 95 

million note payable to BBX Capital that accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires payments of interest on a quarterly basis. Under the terms of the note, the Company has the option in its discretion to defer interest payments under the note, with interest on the outstanding balance thereafter to accrue at a compounded rate of per annum until such time as all accrued payments under the note are brought current, including deferred interest. In December 2021, the Company repaid million of the note payable to BBX Capital, leaving a remaining balance as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 of million. All outstanding amounts under the note will become due and payable in September 2025 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was accrued interest payable in connection with this note payable. Restricted cash Notes receivable, net Note payable to BBX Capital, Inc. Receivable-backed notes payable Lines-of-credit and notes payable Junior subordinated debentures 
 Cash and cash equivalents. The amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value due to their short maturity of 90 days or less. Restricted cash. The amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for restricted cash approximate fair value. Notes receivable, net. The fair value of the Company s notes receivable is estimated using Level 3 inputs and is based on estimated future cash flows considering contractual payments and estimates of prepayments and defaults, discounted at a market rate. Note Payable to BBX Capital, Inc. The fair value of the note payable to BBX Capital, Inc was determined using Level 3 inputs by discounting the net cash outflows estimated to be used to repay the debt. Lines-of-credit and notes payable. The amounts reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets for lines of credit and notes payable, approximate fair value for indebtedness that provides for variable interest rates. The fair value of the Company s fixed-rate notes payable was determined using Level 3 inputs by discounting the net cash 

 96 

97 

million for promissory estoppel and tortious interference. On November 19, 2019, the parties participated in mediation but did not resolve the matter. On November 20, 2019, New York Urban sent a letter to BVU advising that it was: (1) withdrawing its arbitration demand; (2) notifying the Board that it was not seeking to execute the proposed amendment to the Management Agreement that was originally sent to Bluegreen on April 24, 2019; and (3) not going to pay itself a management fee for the 2020 operating year in an amount exceeding the 2019 operating year (i.e., million). On November 21, 2019, BVU sent New York Urban a Notice of Termination of the Purchase and Sale Agreement. On November 25, 2019, New York Urban sent its own Notice of Termination and a separate letter containing an offer to compromise if BVU resigned its position on the Board and permitted New York Urban to enforce its rights to the collateral. On November 29, 2019, BVU accepted the offer and on December 18, 2019, BVU provided New York Urban with resignations of its members on the Board of Directors. 
 
 98 

VOI owners at The Manhattan Club TMC sued BVU and certain unaffiliated entities (the Non-Bluegreen Defendants ). The complaint includes claims arising out of alleged misrepresentations made during the sale of VOIs at TMC and certain post-sale operational practices, including allegedly charging owners excessive annual maintenance fees and implementing reservation policies that restrict the ability of VOI owners to use their points to access the resort while allowing the general public to make reservations. The plaintiffs assert in the complaint that Bluegreen acquired operational control of TMC from the Non-Bluegreen Defendants in 2018 and assumed joint liability for any prior wrongdoing by them. Bluegreen believes this assertion to be erroneous and that the claims against BVU are without merit. On September 27, 2021, the court granted Bluegreen s motion to dismiss without prejudice and the Court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the remaining state law claims. Plaintiffs have amended their complaint. BVU filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on December 29, 2021 and continues to vigorously defend the action. On April 2, 2021, New York Urban initiated new arbitration proceedings against BVU, alleging it is owed over million for periodic inventory closings that have not occurred since the Purchase and Sale Agreement was terminated or that will not occur because of the termination. New York Urban also seeks over million because, due to the Purchase and Sale Agreement s termination, the closing on the management contract will not occur. BVU believes this new claim is without merit. The arbitration hearing has commenced and is ongoing. BVU continues to vigorously defend against New York Urban s claims. On September 14, 2021, Tamarah and Emmanuel Louis, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a purported class action lawsuit against BVU alleging it violated the Military Lending Act MLA ). The complaint alleges that BVU did not make any inquiry before offering financing to the plaintiffs as to whether they were members of the United States Military and allege other claims related to certain disclosures mandated by the MLA. BVU filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, and plaintiffs then filed an amended complaint on December 3, 2021. The District Court granted BVU s motion to dismiss. An appeal of the District Court s dismissal has been initiated by the plaintiffs. BVU continues to vigorously defend this action. Commencing in 2015, it came to Bluegreen s attention that its collection efforts with respect to its VOI notes receivable were being impacted by a then emerging, industry-wide trend involving the receipt of cease and desist letters from exit firms and their attorneys purporting to represent certain VOI owners. Following receipt of these letters, Bluegreen is unable to contact the owners unless allowed by law. Bluegreen believes these exit firms have encouraged such owners to become delinquent and ultimately default on their obligations and that such actions and its inability to contact the owners have been a material factor in the increase in its annual default rates. Bluegreen s average annual default rates have increased from in 2015 to in 2022. Bluegreen also estimates that approximately of the total delinquencies on its VOI notes receivable as of December 31, 2021 related to VOI notes receivable are subject to this issue. Bluegreen has in a number of cases pursued, and Bluegreen may in the future pursue, legal action against the VOI owners, and as described below, against the exit firms. On November 13, 2019, Bluegreen filed a lawsuit against timeshare exit firm The Montgomery Law Firm and certain of its affiliates. In the complaint, Bluegreen alleged that through various forms of deceptive advertising, as well as inappropriate direct contact with VOI owners, such firm and its affiliates made false statements about Bluegreen and provided misleading information to the VOI owners and encouraged nonpayment by consumers. Bluegreen believes the consumers are paying fees to the firm and its affiliates in exchange for illusory services. Bluegreen has asserted claims under the Lanham Act, as well as tortious interference with contractual relations, civil conspiracy to commit tortious interference and other claims. Defendants motion to dismiss was denied. In January 2022, Bluegreen entered into a settlement with several of the defendants, which includes an immaterial monetary payment and a stipulated injunction. In September 2022, Bluegreen entered into settlements with other defendants, including The Montgomery Law Firm. On October 18, 2022, pursuant to stipulation of the parties, the Court dismissed the action in light of the settlements. On November 13, 2020, Bluegreen filed a lawsuit against timeshare exit firm, Carlsbad Law Group, LLP, and certain of its associated law firms and affiliates. On December 30, 2020, Bluegreen filed a lawsuit against timeshare exit firm, The Molfetta Law Firm, and certain of its associated law firms, affiliates, and cohorts, including Timeshare Termination TTT ). In both of these actions, Bluegreen makes substantially the same claims against the timeshare exit firms and its associated law firms and affiliates as those made in its action against The Montgomery Law Firm described above. In June 2021, counsel for TTT moved to withdraw, citing TTT s insolvency. On October 1, 2021, 
 
 99 

Bass Pro Shops and Cabela s Stores. In December 2022, Bluegreen reorganized certain of its marketing operations, including the elimination of lower performing marketing programs and transitioned its kiosks at certain lower volume Cabela s stores to an unmanned, virtual format as of January 1, 2023. Pursuant to a settlement agreement Bluegreen entered into with Bass Pro and its affiliates during June 2019, Bluegreen paid Bass Pro million and agreed to, among other things, make annual payments to Bass Pro of million in January of each year, commencing in 2020. Bluegreen made annual payments of million to Bass Pro in January 2020, January 2021, December 2021 (as payment of the amount owed in January 2022), and December 2022 (as payment of the amount owed in January 2023). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, was included in accrued liabilities and other in the Company s consolidated balance sheets for the remaining payments required by the settlement agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, VOI sales to prospects and leads generated by the agreement with Bass Pro accounted for approximately and , respectively, of Bluegreen s VOI sales volume. Subject to the terms and conditions of the settlement agreement, in lieu of the previous commission arrangement, Bluegreen agreed to pay Bass Pro a fixed annual fee of for each Bass Pro and Cabela s retail store that it is accessing (excluding sales at retail stores which are designated to provide tours to Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, or Bluegreen/Big Cedar feeder stores ), plus per net vacation package sold (less cancellations or refunds within 45 days of sale). Bluegreen also agreed to contribute to the Wonders of Wildlife Foundation per net package sold (less certain cancellations and refunds within 45 days of sale), subject to an annual minimum of . Bluegreen will generally be required to pay the fixed annual fee with respect to at least Bass Pro retail stores and at least Cabela s retail stores. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bluegreen incurred million and million, respectively, relating to this fixed fee which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). In December 2022, Bluegreen paid million for the 2023 fixed fee, which is included in prepaid expenses in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the minimum number of Bass Pro and Cabela s retail stores for purposes of the fixed annual fee may be reduced under certain circumstances set forth in the agreement, including as a result of a reduction of traffic in the stores in excess of year-over-year. As of December 31, 2022, Bluegreen had sales and marketing operations at a total of Bass Pro and Cabela s stores. On January 1, 2023, Bluegreen transitioned its marketing operations at certain Cabela s stores to an unmanned, virtual format. million, million, and million, respectively, which are included within cost of other fee-based services in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, accrued for such subsidies, which is included in accrued liabilities and other in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

 100 

Deferred State and Other: Current Deferred Total 
 The difference between the Company s provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing operations and the results of applying the federal statutory tax rate to income before provision (benefit) for income taxes relates to (in thousands): Increase (decrease) resulting from: Provision (benefit) for state taxes, net of federal effect Taxes related to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries not consolidated for income tax purposes Non-deductible items Other - net Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 (1) Expected tax is computed based upon income before taxes from continuing operations. 
 
 101 

Federal and State NOL and tax credit carryforward Real estate valuation Expenses recognized for books and deferred for tax Other Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Installment sales treatment of notes Intangible assets Junior subordinated debentures Property and equipment Other Total gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liability 
 Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets The Company evaluates its deferred tax assets to determine if valuation allowances are required. In the evaluation, management considers net operating loss NOL carryback availability, expectations of sufficient future taxable income, trends in earnings, existence of taxable income in recent years, the future reversal of temporary differences, and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented, if required. Valuation allowances are established based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. As of December 31, 2022, the Company established a valuation allowance of million relating to the deferred tax asset of million for federal and state NOL and tax credit carryforwards, as the Company s ability to utilize a portion of these carryforwards to reduce future tax liability income is subject to significant limitations. The table below sets forth information regarding the federal and state NOL and tax credit carryforwards and the applicable valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 2023-2042 Federal NOL SRLY Limitation 2026-2034 Florida NOL SRLY Limitation 2026-2034 Other Federal tax credits-SRLY Limitation 2025-2031 Federal NOL Section 382 Limitation 2027-2028 Florida NOL Section 382 Limitation 2027-2028 Total 
 The Company evaluated all positive and negative evidence available as of the reporting date, including tax planning strategies, the ability to file a consolidated return with its subsidiaries, the expected future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, and expected future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carry forwards. Based on this evaluation, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that it will be able to realize million of the deferred tax asset that is attributed to the Company s federal and state NOL and credit carryforwards. 
 
 102 

million which expire from 2023 through 2042. These NOLs can only be utilized against Bluegreen s (or its subsidiary s) income allocable to the state in which the NOL was generated. A valuation allowance is maintained for those state NOLs where the NOL is not more likely than not realizable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and Florida NOL carryforwards and federal tax credit carryforwards that can only be utilized if the separate entity that generated them has separate company taxable income (the SRLY Limitation ). These carryforwards cannot be utilized against most of the Company s subsidiaries taxable income, including Bluegreen. As such, a full valuation allowance has been established for these carryforwards. In addition, as a result of the Company s merger with Woodbridge in September 2009, the Company experienced a change of ownership as that term is defined in the Internal Revenue Code. This change of ownership resulted in a significant limitation on the amount of the Company s pre-merger NOLs that can be utilized by the Company annually (the Section 382 limitation ). The federal and Florida annual limit is approximately and , respectively. As a result, the amounts in the table represent the NOLs that more likely than not can be utilized before expiration. Other The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Securities Act CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company has taken advantage of the deferral of the employer portion of the tax withholding amounts and the employee retention tax credits provided for in the CARES Act. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a tax withholding deferral of million. The remaining tax withholding liability deferred under the CARES Act was repaid during 2022. The Company also recorded employee retention tax credits of million, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in its consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company evaluates its tax positions based upon guidelines of ASC 740, which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in tax positions. Based on an evaluation of uncertain tax provisions, the Company is required to measure tax benefits based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. There were unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company did t recognize any interest or penalties related to ASC 740-10. The Company is no longer subject to federal or Florida income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years before 2018. Several of the Company s subsidiaries are no longer subject to income tax examinations in certain state, local, and non-U.S. jurisdictions for tax years before 2018. per share, and Class B Common Stock, par value per share. Under Florida law and the Company s Articles of Incorporation, holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on most matters presented to a vote of the Company s shareholders. On such matters, holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held, with all holders of Class A Common Stock possessing in the aggregate of the total voting power, while holders of Class B Common Stock possess the remaining of the total voting power. If the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to shares, the Class A Common Stock s aggregate voting power will increase to , and the Class B Common Stock will have the remaining . If the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding decreases to shares, the Class A Common Stock s aggregate voting power will increase to , and the Class B Common Stock will have the remaining . These relative voting percentages will remain fixed unless the number of shares of Class B Common 

 103 

shares or less, at which time the fixed voting percentages will be eliminated, and holders of Class A Common Stock and holders of Class B Common Stock would then each be entitled to one vote per share held. Each share of Class B Common Stock is convertible into one share of Class A Common Stock at any time at the option of the holder. The percentage of total votes held by the Company s Class A and Class B Common Stock was and , respectively, at December 31, 2022. Other than as described above, rights of Class A and Class B Common stock participate equally in terms of dividends, liquidations, preference and all other rights and features. Share Repurchase Program In August 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program which authorizes the repurchase of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock at an aggregate cost of up to million. In March 2022, the Company s board of directors approved a million increase in the aggregate cost of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that may be repurchased under the share repurchase program. The Company repurchased and retired shares of Class A Common Stock under the share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of million. The Company repurchased and retired shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock under the share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2021 for an aggregate purchase price of million. The excess of cost over par value of the repurchased shares is recorded to additional paid in capital. As of December 31, 2022, million remained available for the repurchase of shares under the Company s share repurchase program. Cash Tender Offer In December 2022, the Company completed a cash tender offer pursuant to which it purchased and retired shares of its Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of per share, or an aggregate purchase price of million, excluding fees and expenses related to the tender offer. These shares were repurchased outside of the Company s share repurchase program. Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plans At the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on July 21, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved the Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation 2021 Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which allows for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock pursuant to restricted stock awards and options which may be granted under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan also permits for the grant of performance-based cash awards. As of December 31,2022, restricted shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock have been granted to certain executive officers and employees under the 2021 Plan, of which shares were forfeited during 2021 and were forfeited during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Class A Common Stock remained available for grant under the 2021 Plan. In contemplation of the spin-off of BBX Capital, the Company s Compensation Committee approved the acceleration of vesting of and shares of unvested restricted Class A and Class B Common Stock awards, respectively, that were previously granted by the Company under the Company s Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ), all of which were held by its executive officers. In connection with such vesting acceleration in August 2020, the Company recognized compensation expense during 2020 of approximately million (which represented the unrecognized compensation expenses associated with the restricted stock awards as of June 30, 2020). The fair value of the restricted stock awards that vested were million based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on the vesting date. There were restricted stock awards or stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2020. The 2014 Plan was terminated during 2021 when the 2021 Plan was approved. further awards will be granted under the 2014 Plan and all awards previously granted under the 2014 Plan have vested. Restricted Stock Activity The Company accounts for compensation cost for unvested time-based service condition restricted stock awards based on the fair value of the award on the measurement date, which is generally the grant date. The cost is recognized on 
 
 104 

- - Granted Vested - - - - Forfeited Unvested balance outstanding, end of period Available for grant 
 The table below sets forth information regarding the restricted stock awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: years Annually each October 2021 Incentive Plan 6/3/2021 years; years (1) 2021 Incentive Plan 1/19/2022 years (2) 2021 Incentive Plan 10/19/2022 years Cliff vest October 2027 
 (1) of the shares granted are scheduled to cliff vest in June 2025 and of the shares granted are scheduled to cliff vest in June 2031, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the applicable award agreement. (2) of the shares granted are scheduled to vest ratably in annual installments over years and of the shares granted are scheduled to cliff vest in January 2026, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the applicable award agreement. The fair value of the Company s restricted stock awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2020 was million based on the fair value of its common stock on the applicable vesting dates. The aggregate grant date fair value of the awards granted in October 2022, January 2022 and June 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation with a remaining weighted average amortization period of years. T he Company recognized restricted stock compensation expense included in selling general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) related to its restricted stock awards of approximately million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. tax benefits were recognized on restricted stock compensation expense for these awards. 
 
 105 

years of age with at least of employment are eligible to participate in the Company s 401(k) plans. The Company s 401(k) plan provides for an annual employer matching contribution equal to of each participant s contributions not exceeding of each participant s compensation, plus of the participant s contributions in excess of but not in excess of of the participant s compensation. Further, the Company may make additional discretionary matching contributions to its plan not to exceed of each participant s compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded expense for contributions to the 401(k) plan totaling million, million and million, respectively. of the Company s total voting power. Further, in connection with the spin-off of BBX Capital during September 2020, Mr. Jarett Levan became the Chief Executive Officer and President and a director of BBX Capital, Mr. Alan Levan became the Chairman of the Board of BBX Capital, Mr. John E. Abdo became Vice Chairman of BBX Capital and Seth M. Wise became Executive Vice President and director of BBX Capital. Mr. Alan Levan, Mr. Abdo, Mr. Jarett Levan and Mr. Wise may also be deemed to control BBX Capital through their ownership of BBX Capital s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Mr. Alan Levan and Mr. Abdo also receive compensation from BBX Capital. See Our Business under Note 1 above for information regarding the statutory short-form merger effected on May 5, 2021, pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the approximately of the outstanding shares of Bluegreen s common stock that the Company did not previously own and Bluegreen became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company . The Company reimburses BBX Capital for advisory, risk management, administrative and other services. The Company reimbursed BBX Capital million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for such services. Further, BBX Capital reimbursed the Company million and million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, with no such reimbursements during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had million and million in accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for the services described above. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid the Abdo Companies, Inc. , , and , respectively, for certain management services. John E. Abdo, the Company s Vice Chairman, is the principal shareholder and Chief Executive Officer of Abdo Companies, Inc. In April 2015, pursuant to a Loan Agreement and Promissory Note, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bluegreen provided an million loan to BVH. Amounts outstanding bore interest at a rate of per annum until April 17, 2020, at which time the interest rate was decreased to per annum. Interest only payments were required on a quarterly basis, with all outstanding months becoming due and payable at maturity. In March 2020, the Loan Agreement and Promissory Note was amended to extend the maturity date from April 17, 2020 to April 17, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, BVH recognized million of interest expense on the loan from Bluegreen. The loan balance and related interest expense were eliminated in consolidation in the Company s consolidated financial statements. During August 2020, Bluegreen paid a special cash dividend of per share on its common stock. BVH utilized its proceeds from the special cash dividend to repay the loan in full. In connection with its spin-off of BBX Capital during September 2020, the Company issued a million note payable to BBX Capital (of which million remained outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021). See Note 10 for a description of the of terms of BVH s note payable to BBX Capital. 

 106 

Resort operations and club management Cost reimbursements (1) Total segment revenues Corporate and other Eliminations Total revenues 
 (1) Cost reimbursement revenue and expense net to zero and are excluded from the computation of adjusted EBITDA below. 

 107 

Non-controlling interests Discontinued operations, net of taxes - Net income (loss) from continuing operations Add: Depreciation and amortization Less: Interest income (other than interest earned on VOI notes receivable) Add: Interest expense - corporate Add: Provision (benefit) for income taxes Loss on asset held for sale Add: Severance and other Add: Retail marketing reorganization - - Add: General and administrative (1) Add: Other (income) expense, net Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) Sales of VOIs and financing Resort operations and club management Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 (1) million, million, and million, respectively, of share-based compensation . 

 108 

Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - continuing operations Income (loss) from continuing operations available to shareholders before discontinued operations Discontinued operations Discontinued operations Less: loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - discontinued operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations available to shareholders Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders Denominator: Basic - weighted average number of common share outstanding Basic - weighted average number of common share outstanding Dilutive effect of restricted stock awards Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic EPS: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic EPS: Diluted EPS: Continuing operations Discontinued operations - Diluted EPS: 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of weighted average shares of unvested restricted stock awards outstanding were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share as the shares were dilutive. Additionally, shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are both entitled to participate in cash distributions in the same manner. 

 109 

carrying amounts of major classes of assets and liabilities included as part of discontinued operations. The major components of loss from discontinued operations are as follows (in thousands): Sales of real estate inventory Interest income Net gains on sales of real estate assets Other revenue Total revenues Costs and Expenses: Cost of trade sales Cost of real estate inventory sold Interest expense Recoveries from loan losses, net Impairment losses Selling, general and administrative expenses Total costs and expenses Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Foreign exchanges gain Loss on the deconsolidation of IT SUGAR, LLC Other income Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 

110 
 
 Adjustment to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Recoveries from loan losses, net Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net Net gains on sales of real estate and property and equipment Equity earnings of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Return on investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Loss from the deconsolidation of IT SUGAR, LLC Increase in deferred income tax asset Impairment losses Increase in trade inventory Increase in trade receivables Decrease in real estate inventory Net change in operating lease assets and liabilities Increase in other assets Increase in other liabilities Net cash used in operating activities Investing activities: Return of investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures Proceeds from repayment of loans receivable Proceeds from sales of real estate Additions to real estate Purchases of property and equipment Decrease in cash from other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities Supplementary disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Increase in other assets upon issuance of Community Development District Bonds Assumption of Community Development District Bonds by homebuilders 
 equity interest in Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, a joint venture in which Bluegreen is deemed to hold a controlling financial interest based on Bluegreen s equity interest, Bluegreen s active role as the day-to day manager of its activities, and Bluegreen s majority voting control of its management committee. In addition, prior to May 5, 2021, BVH owned approximately of Bluegreen s common stock. As described in greater detail under Our Business in Note 1 above, on May 5, 2021, BVH acquired all of the approximately of the outstanding shares of Bluegreen s common stock that the Company did not previously own pursuant to a statutory short-form merger. Income attributable to noncontrolling interests from continuing operations consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 111 

Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations (2) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest - continuing operations 
 (1) Prior to May 5, 2021, BVH owned approximately of Bluegreen s outstanding common stock. As a result of the merger effected on May 5, 2021, Bluegreen is now a wholly owned subsidiary of BVH. (2) Bluegreen owns of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations. , the Company s board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share on its Class A and Class B Common Stock, which totaled million in the aggregate and is payable on to shareholders of record as of the close of trading on . In addition, on January 18, 2023 , the Company granted restricted shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock to certain executive and non-executive employees under the Company s 2021 Plan, of which restricted shares are scheduled to cliff vest in January 2027 and restricted shares are scheduled to vest ratably over years in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the applicable award agreement . The aggregate fair value of the awards granted was million. 

 112 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) to make known material information concerning the Company, including its subsidiaries, to those officers who certify our financial reports and to other members of our senior management. As of December 31, 2022, our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all improper conduct. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of improper conduct, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Further, the design of any control system is based in part upon assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any such design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. As of December 31, 2022, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on such evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included below. 

 113 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and related notes and our report dated March 13, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Boca Raton, Florida March 13, 2023 

 114 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 

 115 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this item will be provided by incorporating such information by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders if filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item will be provided by incorporating such information by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders if filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters See Part II, Item 5 for information regarding compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. The other information required by this item will be provided by incorporating such information by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders if filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item will be provided by incorporating such information by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders if filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this item will be provided by incorporating such information by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders if filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 1. All financial statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 67 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2. Financial Statement Schedules. None required. 3. Exhibits. The following exhibits are either filed as part of or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference to documents previously filed, as indicated below. 

116 

Exhibit Number Description Reference 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective October 8, 1997 Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed October 16, 1997 3.2 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective June 18, 2002 Exhibit 4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2002 3.3 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective April 15, 2003 Appendix B of Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 18, 2003 3.4 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective February 7, 2005 Appendix A of Registrant s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed January 18, 2005 3.5 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective June 22, 2004, as amended on December 17, 2008 Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 18, 2008 3.6 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective May 19, 2009 Appendix A of Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 29, 2009 3.7 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective September 21, 2009 Annex D of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus that forms a part of Amendment No. 1 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed August 14, 2009 3.8 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective September 21, 2009 Exhibit 3.8 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 25, 2009 3.9 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective December 19, 2013 Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 23, 2013 3.10 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective January 30, 2017 Exhibit A of the Registrant s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed January 9, 2017 3.11 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective July 22, 2020 Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report of Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2020 3.12 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective September 25, 2022 Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report of Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2020 3.13 Bylaws, as amended Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 21, 201 9 4.1 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed on March 15, 2017 4.2 Specimen Class B Common Stock Certificate Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed on March 15, 2017 4.4 Description of Registrant s Securities Exhibit 4.4 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on March 13, 2023 10.7 Employment agreement of Alan B. Levan Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 filed on November 14, 2012 10.8 Employment agreement of John E. Abdo Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 filed on November 14, 2012 10.11 Employment agreement of Ray S. Lopez Exhibit 10.1 of Registrants Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 filed on May 8, 2015 

117 

10.17 Tax Sharing Agreement dated as of May 8, 2015, by and among BFC Financial Corporation, BBX Capital and Bluegreen Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 filed on May 8, 2015 10.20 Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2015, between BXG Receivables Note Trust 2015-A, as Issuer, Bluegreen Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc. as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing Corporation, as Backup Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and Custodian Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015 10.21 Sale Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2015, by and among BRFC 2015-A LLC, as Depositor, and BXG Receivables Note Trust 2015-A, as Issuer Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015 10.22 Transfer Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2015, by and among Bluegreen Corporation, BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Seller, and BRFC 2015-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015 10.23 Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2015, by and among Bluegreen Corporation, as Seller, and BRFC 2015-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015 10.24 BXG Receivables Note Trust 2015-A, Standard Definitions Exhibit 10.5 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015 10.25 Second Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note dated June 25, 2015, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., as Borrower, and Pacific Western Bank, as Lender Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2015 10.26 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated June 25, 2015, by and among Bluegreen Corporation, as Borrower, and Pacific Western Bank, as Lender Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2015 10.27 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Promissory Note (Hypothecation Facility) dated June 30, 2015, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower, and National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2015 10.28 First Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (Hypothecation Facility) dated June 30, 2015, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower and National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2015 10.29 First Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Inventory Loan) dated June 30, 2015, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower, and National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2015 10.30 First Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (Inventory Loan) dated June 30, 2015, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower, and National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2015 10.31 Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Promissory Note (Hypothecation Facility) dated September 28, 2017, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower, and ZB, N.A. dba National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2020 10.32 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (Hypothecation Facility) dated September 25, 2020, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower, and ZB, N.A. dba National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2020 10.33 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Inventory Loan) dated September 28, 2017, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower, and ZB, N.A. dba National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2017 10.34 Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (Inventory Loan) dated September 28, 2017, by and among Bluegreen / Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, as Borrower, and ZB, N.A. dba National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2017 

118 

10.35 Full Guaranty (Hypothecation Facility) dated September 30, 2010, by Bluegreen Corporation, as Guarantor, in favor of National Bank of Arizona, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.102 to Bluegreen s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, filed with the SEC on November 10, 2010) Exhibit 10.5 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2017 10.36 Guarantor Consent and Ratification and Confirmation of and Amendment to Full Guaranty (Hypothecation Facility) dated September 28, 2017, by Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Guarantor, in favor of Z.B., National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.6 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2017 10.37 Full Guaranty (Inventory Loan) dated December 13, 2013, by Bluegreen Corporation, as Guarantor, in favor of National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.7 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2017 10.38 Guarantor Consent and Ratification and Confirmation of and Amendment to Full Guaranty (Inventory Loan) dated September 28, 2017, by Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Guarantor, in favor of Z.B., National Bank of Arizona, as Lender Exhibit 10.8 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2017 10.39 Indenture dated as of March 17, 2016, between BXG Receivables Note Trust 2016-A, as Issuer, Bluegreen Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing Corporation, as Backup Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and Custodian Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2016 10.40 Sale Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2016, by and among BRFC 2016-A LLC, as Depositor, and BXG Receivables Note Trust 2016-A, as Issuer Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2016 10.41 Transfer Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2016, by and among Bluegreen Corporation, BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Seller, and BRFC 2016-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2016 10.42 Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2016, by and among Bluegreen Corporation, as Seller, and BRFC 2016-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2016 10.43 BXG Receivables Note Trust 2016-A, Standard Definitions Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2016 10.44 Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2017, between BXG Receivables Note Trust 2017-A, as Issuer, Bluegreen Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc. as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing Corporation, as Backup Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and Custodian Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 10.45 Sale Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2017, by and among BRFC 2017-A LLC, as Depositor, and BXG Receivables Note Trust 2017-A, as Issuer Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 10.46 Transfer Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2017, by and among Bluegreen Corporation, BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Seller, and BRFC 2017-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 10.47 Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2017, by and among Bluegreen Corporation, as Seller, and BRFC 2017-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 10.48 BXG Receivables Note Trust 2017-A, Standard Definitions Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 10.49 Second Amended and Restated Receivables Loan Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2018, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Borrower, and Liberty Bank, as Lender and Administrative and Collateral Agent Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2018 10.50 Second Amended and Restated Receivables Loan Note, dated as of March 12, 2018, by Bluegreen Vacations Corporation in favor of Liberty Bank Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2018 

119 

10.51 The First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Receivables Loan Agreement effective June 30, 2020 by Bluegreen Vacations Corporation in favor of Liberty Bank Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2020 10.511 Third Amended and Restated Receivables Loan Note effective June 30, 2020 by Bluegreen Vacations Corporation in favor of Liberty Bank Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2020 10.512 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Receivables Loan Agreement effective August 3, 2021 by Bluegreen Vacations Corporation in favor of Liberty Bank Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed on August 4, 2021 10.52 Eighth Commitment Amendment to Loan Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2018, by and among BBCV Receivables-Q 2010 LLC, as Seller, Quorum Federal Credit Union, as Buyer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, U.S. Bank National Association, as Custodian, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, and Concord Servicing Corporation as Backup Servicer. Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2018 10.53 Commitment Purchase Period Terms Letter, dated as of April 6, 2018, by BBCV Receivables-Q 2010 LLC, as Seller, and Quorum Federal Credit Union, as Buyer. Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2018 10.54 Eighth Commitment Amendment to Loan Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2018, by and among BRFC-Q 2010 LLC, as Seller, Quorum Federal Credit Union, as Buyer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, U.S. Bank National Association, as Custodian, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, and Concord Servicing Corporation as Backup Servicer. Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2018 10.55 Commitment Purchase Period Terms Letter, dated as of April 6, 2018, by BRFC-Q 2010 LLC, as Seller, and Quorum Federal Credit Union, as Buyer. Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2018 10.56 Promissory Note, dated as of April 17, 2018, by Bluegreen Vacations Corporation and Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., jointly and severally, in favor of ZB, N.A. Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018 10.57 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2018, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, the Borrower, each of the financial institutions from time to time party thereto, and Pacific Western Bank, as Agent. Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2018 10.58 Indenture, dated as of October 15, 2018, among BXG Receivables Note Trust 2018-A, as Issuer, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc. as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing Corporation, as Backup Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and Custodian Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K files on October 29, 2018 10.59 Sale Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2018, by and between BRFC 2018-A LLC, as Depositor, and BXG Receivables Note Trust 2018-A, as Issuer Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2018 10.60 Transfer Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2018, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Seller, and BRFC 2018-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2018 10.61 Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2018, by and between Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Seller, and BRFC 2018-A LLC, as Depositor Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2018 10.62 BXG Receivables Note Trust 2018-A, Standard Definitions Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2018 10.63 Acquisition Loan Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2018, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation and Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., jointly and severally as Borrower, and ZB, N.A, as Lender Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018 

120 

10.64 Amended and Restated Marketing and Promotions Agreement by and among Bass Pro and affiliates and Bluegreen and affiliates, dated as of December 31, 2007 Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 7, 2019 10.65 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Marketing and Promotions Agreement by and among Bass Pro and affiliates and Bluegreen and affiliates, dated as of June 26, 2010 Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 7, 2019 10.66 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Marketing and Promotions Agreement by and among Bass Pro and affiliates and Bluegreen and affiliates, dated as of October 1, 2010 Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 7, 2019 10.67 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, dated as of December 31, 2007 Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 7, 2019 10.68 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, dated as of October 1, 2010 Exhibit 10.5 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 7, 2019 10.69 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, dated as of August 31, 2016 Exhibit 10.6 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 7, 2019 10.70 Settlement Agreement and Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Marketing and Promotions Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2019, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., Bass Pro, Inc., Big Cedar, L.L.C., and Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC Exhibit 10.7 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 7, 2019 10.71 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated September 25, 2020, between BBX Capital Corporation and BBX Capital Florida LLC Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020 10.72 Tax Matters Agreement, dated September 25, 2020, between BBX Capital Corporation and BBX Capital Florida LLC Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020 10.73 Employee Matters Agreement, dated September 25, 2020, between BBX Capital Corporation and BBX Capital Florida LLC Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020 10.74 Transition Services Agreement dated September 25, 2020, between BBX Capital Corporation and BBX Capital Florida LLC Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020 10.75 75.0 million promissory note dated September 30, 2020 issued by Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation in favor of BBX Capital, Inc. Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2020 10.76 Indenture, dated as of October 8, 2020, among BXG Receivables Note Trust 2020-A, as Issuer, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing Corporation, as Backup Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and Custodian. Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020 10.77 Sale Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2020, by and between BRFC 2020-A LLC, as Depositor, and BXG Receivables Note Trust 2020-A, as Issuer. Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020 10.78 Transfer Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2020, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Seller, and BRFC 2020-A LLC, as Depositor. Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020 10.79 Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2020, by and between Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Seller, and BRFC 2020-A LLC, as Depositor. Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020 10.80 BXG Receivables Note Trust 2020-A, Standard Definitions. Exhibit 10.5 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020 

121 

10.81 Ninth Commitment Amendment to Loan Sale and Servicing Agreement, effective as of March 16, 2020, by and among BRFC-Q 2010 LLC, as seller, Quorum Federal Credit Union, as buyer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian and paying agent, Bluegreen Corporation, as servicer, and Concord Servicing Corporation, as backup servicer referenced therein, dated as of March 16, 2020 Exhibit 10.105 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021 10.82 Ninth Commitment Amendment to Loan Sale and Servicing Agreement, effective as of March 17, 2020, by and among BBCV Receivables-Q 2010 LLC, as seller, Quorum Federal Credit Union, as buyer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian and paying agent, Bluegreen Corporation, as servicer, and Concord Servicing Corporation, as backup servicer referenced therein, dated March 17, 2020 Exhibit 10.106 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021 10.83 Tenth Commitment Amendment to Loan Sale and Servicing Agreement, effective as of December 18, 2020, by and among BBCV Receivables-Q 2010 LLC, as seller, Quorum Federal Credit Union, as buyer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian and paying agent, Bluegreen Corporation, as servicer, and Concord Servicing Corporation, as backup servicer referenced therein, December 18, 2020 Exhibit 10.107 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021 10.84 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated August 15, 2018, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation fka Bluegreen Corporation, as Borrower, and Pacific Western Bank, as successor-by-merger to CapitalSource Bank, as lender referenced therein, dated August 15, 2018 Exhibit 10.110 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021 10.85 Amended and Restated BBX Capital 2021 Incentive Plan, as amended Appendix A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on June 25, 2021 10.86 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 14, 2022, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party, the Lenders from time to time party, and Fifth Third Bank, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2022 10.87 Reaffirmation Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2022, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Borrower, Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., Bluegreen Resorts Management, Inc., Bluegreen Nevada, LLC, Bluegreen Louisiana, LLC, Bluegreen New Jersey, LLC and TFRI 2013-1 LLC and each other guarantor party from time to time, as Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2022, among BXG Receivables Note Trust 2022-A, as Issuer, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing LLC, as Backup Servicer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, U.S. Bank National association, as Custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022)Reaffirming Grantors, and Fifth Third Bank, as Administrative Agent Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2022 10.88 Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2022, among BXG Receivables Note Trust 2022-A, as Issuer, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing LLC, as Backup Servicer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, U.S. Bank National association, as Custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022) Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022 10.89 Sale Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2022, by and between BRFC 2022-A LLC, as Depositor, and BXG Receivables Note Trust 2022-A, as Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022) Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022 10.90 Transfer Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2022, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Seller, and BRFC 2022-A LLC, as Depositor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022) Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022 

122 

10.91 Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2022, by and between Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Seller, and BRFC 2022-A LLC, as Depositor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022) Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022 10.92 BXG Receivables Note Trust 2022-A, Standard Definitions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022) Exhibit 10.5 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022 10.93 Third Amended and Restated Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, between Bluegreen Vacations Corporation and Bluegreen Timeshare Finance I Filed with this report 10.94 Third Amended and Restated Sale Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, between Bluegreen Timeshare Finance I and BXG Timeshare Trust I Filed with this report 10.95 Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2022, among BXG Timeshare Trust I, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, Vacation Trust, Inc., Concord Servicing LLC, U.S. Bank Trust Company, U.S. Bank National U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee as paying agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2022) Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2022 10.96 Seventh Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, BXG Timeshare Trust I, Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, the purchasers from time-to-time parties thereto and the funding agents party thereto Filed with this report 10.97 Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and among Bluegreen Timeshare Finance I, GSS Holdings, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company Filed with this report 10.98 Eight Amended and Restated Standard Definitions to the Transaction Documents Filed with this report 10.99 Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 4, 2022, by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation and Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., jointly and severally, as Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto, and Zions Bancorporation, N.A., DBA National Bank of Arizona, as Administrative Agent, Arranger and Bookrunner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022) Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Filed with this report 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP Filed with this report 23.2 Consent of Ernst Young LLP Filed with this report 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed with this report 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed with this report 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished with this report 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished with this report 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document Filed with this Report 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed with this Report 

123 

101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed with this Report 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed with this Report 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document Filed with this Report 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed with this Report 104 The cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 , has been formatted in Inline XBRL Filed with this Report 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None 

 124 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION March 13, 2023 By: /s/ Alan B. Levan Alan B. Levan Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Alan B. Levan March 13, 2023 Alan B. Levan Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President /s/ Raymond S. Lopez March 13, 2023 Raymond S. Lopez Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer /s/ John E. Abdo March 13, 2023 John E. Abdo Vice Chairman of the Board /s/ Adrienne Kelley Adrienne Kelley Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer March 13, 2023 /s/ James R. Allmand, III James R. Allmand, III Director March 13, 2023 /s/ Norman H. Becker March 13, 2023 Norman H. Becker Director /s/ Lawrence A. Cirillo March 13, 2023 Lawrence A. Cirillo Director /s/ Darwin Dornbush March 13, 2023 Darwin Dornbush Director /s/ Jarrett S. Levan March 13, 2023 Jarett S. Levan Director /s/Joel Levy March 13, 2023 Joel Levy Director /s/ William Nicholson March 13, 2023 William Nicholson Director /s/ Mark A. Nerenhausen March 13, 2023 Mark A. Nerenhausen Director /s/ Arnold Sevell March 13, 2023 Arnold Sevell Director /s/ Orlando Sharpe March 13, 2023 Orlando Sharpe Director /s/ Seth M. Wise March 13, 2023 Seth M. Wise Director 

125 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 bvh-20221231xex4_4.htm
 EX-4.4

Exhibit 4.4 Description of securities

Exhibit 4. 4 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following is a summary of the material terms of the capital stock of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation (the Company, we, us or our ). The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and our Bylaws, as amended, each of which is included as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The terms of our capital stock may also be affected by Florida law. 

Authorized Capital Stock; Shares Issued and Outstanding 

Under our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 30,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, 5,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of March 9 , 202 3 , approximately 1 3 , 373,666 shares of our Class A Common Stock and 3,664, 1 1 7 shares of our Class B Common Stock were issued and outstanding. We do not have any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock 

Voting Rights 

Except as provided by Florida law or as specifically provided in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote as a single group on matters presented to them for a shareholder vote. With respect to each such matter, each share of our Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote, with all of the shares of Class A Common Stock representing in the aggregate 22 of the total voting power of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, and each share of our Class B Common Stock is entitled to the number of votes per share so that all of the shares of Class B Common Stock will represent in the aggregate 78 of the total voting power of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. These fixed voting percentages will remain in effect until the total number of outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock falls below 360,000 shares. If the total number of outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock is less than 360,000 shares but greater than 280,000 shares, then our Class A Common Stock will hold a voting percentage equal to 40 and our Class B Common Stock will hold a voting percentage equal to the remaining 60 . If the total number of outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock is less than 280,000 shares but greater than 100,000 shares, then our Class A Common Stock will hold a voting percentage equal to 53 and our Class B Common Stock will hold a voting percentage equal to the remaining 47 . If the total number of outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock is less than 100,000 shares, then each share of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will be entitled to one vote on each matter presented to a vote of our shareholders. Each of the above-described share thresholds will be ratably adjusted in connection with any stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction effected by us. 

Under Florida law, holders of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote as a separate voting group on amendments to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation which require the approval of our shareholders under Florida law and would: 

effect an exchange or reclassification of all or part of the shares of our Class A Common Stock into shares of another class; 

effect an exchange or reclassification, or create a right of exchange, of all or part of the shares of another class into shares of our Class A Common Stock; 

change the designation, rights, preferences, or limitations of all or part of the shares of our Class A Common Stock; 

change all or part of the shares of our Class A Common Stock into a different number of shares of Class A Common Stock; 

create a new class of shares which have rights or preferences with respect to distributions or to dissolution that are prior or superior to our Class A Common Stock; 

increase the rights, preferences or number of authorized shares of any class that, after giving effect to the amendment, have rights or preferences with respect to distributions or to dissolution that are prior or superior to our Class A Common Stock; 

limit or deny any existing preemptive right of all or part of the shares of our Class A Common Stock; or 

cancel or otherwise affect rights to distributions or dividends that have accumulated but not yet been declared on all or part of the shares of our Class A Common Stock. 

However, if a proposed amendment that would otherwise entitle the holders of our Class A Common Stock to vote as a separate voting group as a result of the amendment having one of the effects described above would affect the holders of our Class B Common Stock or any of our other securities outstanding from time to time in the same or substantially similar way, then the holders of our Class A Common Stock will not be entitled to vote as a separate voting group on the proposed amendment but instead will vote together with the other similarly affected shareholders as a single voting group on the amendment. 

Under Florida law, holders of our Class B Common Stock are entitled to vote as a separate voting group on any amendment to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation which requires the approval of our shareholders under Florida law and would affect the rights of the holders of our Class B Common Stock in substantially the same manner as described above with respect to our Class A Common Stock. Holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are also entitled to vote as a separate voting group on any plan of merger or plan of share exchange that requires the approval of our shareholders under Florida law and contains a provision which, if included in a proposed amendment to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, would require their vote as a separate voting group. 

In addition to the rights afforded to our shareholders under Florida law, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide that the approval of the holders of our Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate voting group, is required before any of the following actions may be taken: 

the issuance of any additional shares of our Class B Common Stock, other than a stock dividend issued to holders of our Class B Common Stock; 

a reduction in the number of outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, except for any reduction by virtue of a conversion of shares of our Class B Common Stock into shares of our Class A Common Stock or a voluntary disposition to us; or 

any amendments of the voting rights provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 

Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting on the election of directors. 

Convertibility 

Under our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, holders of our Class B Common Stock possess the right, at any time, to convert any or all of their shares of our Class B Common Stock into shares of our Class A Common Stock on a share-for-share basis. Our Class A Common Stock is not convertible into any other class or series of our securities. 

Dividends and Other Distributions 

Holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to receive cash dividends, when and as declared by our Board of Directors out of legally available assets, subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of our preferred stock outstanding from time to time. Any distribution per share with respect to our Class A Common Stock must be identical to the distribution per share with respect to our Class B Common Stock, except that a stock dividend or other non-cash distribution to holders of our Class A Common Stock may be declared and issued in the form of Class A Common Stock while a dividend or other non-cash distribution to holders of our Class B Common Stock may be declared and issued in the form of either Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. 

Liquidation Rights 

Upon any liquidation, the assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders after payment of liabilities and any liquidation preference of any shares of our preferred stock outstanding from time to time will be distributed ratably among the holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 

Fully Paid and Non-Assessable 

All outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

No Preemptive Rights, Redemption Rights or Sinking Fund Provision 

The holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock have no preemptive rights, and our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is not subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Additional Shares of Common Stock 

We may issue additional authorized shares of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock as authorized by our Board of Directors from time to time, without shareholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by applicable national securities exchange rules. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 

Listing 

Our Class A Common Stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BVH. Our Class B Common Stock is traded on the OTCQX market under the trading symbol BVHBB. 

Preferred Stock 

Under our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, and as permitted by Florida law, our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock in one or more series, establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case, without vote or action by our shareholders except to the extent required by applicable national securities exchange rules. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock or otherwise adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, including the likelihood that holders of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock would receive dividend payments and payments on liquidation, or the amounts thereof. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, financing transactions and other corporate purposes, could also, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other corporate actions, and might adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Effects 

The terms of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will make the sale or transfer of control of our Company or the removal of our directors unlikely without the concurrence of the holders of our Class B Common Stock. In addition, the sale or transfer of control of our Company or the removal of our directors will be impossible without the consent of Alan B. Levan, John E. Abdo, Jarett S. Levan and Seth M. Wise so long as they 

own shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock representing a majority of our total voting power. 

Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws also contain other provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control. These provisions include those which permit our Board of Directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships and specify advance notice procedures that must be complied with by shareholders in order to make shareholder proposals or nominate directors. 

In addition, the authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without shareholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by applicable national securities exchange rules. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock (and our Board of Directors authority to establish the rights, preferences and limitation of the preferred stock, as described above) could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Preferred stock may also be issued, or reserved for issuance, in connection with the adoption of a shareholder rights plan, which may have anti-takeover effects. A shareholder rights plan may be adopted by our Board of Directors without shareholder approval or consent. 

As a Florida corporation, we are also subject to the provisions of Florida law, including those limiting the voting rights of control shares. Under Florida law, subject to certain exceptions, including mergers and acquisitions effected in accordance with Florida law, the holder of control shares of a Florida corporation that has (i) 100 or more shareholders, (ii) its principal place of business, its principal office or substantial assets in Florida and (iii) either more than 10 of its shareholders residing in Florida, more than 10 of its shares owned by Florida residents or 1,000 shareholders residing in Florida, will not have the right to vote those shares unless the acquisition of the shares was approved by a majority of each class of voting securities of the corporation, excluding those shares held by interested persons. Control shares are defined as shares acquired by a person, either directly or indirectly, that when added to all other shares of the issuing corporation owned by that person, would entitle that person to exercise, either directly or indirectly, voting power within any of the following ranges: (i) 20 or more but less than 33 of all voting power of the corporation s voting securities; (ii) 33 or more but less than a majority of all voting power of the corporation s voting securities; or (iii) a majority or more of all of the voting power of the corporation s voting securities. 

Exclusive Forum Provision 

Our Bylaws contain an exclusive forum provision which provides that, unless our Board of Directors consents to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court located in Broward County, Florida (or, if such Circuit Court does not have jurisdiction, another Circuit Court located within Florida or, if no Circuit Court located within Florida has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the Southern District of Florida) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for Covered Proceedings, which include: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Florida Business Corporation Act, or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (in each case, as may be amended or amended and restated from time to time); and (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Florida. To the extent within the categories set forth in the preceding sentence, Covered Proceedings include causes of action under the Exchange Act and the Securities Act. The exclusive forum provision will also provide that if any Covered Proceeding is filed in a court other than a court located within Florida in the name of any shareholder, then such shareholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within Florida in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the exclusive forum provision and (b) having service of process made upon such shareholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such shareholder s counsel in the action as agent for such shareholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shareholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

The exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees or be cost-prohibitive to shareholders, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. However, there is uncertainty regarding whether a court would enforce the exclusive forum provision. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Florida law generally provides that a director of a Florida corporation is not personally liable for monetary damages to the corporation or any other person for any statement, vote, decision or failure to act regarding corporate management or policy, unless the director breached or failed to perform his or her duties as a director and the director s breach of or failure to perform those duties constitutes (i) a violation of criminal law, unless the director had reasonable cause to believe his conduct was lawful or had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful, (ii) a transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit, either directly or indirectly, (iii) an unlawful distribution, (iv) in a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation or in the right of a shareholder, conscious disregard for the best interest of the corporation or willful misconduct, or (v) in a proceeding by or in the right of someone other than the corporation or a shareholder, recklessness or an act or omission which was committed in bad faith or with malicious purpose or in a manner exhibiting wanton and willful disregard of human rights, safety or property. 

In addition, Florida law provides that a Florida corporation has the power to (i) indemnify any person who was or is a party to any proceeding (other than an action by, or in the right of, the corporation), because he or she was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against liability incurred in connection with such proceeding, including any appeal thereof, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful, and (ii) indemnify any person who was or is a party to any proceeding by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor because that person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against expenses and amounts paid in settlement not exceeding, in the judgment of the board of directors of the corporation, the estimated expense of litigating the proceeding to conclusion, actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such proceeding, including any appeal thereof. Indemnification under clause (ii) of the preceding sentence is authorized if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification with regard to a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation is to be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person has been found liable unless, and only to the extent that, the court in which the proceeding was brought, or any other court of competent jurisdiction, determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper. 

Further, under Florida law, to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a Florida corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any proceeding referred to in the preceding paragraph, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. 

O ur Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain indemnification provisions substantially similar to the above-described provisions of Florida law. In addition, we carry insurance permitted by Florida law for our directors, officers, employees and agents which covers alleged or actual error or omission, misstatement, misleading misstatement, neglect or breach of fiduciary duty while acting in such capacities on our behalf, which acts may include liabilities under the Securities Act. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.93>
 3
 bvh-20221231xex10_93.htm
 EX-10.93

Exhibit 10.93 Third Amended and Restated Purchase and Contribution

Execution Copy 

(Bluegreen to Depositor Commitment I) 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED PURCHASE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED PURCHASE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of September 30 , 2022 , is by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation (f/k/a Bluegreen Corporation) , a Florida corporation Bluegreen or a Seller and Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, a Delaware corporation (the Depositor and their respective permitted successors and assigns, hereby amends and restates in its entirety that certain Second Amended and Restated Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2017 , between Bluegreen and the Depositor (as amended from time to time, the Original Agreement ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Original Agreement as provided herein, and all actions required to do so under the Original Agreement have been taken; 

WHEREAS, on the Closing Date, the Depositor, as seller, intends to enter into that certain Third Amended and Restated Sale Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Sale Agreement ), by and between the Depositor and BXG Timeshare Trust I, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer pursuant to which the Depositor intends to sell to the Issuer, the timeshare loans acquired by the Depositor from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, on the Closing Date, Bluegreen intends to enter into that certain Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 30 , 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, Bluegreen, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), Vacation Trust, Inc., a Florida corporation, as club trustee (the Club Trustee ), Concord Servicing LLC , as backup servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee and as paying agent (in such capacity, the Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian (in such capacity, the Custodian ), whereby the Issuer will pledge the Trust Estate (as defined in the Indenture) to the Indenture Trustee to secure the Issuer s Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I (the Notes ); 

WHEREAS, (i) the Seller desires to sell, and the Depositor desires to purchase, from time to time, Timeshare Loans originated by the Seller or an Affiliate thereof and (ii) Bluegreen, as the sole shareholder of the Depositor, desires to make a contribution of capital pursuant to the terms hereof; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of (i) the Sale Agreement, the Depositor shall sell to the Issuer any Timeshare Loans acquired from the Seller and (ii) the Indenture, the Issuer 

shall pledge such Timeshare Loans, as part of the Trust Estate, to the Indenture Trustee to secure the Notes; 

WHEREAS, the Seller may, and in certain circumstances will be required, to cure, repurchase or substitute and provide one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for a Timeshare Loan that is a Defective Timeshare Loan, previously sold to the Depositor hereunder and pledged to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, the Depositor may, at the direction of the Seller, be required to exercise the Seller s option to purchase or substitute Timeshare Loans that become subject to an Upgrade or Defaulted Timeshare Loans previously sold to the Issuer hereunder and pledged to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 

section 1. 
			 Definitions; Interpretation . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Eighth Amended and Restated Standard Definitions attached hereto as Annex A . 

section 2. 
			 Acquisition of Timeshare Loans and Contribution of Capital to the Depositor . 

(a) 
			 Timeshare Loans and Contribution of Capital . On each Funding Date, the Seller hereby agrees to (x) sell in part and contribute in part to the Depositor in return for the Timeshare Loan Acquisition Price for each Timeshare Loan to be sold on such Funding Date to be paid in part in cash and in part as an increase in its equity ownership of the Depositor and (y) transfer, assign, sell and grant to the Depositor, without recourse (except as provided in Section 6 and Section 8 hereof), any and all of the Seller s right, title and interest in and to (i) any Timeshare Loans listed on the related Borrowing Notice, (ii) the Receivables in respect of such Timeshare Loans due after the related Cut-Off Date, (iii) the related Timeshare Loan Documents (excluding any rights as developer or declarant under the Timeshare Declaration, the Timeshare Program Consumer Documents or the Timeshare Program Governing Documents), (iv) all Related Security in respect of each such Timeshare Loan and (v) all income, payments, proceeds and other benefits and rights related to any of the foregoing (the property in clauses (i)-(v), being the Assets ). Upon such contribution, sale and transfer, the ownership of each Timeshare Loan and all collections allocable to principal and interest thereon after the related Cut-Off Date and all other property interests or rights conveyed pursuant to and referenced in this Section 2(a) shall immediately vest in the Depositor, its successors and assigns. The Seller shall not take any action inconsistent with such ownership nor claim any ownership interest in any Timeshare Loan for any purpose whatsoever other than for federal and state income tax reporting, if applicable. The parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledge that the credit risk of the Timeshare Loans conveyed hereunder shall be borne by the Depositor and its subsequent assignees. 

(b) 
			 Delivery of Timeshare Loan Documents . In connection with the contribution, sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Timeshare Loans hereunder, the 

2 

Seller hereby agrees to deliver or cause to be delivered, at least five Business Days prior to each Funding Date, to the Custodian all related Timeshare Loan Files and to the Servicer all related Timeshare Loan Servicing Files. 

(c) 
			 Collections . The Seller shall deposit or cause to be deposited all collections in respect of Timeshare Loans received by the Seller or its Affiliates after the related Cut-Off Date in the Lockbox Account and, with respect to Credit Card Timeshare Loans, direct each applicable credit card vendor to deposit all payments in respect of such Credit Card Timeshare Loans to the Lockbox Account. 

(d) 
			 Limitation of Liability . Neither the Depositor nor any subsequent assignee of the Depositor shall have any obligation or liability with respect to any Timeshare Loan nor shall the Depositor or any subsequent assignee have any liability to any Obligor in respect of any Timeshare Loan. No such obligation or liability is intended to be assumed by the Depositor or any subsequent assignee herewith and any such liability is hereby expressly disclaimed. 

section 3. 
			 Intended Characterization; Grant of Security Interest . It is the intention of the parties hereto that each transfer of Timeshare Loans to be made pursuant to the terms hereof shall constitute a sale, in part, and a capital contribution, in part, by the Seller to the Depositor and not a loan secured by such Timeshare Loans. In the event, however, that a court of competent jurisdiction were to hold that any such transfer constitutes a loan and not a sale and contribution (a Recharacterization ), it is the intention of the parties hereto that the Seller shall be deemed to have granted to the Depositor as of the date hereof a first priority perfected security interest in all of the Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under the Assets and the QSTL Assets (as hereinafter defined) specified in Section 2 hereof and Section 6(f) hereof, respectively, and the proceeds thereof and that with respect to such transfer, this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law. In the event of a Recharacterization, the amount of interest payable or paid with respect to such loan under the terms of this Agreement shall be limited to an amount which shall not exceed the maximum non-usurious rate of interest allowed by the applicable state law or any applicable law of the United States permitting a higher maximum non-usurious rate that preempts such applicable state law, which could lawfully be contracted for, charged or received (the Highest Lawful Rate ). In the event any payment of interest on any such loan exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, the parties hereto stipulate that (a) to the extent possible given the term of such loan, such excess amount previously paid or to be paid with respect to such loan be applied to reduce the principal balance of such loan, and the provisions thereof immediately be deemed reformed and the amounts thereafter collectible thereunder reduced, without the necessity of the execution of any new document, so as to comply with the then applicable law, but so as to permit the recovery of the fullest amount otherwise called for thereunder and (b) to the extent that the reduction of the principal balance of, and the amounts collectible under, such loan and the reformation of the provisions thereof described in the immediately preceding clause (a) is not possible given the term of such loan, such excess amount will be deemed to have been paid with respect to such loan as a result of an error and upon discovery of such error or upon notice thereof by any party hereto such amount shall be refunded by the recipient thereof. In the case of any Recharacterization, each of the Seller and the Depositor represents and warrants as to itself that each remittance of Collections by the Seller to the Depositor hereunder will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by the Seller in the ordinary course of 

3 

business or financial affairs of the Seller and the Depositor and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller and the Depositor. 

The characterization of the Seller as debtor and the Depositor as secured party in any such security agreement and any related financing statements required hereunder is solely for protective purposes and shall in no way be construed as being contrary to the intent of the parties that this transaction be treated as a sale and contribution to the Depositor of the Seller s entire right, title and interest in and to the Assets and the QSTL Assets. 

Each of the Seller, Club, Club Trustee and any of their Affiliates hereby agrees to make the appropriate entries in its general accounting records to indicate that the Timeshare Loans have been transferred to the Depositor and its subsequent assignees. 

section 4. 
			 Conditions Precedent to Acquisition of Timeshare Loans by the Depositor . The obligations of the Depositor to purchase any Timeshare Loans hereunder shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) 
			 With respect to each Funding Date for each Timeshare Loan or any Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan replacing a Timeshare Loan, all representations and warranties of the Seller contained in Section 5(a) hereof shall be true and correct on such date as if made on such date, and all representations and warranties as to the Timeshare Loans contained in Section 5(b) hereof and all information provided in the Schedule of Timeshare Loans in respect of each such Timeshare Loan conveyed on such Funding Date shall be true and correct on such Funding Date. 

(b) 
			 Prior to a Funding Date, the Seller shall have delivered or shall have caused the delivery of (i) the related Timeshare Loan Files to the Custodian and the Custodian shall have delivered a Custodian s Certification therefor pursuant to the Custodial Agreement and (ii) the Timeshare Loan Servicing Files to the Servicer. 

(c) 
			 The Seller shall have delivered or caused to be delivered all other information theretofore required or reasonably requested by the Depositor to be delivered by the Seller or performed or caused to be performed all other obligations required to be performed as of the related Funding Date, including all filings, recordings and/or registrations as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee to establish and preserve the right, title and interest of the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, in the related Timeshare Loans. 

(d) 
			 On the related Funding Date, the Indenture shall be in full force and effect. 

(e) 
			 Each of the conditions precedent to a Borrowing under the Indenture and the Note Funding Agreement shall have been satisfied. 

(f) 
			 Each Timeshare Loan conveyed on a Funding Date shall be an Eligible Timeshare Loan. 

(g) 
			 Each Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan replacing a Timeshare Loan shall satisfy each of the criteria specified in the definition of Qualified Substitute Timeshare 

4 

Loan and each of the conditions herein and in the Indenture for substitution of Timeshare Loans shall have been satisfied. 

(h) 
			 The Depositor shall have received such other certificates and opinions as it shall reasonably request. 

section 5. 
			 Representations and Warranties and Certain Covenants of the Seller . 

(a) 
			 The Seller represents and warrants to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, on the Amendment Closing Date and on each Funding Date (with respect to any Timeshare Loans or Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans transferred on such Funding Date or Transfer Date) as follows: 

(i) 
			 Due Incorporation; Valid Existence; Good Standing . It is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation; and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where the character of its property, the nature of its business or the performance of its obligations under this Agreement makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified will not have a material adverse effect on its business or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of any Timeshare Loans. 

(ii) 
			 Possession of Licenses, Certificates, Franchises and Permits . It holds, and at all times during the term of this Agreement will hold, all licenses, certificates, franchises and permits from all governmental authorities necessary for the conduct of its business, and has received no notice of proceedings relating to the revocation of any such license, certificate, franchise or permit, which singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would materially and adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of any Timeshare Loans. 

(iii) 
			 Corporate Authority and Power . It has, and at all times during the term of this Agreement will have, all requisite corporate power and authority to own its properties, to conduct its business, to execute and deliver this Agreement and all documents and transactions contemplated hereunder and to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder. The Seller has all requisite corporate power and authority to acquire, own, transfer and convey Timeshare Loans to the Depositor. 

(iv) 
			 Authorization, Execution and Delivery Valid and Binding . This Agreement and all other Transaction Documents and instruments required or contemplated hereby to be executed and delivered by the Seller have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Seller and, assuming the due execution and delivery by, the other party or 

5 

parties hereto and thereto, constitute legal, valid and binding agreements enforceable against the Seller in accordance with their respective terms subject, as to enforceability, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, moratorium and other similar applicable laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally applicable in the event of the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution, as applicable, of the Seller and to general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability shall be considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. This Agreement constitutes a valid transfer of the Seller s interest in the Timeshare Loans to the Depositor or, in the event of the characterization of any such transfer as a loan, the valid creation of a first priority perfected security interest in such Timeshare Loans in favor of the Depositor. 

(v) 
			 No Violation of Law, Rule, Regulation, etc . The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party do not and will not (A) violate any of the provisions of its articles of incorporation or bylaws, (B) violate any provision of any law, governmental rule or regulation currently in effect applicable to it or its properties or by which the Seller or its properties may be bound or affected, including, without limitation, any bulk transfer laws, where such violation would have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of the Timeshare Loans, (C) violate any judgment, decree, writ, injunction, award, determination or order currently in effect applicable to it or its properties or by which the Seller or its properties are bound or affected, where such violation would have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of any Timeshare Loans, (D) conflict with, or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound where such violation would have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of Timeshare Loans or (E) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract or other instrument. 

(vi) 
			 Governmental Consent . No consent, approval, order or authorization of, and no filing with or notice to, any court or other Governmental Authority in respect of the Seller is required which has not been obtained in connection with the authorization, execution, delivery or performance by the Seller of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder, including, without limitation, the transfer of Timeshare Loans and the creation of the security interest of the Depositor therein pursuant to Section 3 hereof. 

(vii) 
			 Defaults . It is not in default under any agreement, contract, instrument or indenture to which it is a party or by which it or its properties is or are bound, or with respect to any order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental 

6 

body, in each case, which would have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated hereunder or on its business, operations, financial condition or assets, and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such a default with respect to any such agreement, contract, instrument or indenture, or with respect to any such order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body. 

(viii) 
			 Insolvency . It is solvent and will not be rendered insolvent by the transfer of any Timeshare Loans hereunder. On and after the Amendment Closing Date, it will not engage in any business or transaction the result of which would cause the property remaining with it to constitute an unreasonably small amount of capital. 

(ix) 
			 Pending Litigation or Other Proceedings . Other than as described on Schedule 5 hereto, there is no pending or, to its Knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body against or affecting it which, if decided adversely, would materially and adversely affect (A) its condition (financial or otherwise), business or operations, (B) its ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any other documents or transactions contemplated under this Agreement, (C) any Timeshare Loan or title of any Obligor to any related Timeshare Property pursuant to the applicable Owner Beneficiary Agreement or (D) the Depositor s or any of its assigns ability to foreclose or otherwise enforce the liens of the Mortgage Notes and the rights of the Obligors to use and occupy the related Timeshare Properties pursuant to the applicable Owner Beneficiary Agreement. 

(x) 
			 Information . No document, certificate or report furnished or required to be furnished by or on behalf of the Seller pursuant to this Agreement, in its capacity as Seller, contains or will contain when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or fails or will fail to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made. There are no facts known to the Seller which, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect, or which (aside from general economic trends) may reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect in the future, the financial condition or assets or business of the Seller, or which may impair the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement, which have not been disclosed herein or therein or in the certificates and other documents furnished to the Depositor by or on behalf of the Seller specifically for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

(xi) 
			 Foreign Tax Liability . It is not aware of any Obligor under a Timeshare Loan who has withheld any portion of payments due under such Timeshare Loan because of the requirements of a foreign taxing authority, and no foreign taxing authority has contacted it concerning a withholding or other foreign tax liability. 

(xii) 
			 Employee Benefit Plan Liability . As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, (A), neither the Seller nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has or has incurred any accumulated funding deficiency (as such term is defined under ERISA and the Code), whether or not waived, with respect to any 

7 

Employee Pension Benefit Plan (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), and, to the Seller s Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that may result in any accumulated funding deficiency of any such plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; (B) neither the Seller nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has any unpaid minimum required contribution (as such term is defined under ERISA and the Code) with respect to any Employee Pension Benefit Plan, whether or not such unpaid minimum required contribution is waived, that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect, and, to the Seller s Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that may result in any unpaid minimum required contribution as of the last day of the current plan year of any such plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; (C) the Seller and each of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates have no outstanding liability for any undisputed contribution required under any Seller Multiemployer Plan (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; and (D) the Seller and each of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates have no outstanding liability for any disputed contribution required under any Seller Multiemployer Plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, to the Seller s Knowledge (1) neither the Seller nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has incurred any Withdrawal Liability (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect, and (2) no event has occurred or circumstance exists that could result in any Withdrawal Liability that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, to the Seller s Knowledge, neither the Seller nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has received notification of the reorganization, termination, partition, or insolvency of any Multiemployer Plan that could either individually or in the aggregate Cause a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection 5(a)(xii), Cause a Material Adverse Effect means reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the Seller or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates; Commonly Controlled Affiliates means those direct or indirect affiliates of the Seller that would be considered a single employer with the Seller under Section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Code; Employee Pension Benefit Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA that is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Seller or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates (other than a Seller Multiemployer Plan); Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA; Seller Multiemployer Plan means a Multiemployer Plan to which the Seller or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates contributes or in which the Seller or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates participates; and Withdrawal Liability means liability as determined under ERISA for the complete or partial withdrawal of the Seller or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan. 

(xiii) 
			 Taxes . Other than as described on Schedule 5 hereto, it (A) has filed all tax returns (federal, state and local) which it reasonably believes are required to be filed and has paid or made adequate provision in its GAAP financial statements for the payment of all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges due from it or is contesting any such tax, assessment or other governmental charge in good faith through appropriate 

8 

proceedings or except where the failure to file or pay will not have a material adverse effect on the rights and interests of the Depositor, (B) knows of no basis for any material additional tax assessment for any fiscal year for which adequate reserves in its GAAP financial statements have not been established and (C) intends to pay all such taxes, assessments and governmental charges, if any, when due. 

(xiv) 
			 Place of Business . The principal place of business and chief executive office where the Seller keeps its records concerning Timeshare Loans will be 4960 Conference Way North, Suite 100, Boca Raton, Florida 33431 (or such other place specified by the Seller by written notice to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee). The Seller is a corporation formed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

(xv) 
			 Securities Laws . It is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No portion of the Timeshare Loan Acquisition Price for each of the Timeshare Loans will be used by it to acquire any security in any transaction which is subject to Section 13 or Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(xvi) 
			 Bluegreen Vacation Club . With respect to the Club Loans: 

(A) 
			 The Club Trust Agreement, of which a true and correct copy is attached hereto as Exhibit B is in full force and effect; and a certified copy of the Club Trust Agreement has been delivered to the Indenture Trustee together with all amendments and supplements in respect thereof; 

(B) 
			 The arrangement of contractual rights and obligations (duly established in accordance with the Club Trust Agreement under the laws of the State of Florida) was established for the purpose of holding and preserving certain property for the benefit of the Beneficiaries referred to in the Club Trust Agreement. The Club Trustee has all necessary trust and other authorizations and powers required to carry out its obligations under the Club Trust Agreement in the State of Florida and in all other states in which it holds Resort Interests. The Club is not a corporation or business trust under the laws of the State of Florida. The Club is not taxable as an association, corporation or business trust under federal law or the laws of the State of Florida; 

(C) 
			 The Club Trustee is a corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida. As of the Closing Date, the Club Trustee is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of the state of Tennessee. As of each Funding Date, the Club Trustee will be duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and will be in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction it is required by law to be. The Club Trustee is not an affiliate of the Servicer for purposes of Chapter 721, Florida Statutes and is in compliance with the requirements of such Chapter 721 requiring that it be independent of the Servicer; 

9 

(D) 
			 The Club Trustee has all necessary corporate power to execute and deliver, and has all necessary corporate power to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the Club Trust Agreement and the Club Management Agreement. The Club Trustee possesses all requisite franchises, operating rights, licenses, permits, consents, authorizations, exemptions and orders as are necessary to discharge its obligations under the Club Trust Agreement; 

(E) 
			 The Club Trustee holds all right, title and interest in and to all of the Timeshare Properties related to the Club Loans solely for the benefit of the Beneficiaries referred to in, and subject in each case to the provisions of, the Club Trust Agreement and the other documents and agreements related thereto. Except with respect to the Mortgages (or a pledge of the Co-op Shares in connection with Aruba Club Loans), the Club Trustee has not permitted any such Timeshare Properties to be made subject to any lien or encumbrance; 

(F) 
			 There are no actions, suits, proceedings, orders or injunctions pending against the Club or the Club Trustee, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Trust Estate or the Club Trustee s ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 

(G) 
			 Neither the Club nor the Club Trustee has incurred any indebtedness for borrowed money (directly, by guarantee, or otherwise); 

(H) 
			 All ad valorem taxes and other taxes and assessments against the Club and/or its trust estate have been paid when due and neither the Seller nor the Club Trustee knows of any basis for any additional taxes or assessments against any such property. The Club has filed all required tax returns and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, including all taxes in respect of sales of Owner Beneficiary Rights (as defined in the Club Trust Agreement) and Vacation Points, if any; 

(I) 
			 The Club and the Club Trustee are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, statutes, rules and governmental regulations applicable to it and in compliance with each material instrument, agreement or document to which it is a party or by which it is bound, including, without limitation, the Club Trust Agreement; 

(J) 
			 Except as expressly permitted in the Club Trust Agreement, the Club has maintained the One-to-One Beneficiary to Accommodation Ratio (as such terms are defined in the Club Trust Agreement); 

(K) 
			 Bluegreen Vacation Club, Inc. is a not-for-profit corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida; 

10 

(L) 
			 Upon purchase of the Club Loans and related Trust Estate hereunder, the Depositor is an Interest Holder Beneficiary under the Club Trust Agreement and each of the Club Loans constitutes Lien Debt , Purchase Money Lien Debt and Owner Beneficiary Obligations under the Club Trust Agreement; and 

(M) 
			 Except as disclosed to the Indenture Trustee in writing or noted in the Custodian s Certification, each Mortgage associated with a Deeded Club Loan and granted by the Club Trustee or the Obligor on the related Deeded Club Loan, as applicable, has been duly executed, delivered and recorded by or pursuant to the instructions of the Club Trustee under the Club Trust Agreement and such Mortgage is valid and binding and effective to create the lien and security interests in favor of the Indenture Trustee (upon assignment thereof to the Indenture Trustee). Each of such Mortgages was granted in connection with the financing of a sale of a Resort Interest. 

(xvii) 
			 Representations and Warranties Regarding Security Interest and Timeshare Loan Files. 

(A) 
			 In the event of the characterization of the transfers under this Agreement as a loan, the grant under Section 3 hereof creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Assets and the QSTL Assets in favor of the Depositor, which security interest is prior to all other Liens arising under the UCC, and is enforceable as such against creditors of the Seller, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(B) 
			 The Timeshare Loans and the documents evidencing such Timeshare Loans constitute either accounts , chattel paper , instruments or general intangibles within the meaning of the applicable UCC. 

(C) 
			 The Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Assets and the QSTL Assets free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person, except for Permitted Liens. 

(D) 
			 The Seller has caused or will have caused, within ten days of the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Assets and the QSTL Assets granted to the Depositor, by the Depositor to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee. 

(E) 
			 All original executed copies of each Mortgage Note (or an executed Lost Note Affidavit related to such Mortgage Note) that constitute or evidence any Assets or QSTL Assets have been or will be delivered to the Custodian and a Custodian s Certification therefor has been or will be issued in 

11 

accordance with the terms of the Custodial Agreement, to Bluegreen, the Funding Agents and the Indenture Trustee. 

(F) 
			 Other than as contemplated by this Agreement, the Sale Agreement and the Indenture, the Seller has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Assets or the QSTL Assets. The Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Seller that include a description of collateral covering any Assets or QSTL Assets other than any financing statement relating to the security interest granted to the Depositor hereunder, under the Sale Agreement, under the Indenture or that has been terminated. 

(G) 
			 All financing statements filed or to be filed against the Seller in favor of the Depositor in connection herewith describing the Assets and the QSTL Assets contain a statement to the following effect: A purchase of or security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Secured Party. 

(H) 
			 None of the Mortgage Notes that constitute or evidence any Assets or QSTL Assets has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than to the Depositor, by the Depositor to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee. 

(b) 
			 The Seller hereby makes the representations and warranties relating to the Timeshare Loans contained in Schedule I hereto for the benefit of the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders as of each Funding Date (only with respect to each Timeshare Loan or Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan transferred on such Funding Date or Transfer Date), as applicable. 

(c) 
			 It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 5 shall survive the sale and contribution of each Timeshare Loan sold hereunder to the Depositor and any assignment of such Timeshare Loan by the Depositor and shall continue so long as any such Timeshare Loans shall remain outstanding or until such time as such Timeshare Loans are repurchased, purchased or a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan is provided pursuant to Section 6 hereof. The Seller acknowledges that it has been advised that the Depositor intends to assign all of its right, title and interest in and to each Timeshare Loan sold hereunder and its rights and remedies under this Agreement to the Issuer. The Seller agrees that, upon any such assignment, the Depositor and any of its assignees may enforce directly, without joinder of the Depositor (but subject to any defense that the Seller may have under this Agreement) all rights and remedies hereunder. 

(d) 
			 With respect to any representations and warranties contained in this Section 5 which are made to the Seller s Knowledge, if it is discovered that any representation and warranty is inaccurate and such inaccuracy materially and adversely affects the value of a Timeshare Loan or the interests of the Depositor or any subsequent assignee thereof, then notwithstanding such lack of Knowledge of the accuracy of such representation and warranty at the time such representation or warranty was made (without regard to any Knowledge qualifiers), 

12 

such inaccuracy shall be deemed a breach of such representation or warranty for purposes of the repurchase or substitution obligations described in Sections 6(a)(i) or (ii) hereof. 

section 6. 
			 Repurchases and Substitutions . 

(a) 
			 Mandatory Repurchases and Substitutions for Breaches of Representations and Warranties . Upon the receipt of notice by the Seller from the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, of a breach of any of the representations and warranties in Section 5 hereof (on the date on which such representation or warranty was made) which materially and adversely affects the value of a Timeshare Loan or the interests of the Depositor or any subsequent assignee of the Depositor (including the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders) therein, the Seller shall, within 30 days (or, if the Seller shall have provided satisfactory evidence to the Funding Agents (at their sole discretion) that (1) such breach cannot be cured within the 30 day period, (2) such breach can be cured within an additional 30 day period and (3) it is diligently pursuing a cure, then 60 days) of receipt of such notice, cure in all material respects the circumstance or condition which has caused such representation or warranty to be incorrect or either (i) repurchase the Depositor s interest in such Defective Timeshare Loan from the Depositor at the Repurchase Price or (ii) provide one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans and pay the related Substitution Shortfall Amounts, if any. The Seller acknowledges that the Depositor shall, pursuant to the Sale Agreement sell Timeshare Loans and rights and remedies acquired hereunder to the Issuer and that the Issuer shall pledge such Timeshare Loans and rights to the Indenture Trustee. The Seller further acknowledges that the Indenture Trustee will be appointed attorney-in-fact under the Indenture and may enforce the Seller s repurchase or substitution obligations if the Seller has not complied with its repurchase or substitution obligations under this Agreement within the aforementioned 30-day or 60-day period. 

(b) 
			 Optional Purchases or Substitutions of Club Loans . The Depositor hereby irrevocably grants to the Seller any option to repurchase or substitute Original Club Loans it has under the Sale Agreement and as described in the following sentence. With respect to any Original Club Loans for which the related Obligor has elected to effect and the Seller has agreed to effect an Upgrade, the Seller will (at its option) either (i) pay the Repurchase Price for such Original Club Loan or (ii) substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for such Original Club Loan and pay the related Substitution Shortfall Amounts, if any; provided , however , that the Seller s option to substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for an Original Club Loan is limited on any date to (x) 20 of the then Aggregate Initial Loan Balance less (y) the Loan Balances of all Original Club Loans previously substituted by the Seller pursuant to this Section 6(b) on the related substitution dates pursuant to this Agreement and/or the Sale Agreement. The Seller shall use its best efforts to exercise its substitution option with respect to Original Club Loans prior to exercise of its repurchase option. To the extent that the Seller shall elect to substitute Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for an Original Club Loan, the Seller shall use its best efforts to cause each such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan to be, in the following order of priority, (i) the Upgrade Club Loan related to such Original Club Loan and (ii) an Upgrade Club Loan unrelated to such Original Club Loan. 

(c) 
			 Optional Purchases or Substitutions of Defaulted Timeshare Loans . The Depositor hereby irrevocably grants to the Seller an option to repurchase or substitute Defaulted Timeshare Loans it has under the Sale Agreement and as described in the following sentence. With 

13 

respect to Defaulted Timeshare Loans on any date, the Seller will have the option, but not the obligation, to either (i) purchase such Defaulted Timeshare Loan at the Repurchase Price of such Defaulted Timeshare Loan or (ii) substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for such Defaulted Timeshare Loan and pay the related Substitution Shortfall Amount, if any; provided , however , that the Seller s option to purchase a Defaulted Timeshare Loan or to substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for a Defaulted Timeshare Loan is limited on any date to the Optional Purchase Limit and the Optional Substitution Limit, respectively. The Seller may irrevocably waive its option to purchase or substitute a related Defaulted Timeshare Loan by delivering or causing to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee a Waiver Letter in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

(d) 
			 Payment of Repurchase Prices and Substitution Shortfall Amounts . The Seller hereby agrees to remit or cause to be remitted all amounts in respect of Repurchase Prices and Substitution Shortfall Amounts payable during the related Due Period in immediately available funds to the Indenture Trustee to be deposited in the Collection Account on the related Funding Date in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. In the event that more than one Timeshare Loan is replaced pursuant to Sections 6(a), (b) or (c) hereof on any Funding Date, the Substitution Shortfall Amounts and the Loan Balances of Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans shall be calculated on an aggregate basis for all substitutions made on such Funding Date. 

(e) 
			 Schedule of Timeshare Loans . The Seller hereby agrees, on each date on which a Timeshare Loan has been repurchased, purchased or substituted, to provide or cause to be provided to the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee with an electronic supplement to the Schedule of Timeshare Loans reflecting the removal and/or substitution of Timeshare Loans and subjecting any Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans to the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) 
			 Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans . Pursuant to Section 6(g) hereof, on the related Transfer Date, the Seller hereby agrees to deliver or to cause the delivery of the Timeshare Loan Files relating to the Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans to the Indenture Trustee or to the Custodian, at the direction of the Indenture Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and the Custodial Agreement. As of such related Transfer Date, the Seller does hereby transfer, assign, sell and grant to the Depositor, without recourse (except as provided in Section 6 and Section 8 hereof), any and all of the Seller s right, title and interest in and to (i) each Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan conveyed to the Depositor on such Transfer Date, (ii) the Receivables in respect of the Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans due after the related Cut-Off Date, (iii) the related Timeshare Loan Documents (excluding any rights as developer or declarant under the Timeshare Declaration, the Timeshare Program Consumer Documents or the Timeshare Program Governing Documents), (iv) all Related Security in respect of such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan and (v) all income, payments, proceeds and other benefits and rights related to any of the foregoing (the property in clauses (i) - (v) being the QSTL Assets ). Upon such sale, the ownership of each Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan and all collections allocable to principal and interest thereon after the related Cut-Off Date and all other property interests or rights conveyed pursuant to and referenced in this Section 6(f) shall immediately vest in the Depositor, its successors and assigns. The Seller shall not take any action inconsistent with such ownership nor claim any ownership interest in any Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan for any purpose whatsoever other than federal and state income tax reporting. The Seller agrees that such Qualified 

14 

Substitute Timeshare Loans shall be subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall thereafter be deemed a Timeshare Loan for the purposes of this Agreement. 

(g) 
			 Officer s Certificate for Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans . The Seller shall, on each related Transfer Date, certify or cause to be certified in writing to the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee that each new Timeshare Loan meets all the criteria of the definition of Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan and that (i) the Timeshare Loan Files for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans have been delivered to the Custodian or shall be delivered within five Business Days of the applicable Transfer Date, and (ii) the Timeshare Loan Servicing Files for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans have been delivered to the Servicer. 

(h) 
			 Release . In connection with any repurchase, purchase or substitution of one or more Timeshare Loans contemplated by this Section 6, upon satisfaction of the conditions contained in this Section 6, the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver or shall cause the execution and delivery of such releases and instruments of transfer or assignment presented to it by the Seller, in each case without recourse, as shall be necessary to vest in the Seller or its designee the legal and beneficial ownership of such Timeshare Loans; provided , however , that with respect to any release of a Timeshare Loan that is substituted by one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall not execute and deliver or cause the execution and delivery of such releases and instruments of transfer or assignment until the Funding Agents and the Servicer receive a Custodian s Certification for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan. The Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall cause the Custodian to release the related Timeshare Loan Files to the Seller or its designee and the Servicer to release the related Timeshare Loan Servicing Files to the Seller or its designee; provided , however , that with respect to any Timeshare Loan File or Timeshare Loan Servicing File related to a Timeshare Loan that has been substituted by a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall not cause the Custodian and the Servicer to release the related Timeshare Loan File and the Timeshare Loan Servicing File, respectively, until the Funding Agents, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer receive a Custodian s Certification for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan. 

(i) 
			 Sole Remedy . It is understood and agreed that the obligations of the Seller contained in Section 6(a) hereof to cure a breach, or to repurchase or substitute Defective Timeshare Loans and the obligation of the Seller to indemnify pursuant to Section 8 hereof, shall constitute the sole remedies available to the Depositor or its subsequent assignees for the breaches of any representation or warranty contained in Section 5 hereof and such remedies are not intended to and do not constitute credit recourse to the Seller. 

section 7. 
			 Additional Covenants of the Seller . The Seller hereby covenants and agrees with the Depositor as follows: 

(a) 
			 It shall comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to it and its business and properties except where the failure to comply will not have a material adverse effect on its business or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of the Timeshare Loans. 

15 

(b) 
			 It shall preserve and maintain its existence (corporate or otherwise), rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization and except where the failure to so preserve and maintain will not have a material adverse effect on its business or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of the Timeshare Loans. 

(c) 
			 On each Funding Date, it shall indicate in its and its Affiliates computer files and other records that each Timeshare Loan has been sold to the Depositor. 

(d) 
			 It shall respond to any inquiries with respect to ownership of a Timeshare Loan by stating that such Timeshare Loan has been sold to the Depositor and that the Depositor is the owner of such Timeshare Loan. 

(e) 
			 On or prior to the Closing Date, it shall file or cause to be filed, at its own expense, financing statements in favor of the Depositor, and, if applicable, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, with respect to the Timeshare Loans, in the form and manner reasonably requested by the Depositor or its assigns. The Seller shall deliver file-stamped copies of such financing statements to the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. 

(f) 
			 It agrees from time to time to, at its expense, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further actions, that may be necessary, or that the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the sale and contribution of the Timeshare Loans to the Depositor, or to enable the Depositor to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder or under any Timeshare Loan including, but not limited to, powers of attorney, UCC financing statements and assignments of mortgage. It hereby appoints the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee as attorneys-in-fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest and is therefore irrevocable, to act on behalf and in the name of the Seller under this Section 7(f). 

(g) 
			 Any change in the legal name of the Seller and any use by it of any trade name, fictitious name, assumed name or doing business as name occurring after the Closing Date shall be promptly (but not later than ten Business Days) disclosed to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee in writing. 

(h) 
			 Upon the discovery or receipt of notice by a Responsible Officer of the Seller of a breach of any of its representations or warranties and covenants contained herein, the Seller shall promptly disclose to the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, in reasonable detail, the nature of such breach. 

(i) 
			 In the event that the Seller shall receive any payments in respect of a Timeshare Loan after the Closing Date or Funding Date, as applicable, the Seller shall, within two (2) Business Days of receipt, transfer or cause to be transferred, such payments to the Lockbox Account. 

(j) 
			 The Seller will keep its principal place of business and chief executive office and the office where it keeps its records concerning the Timeshare Loans at the address of 

16 

Bluegreen listed herein and shall notify the parties hereto of any change to the same at least 30 days prior thereto. 

(k) 
			 In the event that the Seller or the Depositor or any assignee of the Depositor receives actual notice of any transfer taxes arising out of the transfer, assignment and conveyance of a Timeshare Loan to the Depositor, on written demand by the Depositor, or upon the Seller otherwise being given notice thereof, the Seller shall pay, and otherwise indemnify and hold the Depositor, or any subsequent assignee, harmless, on an after-tax basis, from and against any and all such transfer taxes. 

(l) 
			 The Seller authorizes the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee to file continuation statements, and amendments thereto, relating to the Timeshare Loans and all payments made with regard to the related Timeshare Loans without the signature of the Seller where permitted by law. A photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement shall be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law. The Depositor confirms that it is not its present intention to file a photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement as a financing statement, but reserves the right to do so if, in its good faith determination, there is at such time no reasonable alternative remaining to it. 

section 8. 
			 Indemnification . 

(a) 
			 The Seller agrees to indemnify the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders, the Purchasers and the Funding Agents (collectively, the Indemnified Parties against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, (including legal fees and related costs reasonably incurred and the costs of defending any claim or bringing any claim to enforce the indemnification or other obligations of the Seller hereunder) that the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders or the Funding Agents may sustain directly related to any breach of the representations and warranties of the Seller under Section 5 hereof (the Indemnified Amounts excluding , however (i) Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Indemnified Party; (ii) any recourse for any uncollectible Timeshare Loan not related to a breach of representation or warranty; (iii) recourse to the Seller for a Defective Timeshare Loan so long as the same is cured, substituted or repurchased pursuant to Section 6 hereof, (iv) income, franchise or similar taxes by such Indemnified Party arising out of or as a result of this Agreement or the transfer of the Timeshare Loans; (v) Indemnified Amounts attributable to any violation by an Indemnified Party of any Requirement of Law related to an Indemnified Party; or (vi) the operation or administration of the Indemnified Party generally and not related to the enforcement of this Agreement. The Seller shall (A) promptly notify the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee if a claim is made by a third party with respect to this Agreement or the Timeshare Loans, and relating to (i) the failure by the Seller to perform its duties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or (ii) a breach of the Seller s representations, covenants and warranties contained in this Agreement, (B) assume (with the consent of the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders or the Funding Agents, as applicable, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) the defense of any such claim and (C) pay all expenses in connection therewith, including legal counsel fees reasonably incurred and promptly pay, discharge and satisfy any judgment, order or decree which may be entered against it or the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders or the Funding Agents in respect of such claim. If the Seller shall have made any indemnity payment pursuant to this 

17 

Section 8 and the recipient thereafter collects from another Person any amount relating to the matters covered by the foregoing indemnity, the recipient shall promptly repay such amount to the Seller. 

(b) 
			 The obligations of the Seller under this Section 8 to indemnify the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders and the Funding Agents shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation or removal of the parties hereto and continue until the Notes are paid in full or otherwise released or discharged. 

section 9. 
			 No Proceedings . The Seller hereby agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, institute, or cause to be instituted, or join any Person in instituting, against the Depositor or any Association, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law so long as there shall not have elapsed one year plus one day since the latest maturing Notes issued by the Issuer. 

section 10. 
			 Notices, Etc . All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing and mailed or telecommunicated, or delivered as to each party hereto, at its address set forth below or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall not be effective until received by the party to whom such notice or communication is addressed. 

Seller 

Bluegreen Vacations Corporation 4960 Conference Way North, Suite 100 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 Attention: Paul Humphrey , Senior Vice President, Finance, Capital Markets and Mortgage Operations E-Mail: paul.humphrey@bluegreenvacations.com 

Depositor 

Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I 4950 Communication Avenue, Suite 900 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 Attention: Paul Humphrey, President E-Mail: paul.humphrey@bluegreenvacations.com 

section 11. 
			 No Waiver; Remedies . No failure on the part of the Seller, the Depositor or any assignee thereof to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

section 12. 
			 Binding Effect; Assignability . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Depositor and its respective successors and assigns. Any 

18 

assignee of the Depositor shall be an express third party beneficiary of this Agreement, entitled to directly enforce this Agreement. The Seller may not assign any of its rights and obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Depositor and any assignee thereof. The Depositor may, and intends to, assign all of its rights hereunder to the Issuer and the Seller consents to any such assignment. This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and shall remain in full force and effect until its termination; provided , however , that the rights and remedies with respect to any breach of any representation and warranty made by the Seller pursuant to Section 5 hereof and the repurchase or substitution and indemnification obligations shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement but such rights and remedies may be enforced only by the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. 

section 13. 
			 Amendments; Consents and Waivers . No modification, amendment or waiver of, or with respect to, any provision of this Agreement, and all other agreements, instruments and documents delivered thereto, nor consent to any departure by the Seller from any of the terms or conditions thereof shall be effective unless it shall be in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto, the written consent of the Required Noteholders is given and, to the extent the Notes are rated, confirmation from the Rating Agency that such action will not result in a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of any rating assigned to the Notes is received , provided , however , that any modification, amendment or waiver of, or with respect to Schedule I hereto shall not be effective unless the written consent of each Funding Agent is obtained . The Seller shall provide the Funding Agents and, to the extent the Notes are rated, the Rating Agency with such proposed modifications, amendments or waivers. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No consent to or demand by the Seller in any case shall, in itself, entitle it to any other consent or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. The Seller acknowledges that in connection with the intended assignment by the Depositor of all of its right, title and interest in and to each Timeshare Loan to the Issuer, the Issuer intends to issue the Notes, the proceeds of which will be used by the Issuer to purchase the Timeshare Loans from the Depositor under the terms of the Sale Agreement. 

section 14. 
			 Severability . In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Governmental Authority determines that the Depositor may not purchase or acquire the Timeshare Loans, the transactions evidenced hereby shall constitute a loan and not a purchase and sale and contribution to capital, notwithstanding the otherwise applicable intent of the parties hereto, and the Seller shall be deemed to have granted to the Depositor as of the date hereof, a first priority perfected security interest in all of the Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under such Timeshare Loans and the related property as described in Section 2 hereof. 

section 15. 
			 GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . 

(A) 
			 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS 

19 

OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(B) 
			 THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN NEW YORK CITY AND EACH PARTY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND CONSENTS THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL DIRECTED TO its aDDRESS SET FORTH IN secTION 10 HEREOF AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE COMPLETED FIVE DAYS AFTER THE SAME SHALL HAVE BEEN DEPOSITED IN THE U.S. MAILS, POSTAGE PREPAID. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVES ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS , AND ANY OBJECTION TO VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED HEREUNDER AND CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY THE COURT. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 15 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE parties to this agreement TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY OF THEM TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 

section 16. 
			 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR INSTRUMENT RELATED HERETO AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

section 17. 
			 Heading . The headings herein are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof. 

section 18. 
			 Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof and deemed an original. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor 

By: Name: Title: 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION, as Seller 

By:_______________________________________ Name: Title: 

Agreed and acknowledged as to the last paragraph of Section 3 herein only: 

BLUEGREEN VACATION CLUB TRUST 

By: Vacation Trust, Inc., Individually and as Club Trustee 

By:_______________________________________ Name: Title: 

[Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Purchase and Contribution Agreement] 

Annex A 

Eighth Amended and Restated Standard Definitions 

Annex A 

Schedule I 

Representations and Warranties of the Seller Regarding the Timeshare Loans 

With respect to each Timeshare Loan, as of the related Funding Date (or if so specified, as of the related Cut-Off Date): 

(a) 

payments due under such Timeshare Loan are fully-amortizing and payable in level monthly installments; 

(b) 

the payment obligations under such Timeshare Loan bear a fixed rate of interest; 

(c) 

other than NELO Loans, the Obligor thereunder has made total payments (comprised of a down payment and/or principal payments) by cash, check, credit card or otherwise of at least 10 of the actual purchase price (including closing costs) of the related Timeshare Property (which down payment may, (i) in the case of Upgrade Club Loans or conversion in connection with an Introductory Loan, be represented in whole or in part by the principal payments and down payment made on, as applicable, such related Original Club Loan or the related Introductory Loan since its date of origination, or (ii) in the case of an Upgrade or a conversion in connection with an Introductory Product, be represented in whole or in part by the amount paid where the Obligor has paid in full, whether at the point of sale or otherwise, for the original Timeshare Property or Introductory Product, as applicable) and no part of such payment has been made or loaned to the Obligor by Depositor, the Seller or an Affiliate thereof; 

(d) 

as of the related Cut-Off Date, such Timeshare Loan is not a Defaulted Timeshare Loan and no principal or interest due with respect to the Timeshare Loan is 31 days or more delinquent; 

(e) 

the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan is not an Affiliate of Bluegreen or any Subsidiary; provided , that solely for the purposes of this representation, a relative of an employee and employees of Bluegreen or any Subsidiary (or any of its Affiliates) shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate (unless such person is an affiliate (as defined under GAAP) of Bluegreen); 

(f) 

immediately prior to the conveyance of such Timeshare Loan to the Depositor, the Seller will own full legal and equitable title to such Timeshare Loan, and the Timeshare Loan (and the related Timeshare Property) is free and clear of adverse claims, liens and encumbrances and is not subject to claims of rescission, invalidity, unenforceability, illegality, defense, offset, abatement, diminution, recoupment, counterclaim or participation or ownership interest in favor of any other Persons, other than Permitted Liens; 

(g) 

such Timeshare Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan) is secured directly by a first priority Mortgage on the related purchased Timeshare Property; 

I- 

(h) 

with respect to each Deeded Club Loan, the Timeshare Property mortgaged by or at the direction of the related Obligor constitutes a fractional fee simple timeshare interest in real property at the related Resort or an undivided interest in a Resort (or a phase thereof) associated with a Unit that entitles the holder of the interest to the use of a specific property for a specified number of days each year or every other year, subject to the rules of the Bluegreen Vacation Club; the related Mortgage has been delivered for filing and recordation with all appropriate governmental authorities in all jurisdictions in which such Mortgage is required to be filed and recorded to create a valid, binding and enforceable first Lien on the related Timeshare Property and such Mortgage creates a valid, binding and enforceable first Lien on the related Timeshare Property, subject only to Permitted Liens; and the Seller is in compliance with any Permitted Lien respecting the right to the use of such Timeshare Property; the Assignment of Mortgage and each related endorsement of the related Mortgage Note constitutes a duly executed, legal, valid, binding and enforceable assignment or endorsement, as the case may be, of such related Mortgage and related Mortgage Note, and all monies due or to become due thereunder, and all proceeds thereof; 

(i) 

with respect to the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan and the related Timeshare Property purchased by such Obligor, there is only one original Mortgage (or certified true copy of the related Mortgage) and Mortgage Note (or Lost Note Affidavit), in the case of a Deeded Club Loan, and, only one original Owner Beneficiary Agreement (or Lost Note Affidavit), in the case of an Aruba Club Loan; all parties to the related Mortgage and the related Mortgage Note (and, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan, Owner Beneficiary Agreement) had legal capacity to enter into such Timeshare Loan Documents and to execute and deliver such related Timeshare Loan Documents, and such related Timeshare Loan Documents have been duly and properly executed by such parties; any amendments to such related Timeshare Loan Documents required as a result of any mergers involving the Seller or its predecessors, to maintain the rights of the Seller or its predecessors thereunder as a mortgagee (or a Seller, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan) have been completed; 

(j) 

at the time of origination of such Timeshare Loan, the applicable Originator had full power and authority to originate such Timeshare Loan and the Obligor or the Club Trustee had good and indefeasible fee title or good and marketable fee simple title, or, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan, a cooperative interest, as applicable, to the Timeshare Property related to such Timeshare Loan, free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens; 

(k) 

the Mortgage (or, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan, the related Owner Beneficiary Agreement) contains customary and enforceable provisions so as to render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for the realization against the related Timeshare Property of the benefits of the security interests or lender s contractual rights intended to be provided thereby, including (a) if the Mortgage is a deed of trust, by trustee s sale, including power of sale, (b) otherwise by judicial foreclosure or power of sale and/or (c) termination of the contract, retention of 

I - 2 

Obligor deposits and payments towards such Timeshare Loan by the Originator or lender, as the case may be, and expulsion from the Club; in the case of the Deeded Club Loans, there is no exemption available to the related Obligor which would interfere with the mortgagee s right to sell at a trustee s sale or power of sale or right to foreclose such related Mortgage, as applicable; 

(l) 

any Mortgage Note related to such Timeshare Loan is not and has not been secured by any collateral except the Lien of the related Mortgage; 

(m) 

if a Mortgage secures such Timeshare Loan, the title to the related Timeshare Property is insured (or a binding commitment, which may be a master commitment referencing one or more Mortgages, for title insurance, not subject to any conditions other than standard conditions applicable to all binding commitments, has been issued) under a mortgagee title insurance policy (which may consist of one master policy referencing one or more such Mortgages) issued by a title insurer qualified to do business in the jurisdiction where the related Timeshare Property is located in a form generally acceptable to prudent originators of similar mortgage loans, insuring the Seller or its predecessor and its successors and assigns, as to the first priority mortgage Lien of the related Mortgage in an amount equal to the original outstanding Loan Balance of such Timeshare Loan, and otherwise in form and substance acceptable to the Indenture Trustee; the Seller or its assignees is a named insured of such mortgagee s title insurance policy; such mortgagee s title insurance policy is in full force and effect; no claims have been made under such mortgagee s title insurance policy and no prior holder of such Timeshare Loan has done or omitted to do anything which would impair the coverage of such mortgagee s title insurance policy; no premiums for such mortgagee s title insurance policy, endorsements and all special endorsements are past due; 

(n) 

the Seller has not taken (or omitted to take), and has no notice that the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan has taken (or omitted to take), any action that would impair or invalidate the coverage provided by any hazard, title or other insurance policy on the related Timeshare Property; 

(o) 

all applicable intangible taxes and documentary stamp taxes have been paid on such Timeshare Loan; 

(p) 

the proceeds of such Timeshare Loan have been fully disbursed, there is no obligation to make future advances or to lend additional funds under the applicable Originator s commitment or the documents and instruments evidencing or securing such Timeshare Loan and no such advances or loans have been made since the origination of such Timeshare Loan; 

(q) 

the terms of each Timeshare Loan Document related to such Timeshare Loan have not been impaired, waived, altered or modified in any respect, except (x) by written instruments which are part of the related Timeshare Loan Documents or (y) in accordance with the Credit Policy in effect at the time of origination, the Collection Policy or the Servicing Standard (provided that no Timeshare Loan has been 

I - 3 

impaired, waived, altered, or modified in any respect more than once). No other instrument has been executed or agreed to which would affect any such impairment, waiver, alteration or modification; the Obligor has not been released from liability on or with respect to such Timeshare Loan, in whole or in part; if required by law or prudent originators of similar loans in the jurisdiction where the related Timeshare Property is located, all waivers, alterations and modifications have been filed and/or recorded in all places necessary to perfect, maintain and continue a valid first priority Lien of the related Mortgage, subject only to Permitted Liens; 

(r) 

other than if it is an Aruba Club Loan, such Timeshare Loan is principally and directly secured by an interest in real property; 

(s) 

such Timeshare Loan was originated by one of the Seller s Affiliates in the normal course of its business; was originated and underwritten in accordance with its underwriting guidelines and the Credit Policy in effect at the time of origination; and the to the Depositor's Knowledge origination, servicing and collection practices used by the Seller s Affiliates with respect to such Timeshare Loan have been in all respects, legal, proper, prudent and customary; 

(t) 

such Timeshare Loan is assignable to and by the obligee and its successors and assigns and the related Timeshare Property is assignable upon liquidation of such Timeshare Loan, without the consent of any other Person (including any Association, condominium association, homeowners or timeshare association); 

(u) 

the Mortgage related to such Timeshare Loan is and will be prior to any Lien on, or other interests relating to, the related Timeshare Property subject to Permitted Liens; 

(v) 

to the Seller s Knowledge, there are no delinquent or unpaid taxes, ground rents (if any), water charges, sewer rents or assessments outstanding with respect to any of the Timeshare Properties, nor any other outstanding Liens or charges affecting the Timeshare Properties related to such Timeshare Loan that would affect the Lien of the related Mortgage or otherwise materially affect the interests of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders in such Timeshare Loan; 

(w) 

other than with respect to delinquent payments of principal or interest 30 (thirty) or fewer days past due as of the Cut-Off Date, there is no default, breach, violation or event of acceleration existing under the Mortgage, the related Mortgage Note or any other document or instrument evidencing, guaranteeing, insuring or otherwise securing such Timeshare Loan, and no event which, with the lapse of time or with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a material default, breach, violation or event of acceleration thereunder; and the Seller has not waived any such material default, breach, violation or event of acceleration under the Owner Beneficiary Agreement, Mortgage, the Mortgage Note or any such other document or instrument, as applicable; 

I - 4 

(x) 

neither the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan nor any other Person has the right, by statute, contract or otherwise, to seek the partition of the Timeshare Property; 

(y) 

as of the related Cut-Off Date, such Timeshare Loan has not been satisfied, canceled, rescinded or subordinated, in whole or in part; no portion of the related Timeshare Property has been released from the Lien of the related Mortgage, in whole or in part; no instrument has been executed that would effect any such satisfaction, cancellation, rescission, subordination or release; the terms of the related Mortgage do not provide for a release of any portion of the related Timeshare Property from the Lien of the related Mortgage except upon the payment of such Timeshare Loan in full; 

(z) 

the Seller and any of its Affiliates and, to the Seller s Knowledge, each other party which has had an interest in such Timeshare Loan is (or, during the period in which such party held and disposed of such interest, was) in compliance with any and all applicable filing, licensing and doing business requirements of the laws of the state wherein the related Timeshare Property is located to the extent necessary to permit the Seller to maintain or defend actions or proceedings with respect to such Timeshare Loan in all appropriate forums in such state without any further act on the part of any such party; 

(aa) 

there is no current obligation on the part of any other person (including any buy down arrangement) to make payments on behalf of the Obligor in respect of such Timeshare Loan; 

(bb) 

the Associations related to such Timeshare Loan were duly organized and are validly existing; a manager (the Manager manages such Resort and performs services for the Associations, pursuant to an agreement between the Manager and the respective Associations, such contract being in full force and effect; to the Seller s Knowledge the Manager and the Associations have performed in all material respects all obligations under such agreement and are not in default under such agreement; 

(cc) 

in the case of the Opinion Resorts (other than La Cabana Resort) and to the Seller s Knowledge with respect to the Non-Opinion Resorts and La Cabana Resort, (i) the Resort related to such Timeshare Loan is insured in the event of fire, earthquake, or other casualty for the full replacement value thereof, and in the event that the related Timeshare Property should suffer any loss covered by casualty or other insurance, upon receipt of any insurance proceeds, the Associations at the Resorts are required, during the time such Resort is covered by such insurance, under the applicable governing instruments either to repair or rebuild the portions of the Resort in which the related Timeshare Property is located or to pay such proceeds as their interests may appear to the holders of any related Mortgage secured by the Timeshare Property located at such Resort; (ii) the related Resort, if located in a designated flood plain, maintains flood insurance in an amount not less than the maximum level available (without regard to reasonable deductibles) under the 

I - 5 

National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as amended or any applicable laws; (iii) the related Resort has business interruption insurance and general liability insurance in such amounts generally acceptable in the industry; and (iv) the related Resort s insurance policies are in full force and effect with a generally acceptable insurance carrier; 

(dd) 

the obligee of the related Mortgage related to such Timeshare Loan and its successors and assigns have the right to receive and direct the application of insurance and condemnation proceeds received in respect of the related Timeshare Property, except where the related condominium declarations, timeshare declarations, the Club Trust Agreement or applicable state law provide that insurance and condemnation proceeds be applied to restoration or replacement of the improvements or acquisition of similar improvements, as the case may be; 

(ee) 

each rescission period applicable to such Timeshare Loan has expired; 

(ff) 

no selection procedures were intentionally utilized by the Seller in selecting such Timeshare Loan which the Seller knew were materially adverse to the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders; 

(gg) 

except as set forth on Schedule II hereto, in the case of Opinion Resorts and the Seller s Knowledge with respect to the Non-Opinion Resorts and the La Cabana Resort, the Units related to such Timeshare Loan in the related Resort have been completed in all material respects as required by applicable state and local laws, free of all defects that could give rise to any claims by the related Obligors under home warranties or applicable laws or regulations, whether or not such claims would create valid offset rights under the law of the State in which the Resort is located; to the extent required by applicable law, valid certificates of occupancy for such Units have been issued and are currently outstanding; the Seller or any of its Affiliates have complied in all material respects with all obligations and duties incumbent upon the developers under the related timeshare declaration (each a Declaration ), as applicable, or similar applicable documents for the related Resort; no practice, procedure or policy employed by the related Association in the conduct of its business violates any law, regulation, judgment or agreement, including, without limitation, those relating to zoning, building, use and occupancy, fire, health, sanitation, air pollution, ecological, environmental and toxic wastes, applicable to such Association which, if enforced, would reasonably be expected to (a) have a material adverse impact on such Association or the ability of such Association to do business, (b) have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of such Association, or (c) constitute grounds for the revocation of any license, charter, permit or registration which is material to the conduct of the business of such Association; the related Resort and the present use thereof does not violate any applicable environmental, zoning or building laws, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental authority, or any covenants or restrictions of record, so as to materially adversely affect the value or use of such Resort or the performance by the related Association of its obligations pursuant to and as contemplated by the terms and provisions of the related Declaration; there is no 

I - 6 

condition presently existing, and to the Seller s Knowledge, no event has occurred or failed to occur prior to the date hereof, concerning the related Resort relating to any hazardous or toxic materials or condition, asbestos or other environmental or similar matters which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the present use of such Resort or the financial condition or business operations of the related Association, or the value of the Notes; 

(hh) 

[RESERVED]; 

(ii) 

payments with respect to such Timeshare Loan are to be in legal tender of the United States; 

(jj) 

all monthly payments (as applicable) made with respect to such Timeshare Loan have been made by the Obligor and not by the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller on the Obligor s behalf; 

(kk) 

such Timeshare Loan relates to an Approved Resort; 

(ll) 

such Timeshare Loan constitutes either chattel paper , a general intangible or an instrument as defined in the UCC as in effect in all applicable jurisdictions; 

(mm) 

the sale, transfer and assignment of such Timeshare Loan and the Related Security does not contravene or conflict with any law, rule or regulation or any contractual or other restriction, limitation or encumbrance, and the sale, transfer and assignment of such Timeshare Loan and Related Security does not require the consent of the Obligor; 

(nn) 

such Timeshare Loan, the Related Security, related Assignment of Mortgage, related Mortgage, related Mortgage Note, related Owner Beneficiary Agreement (each as applicable) and each other related Timeshare Loan Document are in full force and effect, constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Obligor thereof enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms subject to the effect of bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, insolvency, reorganization, assignment, liquidation, conservatorship or moratorium, and is not subject to any dispute, offset, counterclaim or defense whatsoever; 

(oo) 

such Timeshare Loan relates to a Completed Unit; such Timeshare Loan and the Related Security do not, and the origination of each Timeshare Loan did not, contravene in any material respect any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto (including, without limitation, laws, rules and regulations relating to usury, retail installment sales, truth in lending, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) and with respect to which no party thereto has been or is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation in any material respect if such violation would impair the collectability of such Timeshare Loan and the Related Security; no Timeshare Loan was originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer, conveyance or assignment of such Timeshare Loan would be unlawful, void or voidable; 

I - 7 

(pp) 

to the Seller s Knowledge, (i) no bankruptcy is currently existing with respect to the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan, (ii) such Obligor is not insolvent and (iii) such Obligor is not an Affiliate of the Seller; 

(qq) 

[RESERVED]; 

(rr) 

except if such Timeshare Loan is a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan that is an Upgrade Loan replacing its related Original Club Loan, the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan has made at least one required payment with respect to the Timeshare Loan (not including any down payment); 

(ss) 

if a Resort (other than La Cabana Resort) is subject to a construction loan, the construction lender shall have signed and delivered a non-disturbance agreement (which may be contained in such lender s mortgage) pursuant to which such construction lender agrees not to foreclose on any Timeshare Properties relating to such Timeshare Loan or by the terms of the construction loan, the related Timeshare Property has been released from the lien created thereby which have been sold pursuant to this Agreement; 

(tt) 

except as set forth on Schedule II hereto, the Timeshare Properties and the Resorts related to such Timeshare Loan are free of material damage and waste and are in good repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and fully operational, subject to renovations for improvement from time to time; there is no proceeding pending or threatened for the total or partial condemnation of or affecting any Timeshare Property or taking of the Timeshare Property by eminent domain; the Timeshare Properties and the Resorts in which the Timeshare Properties are located are lawfully used and occupied under applicable law by the owner thereof; 

(uu) 

except as set forth on Schedule II hereto, the portions of the Resorts in which the Timeshare Properties are located which represent the common facilities are free of material damage and waste and are in good repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, subject to renovations for improvement from time to time; 

(vv) 

no foreclosure or similar proceedings have been instituted and are continuing with respect to such Timeshare Loan or the related Timeshare Property; 

(ww) 

if such Timeshare Loan is an Aruba Club Loan, Bluegreen shall own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the economic and voting interests of the Aruba Originator; 

(xx) 

such Timeshare Loan does not have an original term to maturity in excess of 120 months; 

(yy) 

to the Seller s Knowledge, the capital reserves and maintenance fee levels of the Associations of the Resorts related to such Timeshare Loan are adequate in light of the operating requirements of such Associations; 

(zz) 

except as required by law, such Timeshare Loan may not be assumed without the consent of the obligee; 

I - 8 

(aaa) 

for each Club Loan, the Obligor under such Timeshare Loan does not have its rights under the Club Trust Agreement suspended; 

(bbb) 

the payments under such Timeshare Loan are not subject to withholding taxes imposed by any foreign governments; 

(ccc) 

each entry with respect to such Timeshare Loan as set forth on the Schedule of Timeshare Loans is true and correct. If such Timeshare Loan is a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan, each entry with respect to a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan as set forth on the Schedule of Timeshare Loans, as revised, is true and correct; 

(ddd) 

if such Timeshare Loan relates to a Timeshare Property located in Aruba, a notice has been mailed or will be mailed within 30 days of the related Funding Date, as applicable, to the related Obligor indicating that such Timeshare Loan has been transferred to the Depositor and will ultimately be transferred to the Issuer and pledged to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders; 

(eee) 

no broker is, or will be, entitled to any commission or compensation in connection with the transfer of such Timeshare Loans hereunder; 

(fff) 

if the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan is paying its scheduled payments by pre-authorized debit or charge, such Obligor has executed an ACH Form; 

(ggg) 

such Timeshare Loan is not an RDI Loan, an Oasis Lakes Loan, a Conversion Loan or an Introductory Loan; 

(hhh) 

[RESERVED]; 

(iii) 

if such Timeshare Loan relates to a Timeshare Property located in the State of Michigan and was originated prior to Bluegreen obtaining a license under the Michigan Mortgage Brokers, Lenders and Servicers Licensing Act, Bluegreen shall have confirmed that the interest rate on such Timeshare Loan is enforceable in the manner specified as effective in an opinion by Michigan local counsel; 

(jjj) 

with respect to any date of determination, all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate shall satisfy the following criteria : 

(1) 

the weighted average FICO Scores of the Obligors (who have FICO Scores) of such Funding Date Timeshare Loans is equal to or greater than 705 ; and 

(2) 

the weighted average Timeshare Loan Rates (weighted on the basis of Loan Balance) of all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate is equal to or greater than 12.50 ; and 

I - 9 

(3) 

the weighted average FICO Scores of the Obligors (who have FICO Scores) of all NELO Loans in the Trust Estate is equal to or greater than 7 10 ; 

(kkk) 

such Timeshare Loan complies with the Credit Policy in effect at the time of origination; 

(lll) 

the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan has a FICO Score of 625 or greater, unless the Obligor has no FICO Score ; 

(mmm) 

if the related Obligor is a United States resident and does not have a FICO Score, such Obligor has made total payments (comprised of a down payment and/or principal payments) by cash, check, credit card or otherwise equal to at least 20 of the actual purchase price (including closing costs) of the related Timeshare Property (which down payment may, (i) in the case of Upgrade Club Loans or conversion in connection with an Introductory Loan, be represented in whole or in part by the principal payments and down payment made on, as applicable, the related Original Club Loan or the related Introductory Loan since its date of origination or (ii) in the case of an Upgrade or a conversion in connection with an Introductory Product, be represented in whole or in part by the amount paid where the Obligor has paid in full, whether at the point of sale or otherwise, for the original Timeshare Property or Introductory Product, as applicable) and no part of such payment has been made or loaned to the related Obligor by Bluegreen or an Affiliate thereof; 

(nnn) 

such Timeshare Loan shall not have a Timeshare Loan Rate less than 9.99 , except if subject to the Servicemember Civil Relief Act; and 

(ooo) 

if such Timeshare Loan is an Aruba Club Loan, such Timeshare Loan does not have a related Mortgage or Mortgage Note. 

I - 10 

Schedule II 

Exceptions 

With respect to (tt) and (uu), the Casa Del Mar resort sustained roof damage from Hurricane Ian. Reservations have been cancelled through October 31, 2022 while repairs are being made. 

II- 

Schedule 5 

None. 

V 

Exhibit A 

Waiver Letter 

Date: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee of BXG Timeshare Trust I 190 S. LaSalle St., 7 th Floor 

MK-IL-SL7C Chicago, IL 60603 

BXG Timeshare Trust I c/o Wilmington Trust Company, as Owner Trustee 1100 North Market Street Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001 

Attention: Corporate Trust Services BXG Timeshare Trust I 

In accordance with Section 6(c) of that certain Third Amended and Restated Purchase and Contribution Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, a Florida corporation Bluegreen or a Seller and Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, a Delaware corporation (the Depositor ), the undersigned hereby irrevocably waives its option to repurchase and/or substitute any Defaulted Timeshare Loan listed on Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement. 

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has caused its name to be signed hereby by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year written above. 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION 

By:__________________________________ Name: Title: 

A- 

Exhibit A to Form of Waiver Letter 

A- 2 

Exhibit B 

Club Trust Agreement 

B- 

</EX-10.93>

<EX-10.94>
 4
 bvh-20221231xex10_94.htm
 EX-10.94

Exhibit 10.94 Third Amended and Restated Sale Agreement

Execution Copy 

(Depositor to Issuer Commitment I) 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AGREEMENT 

This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, a Delaware corporation (the Depositor ), BXG Timeshare Trust I, a statutory trust formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Issuer ), and their respective permitted successors and assigns, hereby amends and restates in its entirety that certain Second Amended and Restated Sale Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2017 , by and between the Depositor and the Issuer (as amended from time to time, the Original Agreement ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Original Agreement as provided herein, and all actions required to do so under the Original Agreement have been taken; 

WHEREAS, the Depositor has acquired and, from time to time, will acquire certain timeshare loans from Bluegreen Vacations Corporation (f/k/a Bluegreen Corporation) , a Florida corporation Bluegreen or the Club Originator pursuant to that certain Third Amended and Restated Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Purchase Agreement ), by and between Bluegreen and the Depositor; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Original Agreement, the Depositor has sold and the Issuer has purchased Timeshare Loans and pursuant to this Agreement, the Depositor desires to sell, and the Issuer desires to purchase, from time to time, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, those certain timeshare loans acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement; 

WHEREAS, on the Closing Date, the Issuer intends to enter into that certain Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of September 30 , 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, Bluegreen, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), Vacation Trust, Inc., a Florida corporation, as club trustee (the Club Trustee ), Concord Servicing LLC , as backup servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee and as paying agent (in such capacity, the Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian (in such capacity, the Custodian ), whereby the Issuer will pledge the Trust Estate (as defined in the Indenture) to the Indenture Trustee to secure the Issuer s Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I (the Notes ); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms the Indenture, the Issuer shall pledge such Timeshare Loans, as part of the Trust Estate, to the Indenture Trustee to secure the Notes; 

WHEREAS, the Depositor may, and in certain circumstances will be required, to cure, repurchase or substitute and provide one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for a Timeshare Loan that is a Defective Timeshare Loan, previously sold to the Issuer hereunder and 

pledged to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Timeshare Loans sold to the Issuer under the Original Agreement); and 

WHEREAS, the Depositor may, at the direction of the Club Originator, be required to exercise the Club Originator s option to purchase or substitute Timeshare Loans that become subject to an Upgrade or Defaulted Timeshare Loans previously sold to the Issuer hereunder and pledged to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
		 Definitions; Interpretation 
		 
			 . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Eighth Amended and Restated Standard Definitions attached hereto as Annex A . 
		 Acquisition of Timeshare Loans 
		 
			 . 

(a) 
			 Timeshare Loans . On each Funding Date, in return for the Timeshare Loan Acquisition Price for each Timeshare Loan to be sold on such Funding Date, to be paid in part in cash and in part as an increase in the value of the Residual Interest Certificate held by the Depositor, the Depositor does hereby transfer, assign, sell and grant to the Issuer, without recourse (except as provided in Section 6 and Section 8 hereof), any and all of the Depositor s right, title and interest in and to (i) any Timeshare Loans listed on the related Borrowing Notice, (ii) the Receivables in respect of such Timeshare Loans due after the related Cut-Off Date, (iii) the related Timeshare Loan Documents (excluding any rights as developer or declarant under the Timeshare Declaration, the Timeshare Program Consumer Documents or the Timeshare Program Governing Documents), (iv) all Related Security in respect of each such Timeshare Loan, (v) the Depositor s rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement, including, but not limited to, its rights with respect to the representations and warranties of the Club Originator therein, together with all rights of the Depositor with respect to any breach thereof, including any right to require the Club Originator to cure, repurchase or substitute any Defective Timeshare Loans in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement and (vi) all income, payments, proceeds and other benefits and rights related to any of the foregoing (the property in clauses (i)-(vi), being the Assets ). Upon such sale and transfer, the ownership of each Timeshare Loan and all collections allocable to principal and interest thereon after the related Cut-Off Date and all other property interests or rights conveyed pursuant to and referenced in this Section 2(a) shall immediately vest in the Issuer, its successors and assigns. The Depositor shall not take any action inconsistent with such ownership nor claim any ownership interest in any Timeshare Loan for any purpose whatsoever other than for federal and state income tax reporting, if applicable. The parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledge that the credit risk of the Timeshare Loans conveyed hereunder shall be borne by the Issuer and its subsequent assignees. 

(b) 
			 Delivery of Timeshare Loan Documents . In connection with the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Timeshare Loans hereunder, the Issuer hereby directs the Depositor and the Depositor hereby agrees to deliver or cause to be delivered, at least five 

2 

Business Days prior to each Funding Date, to the Custodian all related Timeshare Loan Files and to the Servicer all related Timeshare Loan Servicing Files. 

(c) 
			 Collections . The Depositor shall deposit or cause to be deposited all collections in respect of Timeshare Loans received by the Depositor or its Affiliates after the related Cut-Off Date in the Lockbox Account and, with respect to Credit Card Timeshare Loans, direct each applicable credit card vendor to deposit all payments in respect of such Credit Card Timeshare Loans to the Lockbox Account. 

(d) 
			 Limitation of Liability . None of the Issuer, the Depositor or any subsequent assignee of the Issuer shall have any obligation or liability with respect to any Timeshare Loan nor shall the Issuer, the Depositor or any subsequent assignee have any liability to any Obligor in respect of any Timeshare Loan. No such obligation or liability is intended to be assumed by the Issuer, the Depositor or any subsequent assignee herewith and any such liability is hereby expressly disclaimed. 
 Intended Characterization; Grant of Security Interest 
		 
			 . It is the intention of the parties hereto that each transfer of Timeshare Loans to be made pursuant to the terms hereof shall constitute a sale by the Depositor to the Issuer and not a loan secured by such Timeshare Loans. In the event, however, that a court of competent jurisdiction were to hold that any such transfer constitutes a loan and not a sale (a Recharacterization ), it is the intention of the parties hereto that the Depositor shall be deemed to have granted to the Issuer as of the date hereof a first priority perfected security interest in all of the Depositor s right, title and interest in, to and under the Assets and the QSTL Assets (as hereinafter defined) specified in Section 2 hereof and Section 6(f) hereof, respectively, and the proceeds thereof and that with respect to such transfer, this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law. In the event of a Recharacterization, the amount of interest payable or paid with respect to such loan under the terms of this Agreement shall be limited to an amount which shall not exceed the maximum non-usurious rate of interest allowed by the applicable state law or any applicable law of the United States permitting a higher maximum non-usurious rate that preempts such applicable state law, which could lawfully be contracted for, charged or received (the Highest Lawful Rate ). In the event any payment of interest on any such loan exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, the parties hereto stipulate that (a) to the extent possible given the term of such loan, such excess amount previously paid or to be paid with respect to such loan be applied to reduce the principal balance of such loan, and the provisions thereof immediately be deemed reformed and the amounts thereafter collectible thereunder reduced, without the necessity of the execution of any new document, so as to comply with the then applicable law, but so as to permit the recovery of the fullest amount otherwise called for thereunder and (b) to the extent that the reduction of the principal balance of, and the amounts collectible under, such loan and the reformation of the provisions thereof described in the immediately preceding clause (a) is not possible given the term of such loan, such excess amount will be deemed to have been paid with respect to such loan as a result of an error and upon discovery of such error or upon notice thereof by any party hereto such amount shall be refunded by the recipient thereof. In the case of any Recharacterization, each of the Depositor and the Issuer represents and warrants as to itself that each remittance of Collections by the Depositor to the Issuer hereunder will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by the Depositor in the ordinary 

3 

course of business or financial affairs of the Issuer and the Depositor and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Issuer and the Depositor. 

The characterization of the Depositor as debtor and the Issuer as secured party in any such security agreement and any related financing statements required hereunder is solely for protective purposes and shall in no way be construed as being contrary to the intent of the parties that this transaction be treated as a sale to the Issuer of the Depositor s entire right, title and interest in and to the Assets and the QSTL Assets. 

Each of the Depositor, the Club, the Club Trustee and any of their Affiliates hereby agrees to make the appropriate entries in its general accounting records to indicate that the Timeshare Loans have been transferred to the Issuer, pledged to the Indenture Trustee and constitute a part of the Issuer s estate in accordance with the terms of the Trust created under the Trust Agreement. 
		 Conditions Precedent to Acquisition of Timeshare Loans by the Issuer 
		 
			 . The obligations of the Issuer to purchase any Timeshare Loans hereunder shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(e) 
			 With respect to each Funding Date for each Timeshare Loan or any Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan replacing a Timeshare Loan, all representations and warranties of the Depositor contained in Section 5(a) hereof shall be true and correct on such date as if made on such date, and all representations and warranties as to the Timeshare Loans contained in Section 5(b) hereof and all information provided in the Schedule of Timeshare Loans in respect of each such Timeshare Loan conveyed on such Funding Date shall be true and correct on such Funding Date. 

(f) 
			 Prior to a Funding Date, the Depositor shall have delivered or shall have caused the delivery of (i) the related Timeshare Loan Files to the Custodian and the Custodian shall have delivered a Custodian s Certification therefor pursuant to the Custodial Agreement and (ii) the Timeshare Loan Servicing Files to the Servicer. 

(g) 
			 The Depositor shall have delivered or caused to be delivered all other information theretofore required or reasonably requested by the Issuer to be delivered by the Depositor or performed or caused to be performed all other obligations required to be performed as of the related Funding Date, including all filings, recordings and/or registrations as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee to establish and preserve the right, title and interest of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, in the related Timeshare Loans. 

(h) 
			 On the related Funding Date, the Indenture shall be in full force and effect. 

(i) 
			 Each of the conditions precedent to a Borrowing under the Indenture and the Note Funding Agreement shall have been satisfied. 

(j) 
			 Each Timeshare Loan conveyed on a Funding Date shall be an Eligible Timeshare Loan. 

4 

(k) 
			 Each Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan replacing a Timeshare Loan shall satisfy each of the criteria specified in the definition of Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan and each of the conditions herein and in the Indenture for substitution of Timeshare Loans shall have been satisfied. 

(l) 
			 The Issuer shall have received such other certificates and opinions as it shall reasonably request. 
 Representations and Warranties and Certain Covenants of the Depositor 
		 
			 . 

(m) 
			 The Depositor represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, on the Amendment Closing Date and on each Funding Date (with respect to any Timeshare Loans or Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans transferred on such Funding Date or Transfer Date) as follows: 

(i) 
			 Due Incorporation; Valid Existence; Good Standing . It is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation; and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where the character of its property, the nature of its business or the performance of its obligations under this Agreement makes such qualification necessary. 

(ii) 
			 Possession of Licenses, Certificates, Franchises and Permits . It holds, and at all times during the term of this Agreement will hold, all licenses, certificates, franchises and permits from all governmental authorities necessary for the conduct of its business, and has received no notice of proceedings relating to the revocation of any such license, certificate, franchise or permit, which singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would materially and adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of any Timeshare Loans. 

(iii) 
			 Corporate Authority and Power . It has, and at all times during the term of this Agreement will have, all requisite corporate power and authority to own its properties, to conduct its business, to execute and deliver this Agreement and all documents and transactions contemplated hereunder and to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder. It has all requisite corporate power and authority to acquire, own, transfer and convey Timeshare Loans to the Issuer. 

(iv) 
			 Authorization, Execution and Delivery Valid and Binding . This Agreement and all other Transaction Documents and instruments required or contemplated hereby to be executed and delivered by it have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and, assuming the due execution and delivery by, the other party or parties hereto and thereto, constitute legal, valid and binding agreements enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms subject, as to enforceability, to bankruptcy, 

5 

insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, moratorium and other similar applicable laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally applicable in the event of the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution, as applicable, of it and to general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability shall be considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. This Agreement constitutes a valid transfer of its interest in the Timeshare Loans to the Issuer or, in the event of the characterization of any such transfer as a loan, the valid creation of a first priority perfected security interest in such Timeshare Loans in favor of the Issuer. 

(v) 
			 No Violation of Law, Rule, Regulation, etc . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party do not and will not (A) violate any of the provisions of its articles of incorporation or bylaws, (B) violate any provision of any law, governmental rule or regulation currently in effect applicable to it or its properties or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected, including, without limitation, any bulk transfer laws, (C) violate any judgment, decree, writ, injunction, award, determination or order currently in effect applicable to it or its properties or by which it or its properties are bound or affected, where such violation would have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of any Timeshare Loans, (D) conflict with, or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound where such violation would have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of Timeshare Loans or (E) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract or other instrument. 

(vi) 
			 Governmental Consent . No consent, approval, order or authorization of, and no filing with or notice to, any court or other Governmental Authority in respect of it is required which has not been obtained in connection with the authorization, execution, delivery or performance by it of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder, including, without limitation, the transfer of Timeshare Loans and the creation of the security interest of the Issuer therein pursuant to Section 3 hereof. 

(vii) 
			 Defaults . It is not in default under any agreement, contract, instrument or indenture to which it is a party or by which it or its properties is or are bound, or with respect to any order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body, in each case, which would have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated hereunder or on its business, operations, financial condition or assets, and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such a default with respect to any such agreement, contract, instrument or indenture, or with respect to any such order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body. 

6 

(viii) 
			 Insolvency . It is solvent and will not be rendered insolvent by the transfer of any Timeshare Loans hereunder. On and after the Closing Date, it will not engage in any business or transaction the result of which would cause the property remaining with it to constitute an unreasonably small amount of capital. 

(ix) 
			 Pending Litigation or Other Proceedings . There is no pending or, to its Knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body against or affecting it which, if decided adversely, would materially and adversely affect (A) its condition (financial or otherwise), business or operations, (B) its ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any other documents or transactions contemplated under this Agreement, (C) any Timeshare Loan or title of any Obligor to any related Timeshare Property pursuant to the applicable Owner Beneficiary Agreement or (D) the Issuer s or the Indenture Trustee s ability to foreclose or otherwise enforce the liens of the Mortgage Notes and the rights of the Obligors to use and occupy the related Timeshare Properties pursuant to the applicable Owner Beneficiary Agreement. 

(x) 
			 Information . No document, certificate or report furnished or required to be furnished by or on behalf of it pursuant to this Agreement, in its capacity as Depositor, contains or will contain when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or fails or will fail to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made. There are no facts known to it which, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect, or which (aside from general economic trends) may reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect in the future, the financial condition or assets or its business, or which may impair the ability of it to perform its obligations under this Agreement, which have not been disclosed herein or therein or in the certificates and other documents furnished to the Issuer by or on behalf of it specifically for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

(xi) 
			 Foreign Tax Liability . It is not aware of any Obligor under a Timeshare Loan who has withheld any portion of payments due under such Timeshare Loan because of the requirements of a foreign taxing authority, and no foreign taxing authority has contacted it concerning a withholding or other foreign tax liability. 

(xii) 
			 Employee Benefit Plan Liability. As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, (A), neither the Depositor nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has or has incurred any accumulated funding deficiency (as such term is defined under ERISA and the Code), whether or not waived, with respect to any Employee Pension Benefit Plan (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), and, to the Depositor s Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that may result in any accumulated funding deficiency of any such plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; (B) neither the Depositor nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has any unpaid minimum required contribution (as such term is defined under ERISA and the Code) with respect to any Employee Pension Benefit 

7 

Plan, whether or not such unpaid minimum required contribution is waived, that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect, and, to the Depositor s Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that may result in any unpaid minimum required contribution as of the last day of the current plan year of any such plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; (C) the Depositor and each of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates have no outstanding liability for any undisputed contribution required under any Depositor Multiemployer Plan (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; and (D) the Depositor and each of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates have no outstanding liability for any disputed contribution required under any Depositor Multiemployer Plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, to the Depositor s Knowledge (1) neither the Depositor nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has incurred any Withdrawal Liability (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect, and (2) no event has occurred or circumstance exists that could result in any Withdrawal Liability that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, to the Depositor s Knowledge, neither the Depositor nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has received notification of the reorganization, termination, partition, or insolvency of any Multiemployer Plan that could either individually or in the aggregate Cause a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection 5(a)(xii), Cause a Material Adverse Effect means reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the Depositor or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates; Commonly Controlled Affiliates means those direct or indirect affiliates of the Depositor that would be considered a single employer with the Depositor under Section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Code; Employee Pension Benefit Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA that is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Depositor or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates (other than a Depositor Multiemployer Plan); Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA; Depositor Multiemployer Plan means a Multiemployer Plan to which the Depositor or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates contributes or in which the Depositor or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates participates; and Withdrawal Liability means liability as determined under ERISA for the complete or partial withdrawal of the Depositor or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan. 

(xiii) 
			 Taxes . (A) It has filed all tax returns (federal, state and local) which it reasonably believes are required to be filed and has paid or made adequate provision in its GAAP financial statements for the payment of all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges due from it or is contesting any such tax, assessment or other governmental charge in good faith through appropriate proceedings or except where the failure to file or pay will not have a material adverse effect on the rights and interests of the Issuer or any of its subsequent assignees, (B) it knows of no basis for any material additional tax assessment for any fiscal year for which adequate reserves in its GAAP 

8 

financial statements have not been established and (C) it intends to pay all such taxes, assessments and governmental charges, if any, when due. 

(xiv) 
			 Place of Business . The principal place of business and chief executive office where it keeps its records concerning Timeshare Loans will be 4950 Communication Avenue, Suite 900, Boca Raton, Florida 33431 (or such other place specified by it by written notice to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee). It is a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

(xv) 
			 Securities Laws . It is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No portion of the Timeshare Loan Acquisition Price for each of the Timeshare Loans will be used by it to acquire any security in any transaction which is subject to Section 13 or Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(xvi) 
			 Bluegreen Vacation Club . With respect to the Club Loans: 

(A) 
			 The Club Trust Agreement, of which a true and correct copy is attached hereto as Exhibit B is in full force and effect; and a certified copy of the Club Trust Agreement has been delivered to the Indenture Trustee together with all amendments and supplements in respect thereof; 

(B) 
			 The arrangement of contractual rights and obligations (duly established in accordance with the Club Trust Agreement under the laws of the State of Florida) was established for the purpose of holding and preserving certain property for the benefit of the Beneficiaries referred to in the Club Trust Agreement. The Club Trustee has all necessary trust and other authorizations and powers required to carry out its obligations under the Club Trust Agreement in the State of Florida and in all other states in which it holds Resort Interests. The Club is not a corporation or business trust under the laws of the State of Florida. The Club is not taxable as an association, corporation or business trust under federal law or the laws of the State of Florida; 

(C) 
			 The Club Trustee is a corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida. As of the Closing Date, the Club Trustee is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of the state of Tennessee. As of each Funding Date, the Club Trustee will be duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and will be in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction it is required by law to be. The Club Trustee is not an affiliate of the Servicer for purposes of Chapter 721, Florida Statutes and is in compliance with the requirements of such Chapter 721 requiring that it be independent of the Servicer; 

(D) 
			 The Club Trustee has all necessary corporate power to execute and deliver, and has all necessary corporate power to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the Club Trust Agreement and the Club Management Agreement. The Club 

9 

Trustee possesses all requisite franchises, operating rights, licenses, permits, consents, authorizations, exemptions and orders as are necessary to discharge its obligations under the Club Trust Agreement; 

(E) 
			 The Club Trustee holds all right, title and interest in and to all of the Timeshare Properties related to the Club Loans solely for the benefit of the Beneficiaries referred to in, and subject in each case to the provisions of, the Club Trust Agreement and the other documents and agreements related thereto. Except with respect to the Mortgages (or a pledge of the Co-op Shares in connection with Aruba Club Loans), the Club Trustee has not permitted any such Timeshare Properties to be made subject to any lien or encumbrance; 

(F) 
			 There are no actions, suits, proceedings, orders or injunctions pending against the Club or the Club Trustee, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Trust Estate or the Club Trustee s ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 

(G) 
			 Neither the Club nor the Club Trustee has incurred any indebtedness for borrowed money (directly, by guarantee, or otherwise); 

(H) 
			 All ad valorem taxes and other taxes and assessments against the Club and/or its trust estate have been paid when due and neither the Depositor nor the Club Trustee knows of any basis for any additional taxes or assessments against any such property. The Club has filed all required tax returns and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, including all taxes in respect of sales of Owner Beneficiary Rights (as defined in the Club Trust Agreement) and Vacation Points, if any; 

(I) 
			 The Club and the Club Trustee are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, statutes, rules and governmental regulations applicable to it and in compliance with each material instrument, agreement or document to which it is a party or by which it is bound, including, without limitation, the Club Trust Agreement; 

(J) 
			 Except as expressly permitted in the Club Trust Agreement, the Club has maintained the One-to-One Beneficiary to Accommodation Ratio (as such terms are defined in the Club Trust Agreement); 

(K) 
			 Bluegreen Vacation Club, Inc. is a not-for-profit corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida; 

(L) 
			 Upon purchase of the Club Loans and related Trust Estate hereunder, the Issuer is an Interest Holder Beneficiary under the Club Trust Agreement and each of the Club Loans constitutes Lien Debt , Purchase Money 

10 

Lien Debt and Owner Beneficiary Obligations under the Club Trust Agreement; and 

(M) 
			 Except as disclosed to the Indenture Trustee in writing or noted in the Custodian s Certification, each Mortgage associated with a Deeded Club Loan and granted by the Club Trustee or the Obligor on the related Deeded Club Loan, as applicable, has been duly executed, delivered and recorded by or pursuant to the instructions of the Club Trustee under the Club Trust Agreement and such Mortgage is valid and binding and effective to create the lien and security interests in favor of the Indenture Trustee (upon assignment thereof to the Indenture Trustee). Each of such Mortgages was granted in connection with the financing of a sale of a Resort Interest. 

(xvii) 
			 Representations and Warranties Regarding Security Interest and Timeshare Loan Files . 

(A) 
			 In the event of the characterization of the transfers under this Agreement as a loan, the grant under Section 3 hereof creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Assets and the QSTL Assets in favor of the Issuer, which security interest is prior to all other Liens arising under the UCC, and is enforceable as such against creditors of the Depositor, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(B) 
			 The Timeshare Loans and the documents evidencing such Timeshare Loans constitute either accounts , chattel paper , instruments or general intangibles within the meaning of the applicable UCC. 

(C) 
			 The Depositor owns and has good and marketable title to the Assets and the QSTL Assets free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person, except for Permitted Liens. 

(D) 
			 The Depositor has caused or will have caused, within ten days of the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Assets and the QSTL Assets granted to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee. 

(E) 
			 All original executed copies of each Mortgage Note (or an executed Lost Note Affidavit related to such Mortgage Note) that constitute or evidence any Assets or QSTL Assets have been or will be delivered to the Custodian and a Custodian s Certification therefor has been or will be issued in accordance with the terms of the Custodial Agreement, to Bluegreen, the Funding Agents and the Indenture Trustee. 

11 

(F) 
			 Other than as contemplated by this Agreement and the Indenture, the Depositor has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Assets or the QSTL Assets. The Depositor has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Depositor that include a description of collateral covering any Assets or QSTL Assets other than any financing statement relating to the security interest granted to the Issuer hereunder, under the Indenture or that has been terminated. 

(G) 
			 All financing statements filed or to be filed against the Depositor in favor of the Issuer in connection herewith describing the Assets and the QSTL Assets contain a statement to the following effect: A purchase of or security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Secured Party. 

(H) 
			 None of the Mortgage Notes that constitute or evidence any Assets or QSTL Assets has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee. 

(n) 
			 The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee that it has entered into the Purchase Agreement, that the Club Originator has made the representations and warranties in the Purchase Agreement, as set forth therein, that such representations and warranties run to and are for the benefit of the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, and that pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the Depositor has transferred and assigned to the Issuer all rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 

(o) 
			 The Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contemplated thereby, are the only agreements pursuant to which the Depositor acquires ownership of the Timeshare Loans. To the Knowledge of the Depositor, the representations and warranties of the Club Originator under the Purchase Agreement are true and correct. 

(p) 
			 In consideration of Sections 5(b) and (c) hereof, the Depositor hereby makes the representations and warranties relating to the Timeshare Loans contained in Schedule I hereto for the benefit of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders as of each Funding Date (only with respect to each Timeshare Loan or Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan transferred on such Funding Date or Transfer Date), as applicable. 

(q) 
			 It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 5 shall survive the sale of each Timeshare Loan sold hereunder to the Issuer and any assignment of such Timeshare Loan by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and shall continue so long as any such Timeshare Loans shall remain outstanding or until such time as such Timeshare Loans are repurchased, purchased or a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan is provided pursuant to Section 6 hereof. The Depositor acknowledges that it has been advised that the Issuer intends to assign all of its right, title and interest in and to each Timeshare Loan sold hereunder and its rights and remedies under this Agreement to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. The Depositor agrees that, upon any such assignment, the 

12 

Indenture Trustee may enforce directly, without joinder of the Issuer (but subject to any defense that the Depositor may have under this Agreement) all rights and remedies hereunder. 

(r) 
			 With respect to any representations and warranties contained in Section 5 hereof which are made to the Depositor s Knowledge, if it is discovered that any representation and warranty is inaccurate and such inaccuracy materially and adversely affects the value of a Timeshare Loan or the interests of the Issuer or any subsequent assignee thereof, then notwithstanding such lack of Knowledge of the accuracy of such representation and warranty at the time such representation or warranty was made (without regard to any Knowledge qualifiers), such inaccuracy shall be deemed a breach of such representation or warranty for purposes of the repurchase or substitution obligations described in Sections 6(a)(i) or (ii) hereof. 

SECTION 2. 
			 Repurchases and Substitutions . 

(a) 
			 Mandatory Repurchases and Substitutions for Breaches of Representations and Warranties . Upon the receipt of notice by the Depositor of a breach of any of the representations and warranties in Section 5 hereof (on the date on which such representation or warranty was made) which materially and adversely affects the value of a Timeshare Loan or the interests of the Issuer or any subsequent assignee of the Issuer (including the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders) therein, the Depositor shall, within 30 days (or, if the Depositor shall have provided satisfactory evidence to the Funding Agents (at their sole discretion) that (1) such breach cannot be cured within the 30 day period, (2) such breach can be cured within an additional 30 day period and (3) it is diligently pursuing a cure, then 60 days) of receipt of such notice, cure in all material respects the circumstance or condition which has caused such representation or warranty to be incorrect or either (i) repurchase the Issuer s interest in such Defective Timeshare Loan from the Issuer at the Repurchase Price or (ii) provide one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans and pay the related Substitution Shortfall Amounts, if any. The Depositor acknowledges that the Issuer shall pledge such Timeshare Loans and rights to the Indenture Trustee. The Depositor further acknowledges that the Indenture Trustee will be appointed attorney-in-fact under the Indenture and may enforce the Depositor's repurchase or substitution obligations if the Depositor has not complied with its repurchase or substitution obligations under this Agreement within the aforementioned 30-day or 60-day period. 

(b) 
			 Optional Purchases or Substitutions of Club Loans . The Issuer hereby acknowledges that pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Depositor has irrevocably granted to the Club Originator any option to repurchase or substitute Original Club Loans it has thereunder and as described in the following sentence. The Issuer acknowledges that with respect to any Original Club Loans for which the related Obligor has elected to effect and the Club Originator has agreed to effect an Upgrade, the Club Originator will (at its option) either (i) pay the Repurchase Price for such Original Club Loan or (ii) substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for such Original Club Loan and pay the related Substitution Shortfall Amounts, if any; provided , however , that the Club Originator s option to substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for an Original Club Loan is limited on any date to (x) 20 of the then Aggregate Initial Loan Balance less (y) the Loan Balances of all Original Club Loans previously substituted by the Club Originator pursuant to this Section 6(b) on the related substitution dates pursuant to this Agreement and/or the Purchase Agreement. In addition, the 

13 

Issuer acknowledges that the Club Originator shall use its best efforts to exercise its substitution option with respect to Original Club Loans prior to exercise of its repurchase option. To the extent that the Club Originator shall elect to substitute Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for an Original Club Loan, the Club Originator shall use its best efforts to cause each such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan to be, in the following order of priority, (i) the Upgrade Club Loan related to such Original Club Loan and (ii) an Upgrade Club Loan unrelated to such Original Club Loan. 

(c) 
			 Optional Purchases or Substitutions of Defaulted Timeshare Loans . The Issuer acknowledges that pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Depositor has irrevocably granted the Club Originator an option to repurchase or substitute Defaulted Timeshare Loans it has thereunder and as described in the following sentence. With respect to Defaulted Timeshare Loans on any date, the Club Originator will have the option, but not the obligation, to either (i) purchase such Defaulted Timeshare Loan at the Repurchase Price of such Defaulted Timeshare Loan or (ii) substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for such Defaulted Timeshare Loan and pay the related Substitution Shortfall Amount, if any; provided , however , that the Club Originator s option to purchase a Defaulted Timeshare Loan or to substitute one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for a Defaulted Timeshare Loan is limited on any date to the Optional Purchase Limit and the Optional Substitution Limit, respectively. The Club Originator may irrevocably waive its option to purchase or substitute a related Defaulted Timeshare Loan by delivering or causing to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee a Waiver Letter in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

(d) 
			 Payment of Repurchase Prices and Substitution Shortfall Amounts . The Issuer hereby directs and the Depositor hereby agrees to remit or cause to be remitted all amounts in respect of Repurchase Prices and Substitution Shortfall Amounts payable during the related Due Period in immediately available funds to the Indenture Trustee to be deposited in the Collection Account on the related Funding Date in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. In the event that more than one Timeshare Loan is replaced pursuant to Sections 6(a), (b) or (c) hereof on any Funding Date, the Substitution Shortfall Amounts and the Loan Balances of Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans shall be calculated on an aggregate basis for all substitutions made on such Funding Date. 

(e) 
			 Schedule of Timeshare Loans . The Issuer hereby directs and the Depositor hereby agrees, on each date on which a Timeshare Loan has been repurchased, purchased or substituted, to provide or cause to be provided to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee with an electronic supplement to the Schedule of Timeshare Loans reflecting the removal and/or substitution of Timeshare Loans and subjecting any Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans to the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) 
			 Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans . Pursuant to Section 6(g) hereof, on the related Transfer Date, the Issuer hereby directs and the Depositor hereby agrees to deliver or to cause the delivery of the Timeshare Loan Files relating to the Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans to the Indenture Trustee or to the Custodian, at the direction of the Indenture Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and the Custodial Agreement. As of such related Transfer Date, the Depositor does hereby transfer, assign, sell and grant to the Issuer, without 

14 

recourse (except as provided in Section 6 and Section 8 hereof), any and all of the Depositor s right, title and interest in and to (i) each Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan conveyed to the Issuer on such Transfer Date, (ii) the Receivables in respect of the Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans due after the related Cut-Off Date, (iii) the related Timeshare Loan Documents (excluding any rights as developer or declarant under the Timeshare Declaration, the Timeshare Program Consumer Documents or the Timeshare Program Governing Documents), (iv) all Related Security in respect of such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan, (v) the Depositor s rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement with respect to such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan and (vi) all income, payments, proceeds and other benefits and rights related to any of the foregoing (the property in clauses (i) - (vi) being the QSTL Assets ). Upon such sale, the ownership of each Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan and all collections allocable to principal and interest thereon after the related Cut-Off Date and all other property interests or rights conveyed pursuant to and referenced in this Section 6(f) shall immediately vest in the Issuer, its successors and assigns. The Depositor shall not take any action inconsistent with such ownership nor claim any ownership interest in any Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan for any purpose whatsoever other than federal and state income tax reporting. The Depositor agrees that such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans shall be subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall thereafter be deemed a Timeshare Loan for the purposes of this Agreement. 

(g) 
			 Officer s Certificate for Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans . The Depositor shall, on each related Transfer Date, certify or cause to be certified in writing to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee that each new Timeshare Loan meets all the criteria of the definition of Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan and that (i) the Timeshare Loan Files for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans have been delivered to the Custodian or shall be delivered within five Business Days of the applicable Transfer Date, and (ii) the Timeshare Loan Servicing Files for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans have been delivered to the Servicer. 

(h) 
			 Release . In connection with any repurchase, purchase or substitution of one or more Timeshare Loans contemplated by this Section 6, upon satisfaction of the conditions contained in this Section 6, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver or shall cause the execution and delivery of such releases and instruments of transfer or assignment presented to it by the Depositor, in each case without recourse, as shall be necessary to vest in the Depositor or its designee the legal and beneficial ownership of such Timeshare Loans; provided , howeve r, that with respect to any release of a Timeshare Loan that is substituted by one or more Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall not execute and deliver or cause the execution and delivery of such releases and instruments of transfer or assignment until the Funding Agents and the Servicer receive a Custodian s Certification for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan. The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall cause the Custodian to release the related Timeshare Loan Files to the Depositor or its designee and the Servicer to release the related Timeshare Loan Servicing Files to the Depositor or its designee; provided , however , that with respect to any Timeshare Loan File or Timeshare Loan Servicing File related to a Timeshare Loan that has been substituted by a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall not cause the Custodian and the Servicer to release the related Timeshare Loan File and the Timeshare Loan Servicing File, respectively, until the Funding Agents, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer receive a Custodian s Certification for such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan. 

15 

(i) 
			 Sole Remedy . It is understood and agreed that the obligations of the Depositor contained in Section 6(a) hereof to cure a breach, or to repurchase or substitute Defective Timeshare Loans and the obligation of the Depositor to indemnify pursuant to Section 8 hereof, shall constitute the sole remedies available to the Issuer or its subsequent assignees for the breaches of any representation or warranty contained in Section 5 hereof and such remedies are not intended to and do not constitute credit recourse to the Depositor. 

SECTION 3. 
			 Additional Covenants of the Depositor . The Depositor hereby covenants and agrees with the Issuer as follows: 

(a) 
			 It shall comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to it and its business and properties except where the failure to comply will not have a material adverse effect on its business or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of the Timeshare Loans. 

(b) 
			 It shall preserve and maintain its existence (corporate or otherwise), rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization and except where the failure to so preserve and maintain will not have a material adverse effect on its business or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or under the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder or the validity or enforceability of the Timeshare Loans. 

(c) 
			 On each Funding Date, it shall indicate in its and its Affiliates computer files and other records that each Timeshare Loan has been sold to the Issuer. 

(d) 
			 It shall respond to any inquiries with respect to ownership of a Timeshare Loan by stating that such Timeshare Loan has been sold to the Issuer and that the Issuer is the owner of such Timeshare Loan. 

(e) 
			 On or prior to the Closing Date, it shall file or cause to be filed, at its own expense, financing statements in favor of the Issuer, and, if applicable, the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, with respect to the Timeshare Loans, in the form and manner reasonably requested by the Issuer or its assigns. The Depositor shall deliver file-stamped copies of such financing statements to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. 

(f) 
			 It agrees from time to time, at its expense, to promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further actions, that may be necessary, or that the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the sale of the Timeshare Loans to the Issuer, or to enable the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder or under any Timeshare Loan including, but not limited to, powers of attorney, UCC financing statements and assignments of mortgage. It hereby appoints the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee as attorneys-in-fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest and is therefore irrevocable, to act on behalf and in the name of the Depositor under this Section 7(f). 

16 

(g) 
			 Any change in the legal name of the Depositor and any use by it of any tradename, fictitious name, assumed name or doing business as name occurring after the Closing Date shall be promptly (but no later than ten Business Days) disclosed to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in writing. 

(h) 
			 Upon the discovery or receipt of notice by a Responsible Officer of the Depositor of a breach of any of its representations or warranties and covenants contained herein, the Depositor shall promptly disclose to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, in reasonable detail, the nature of such breach. 

(i) 
			 In the event that the Depositor shall receive any payments in respect of a Timeshare Loan after the Closing Date or Funding Date, as applicable, the Depositor shall, within two Business Days of receipt, transfer or cause to be transferred, such payments to the Lockbox Account. 

(j) 
			 The Depositor will keep its principal place of business and chief executive office and the office where it keeps its records concerning the Timeshare Loans at the address of the Depositor listed herein and shall notify the parties hereto of any change to the same at least 30 days prior thereto. 

(k) 
			 In the event that the Depositor or the Issuer or any assignee of the Issuer receives actual notice of any transfer taxes arising out of the transfer, assignment and conveyance of a Timeshare Loan to the Issuer, on written demand by the Issuer, or upon the Depositor otherwise being given notice thereof, the Depositor shall pay, and otherwise indemnify and hold the Issuer, or any subsequent assignee, harmless, on an after-tax basis, from and against any and all such transfer taxes. 

(l) 
			 The Depositor authorizes the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee to file continuation statements, and amendments thereto, relating to the Timeshare Loans and all payments made with regard to the related Timeshare Loans without the signature of the Depositor where permitted by law. A photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement shall be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law. The Issuer confirms that it is not its present intention to file a photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement as a financing statement, but reserves the right to do so if, in its good faith determination, there is at such time no reasonable alternative remaining to it. 

SECTION 4. 
			 Indemnification . 

(a) 
			 The Depositor agrees to indemnify the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders, the Purchasers and the Funding Agents (collectively, the Indemnified Parties against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, (including legal fees and related costs reasonably incurred) that the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders or the Funding Agents may sustain directly related to any breach of the representations and warranties of the Depositor under Section 5 hereof, including but not limited to the costs of defending any claim or bringing any claim to enforce the indemnification or other obligations of the Depositor (the Indemnified Amounts excluding , however (i) Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Indemnified Party; (ii) any recourse for any uncollectible 

17 

Timeshare Loan not related to a breach of representation or warranty; (iii) recourse to the Depositor for a Defective Timeshare Loan so long as the same is cured, substituted or repurchased pursuant to Section 6 hereof, (iv) income, franchise or similar taxes by such Indemnified Party arising out of or as a result of this Agreement or the transfer of the Timeshare Loans; (v) Indemnified Amounts attributable to any violation by an Indemnified Party of any Requirement of Law related to an Indemnified Party; or (vi) the operation or administration of the Indemnified Party generally and not related to the enforcement of this Agreement. The Depositor shall (A) promptly notify the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee if a claim is made by a third party with respect to this Agreement or the Timeshare Loans, and relating to (i) the failure by the Depositor to perform its duties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or (ii) a breach of the Depositor s representations, covenants and warranties contained in this Agreement, (B) assume (with the consent of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders or the Funding Agents, as applicable, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) the defense of any such claim and (C) pay all expenses in connection therewith, including legal counsel fees reasonably incurred and promptly pay, discharge and satisfy any judgment, order or decree which may be entered against it or the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders or the Funding Agents in respect of such claim. If the Depositor shall have made any indemnity payment pursuant to this Section 8 and the recipient thereafter collects from another Person any amount relating to the matters covered by the foregoing indemnity, the recipient shall promptly repay such amount to the Depositor. 

(b) 
			 The obligations of the Depositor under this Section 8 to indemnify the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders and the Funding Agents shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation or removal of the parties hereto and continue until the Notes are paid in full or otherwise released or discharged. 

SECTION 5. 
			 No Proceedings . The Depositor hereby agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, institute, or cause to be instituted, or join any Person in instituting, against the Issuer or any Association, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law so long as there shall not have elapsed one year plus one day since the latest maturing Notes issued by the Issuer. 

SECTION 6. 
			 Notices, Etc . All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing and mailed or telecommunicated, or delivered as to each party hereto, at its address set forth below or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall not be effective until received by the party to whom such notice or communication is addressed. 

18 

Issuer 

BXG Timeshare Trust I c/o Wilmington Trust Company Rodney Square North 

1100 North Market Street 

Wilmington, Delaware 19890 Attention: Corporate Trust Administration Facsimile: (302) 651-8882 

Depositor 

Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I 4950 Communication Avenue, Suite 900 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 Attention: Paul Humphrey, President Facsimile: (561) 443-8743 
		 No Waiver; Remedies 
		 
			 . No failure on the part of the Depositor, the Issuer or any assignee thereof to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 
		 Binding Effect; Assignability 
		 
			 . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Depositor, the Issuer and their respective successors and assigns. Any assignee of the Issuer shall be an express third party beneficiary of this Agreement, entitled to directly enforce this Agreement. The Depositor may not assign any of its rights and obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Issuer and any assignee thereof. The Issuer may, and intends to, assign all of its rights hereunder to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Depositor consents to any such assignment. This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and shall remain in full force and effect until its termination; provided , however , that the rights and remedies with respect to any breach of any representation and warranty made by the Depositor pursuant to Section 5 hereof and the repurchase or substitution and indemnification obligations shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement but such rights and remedies may be enforced only by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. 
		 Amendments; Consents and Waivers 
		 
			 . No modification, amendment or waiver of, or with respect to, any provision of this Agreement, and all other agreements, instruments and documents delivered thereto, nor consent to any departure by the Depositor from any of the terms or conditions thereof shall be effective unless it shall be in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto, the written consent of the Required Noteholder s is given and, to the extent the Notes are rated, confirmation from the Rating Agency that such action will not result in a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of any rating assigned to the Notes is received , provided , 

19 

however , that any modification, amendment or waiver of, or with respect to Schedule I hereto shall not be effective unless the written consent of each Funding Agent is obtained . The Issuer shall provide the Funding Agents and, to the extent the Notes are rated, the Rating Agency with such proposed modifications, amendments or waivers. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No consent to or demand by the Depositor in any case shall, in itself, entitle it to any other consent or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. The Depositor acknowledges that in connection with the intended assignment by the Issuer of all of its right, title and interest in and to each Timeshare Loan to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, the Issuer intends to issue the Notes, the proceeds of which will be used by the Issuer to purchase the Timeshare Loans hereunder. 
		 Severability 
		 
			 . In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Governmental Authority determines that the Issuer may not purchase or acquire the Timeshare Loans, the transactions evidenced hereby shall constitute a loan and not a purchase and sale, notwithstanding the otherwise applicable intent of the parties hereto, and the Depositor shall be deemed to have granted to the Issuer as of the date hereof, a first priority perfected security interest in all of the Depositor s right, title and interest in, to and under such Timeshare Loans and the related property as described in Section 2 hereof. 
		 GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 
		 
			 . 

(A) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(B) THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN NEW YORK CITY AND EACH PARTY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND CONSENTS THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL DIRECTED TO ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 HEREOF AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE COMPLETED FIVE DAYS AFTER THE SAME SHALL HAVE BEEN DEPOSITED IN THE U.S. MAILS, POSTAGE PREPAID. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVES ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS , AND ANY OBJECTION TO VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED HEREUNDER AND CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY THE COURT. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 15 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE parties to this agreement TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER 

20 

PERMITTED BY LAW OR AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY OF THEM TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
		 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 
		 
			 . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR INSTRUMENT RELATED HERETO AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 
		 Heading 
		 
			 . The headings herein are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof. 
		 Execution in Counterparts 
		 
			 . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof and deemed an original. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor 

By:_______________________________________ Name: Title: 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer 

By: Wilmington Trust Company, 

_______________________________________________________________________ as Owner Trustee 

By:_______________________________________ Name: Title: 

Agreed and acknowledged as to the last paragraph of Section 3 herein only: 

BLUEGREEN VACATION CLUB TRUST 

By: Vacation Trust, Inc., Individually and as Club Trustee 

By:_______________________________________ Name: Title: 

[Signature Page to the Third Amended and Restated Sale Agreement] 

Annex A 

Eighth Amended and Restated Standard Definitions 

Schedule I 

Representations and Warranties of the Depositor Regarding the Timeshare Loans 

With respect to each Timeshare Loan, as of the related Funding Date (or if so specified, as of the related Cut-Off Date): 

(a) 

payments due under such Timeshare Loan are fully-amortizing and payable in level monthly installments; 

(b) 

the payment obligations under such Timeshare Loan bear a fixed rate of interest; 

(c) 

other than NELO Loans, the Obligor thereunder has made total payments (comprised of a down payment and/or principal payments) by cash, check, credit card or otherwise of at least 10 of the actual purchase price (including closing costs) of the related Timeshare Property (which down payment may, (i) in the case of Upgrade Club Loans or conversion in connection with an Introductory Loan, be represented in whole or in part by the principal payments and down payment made on, as applicable, such related Original Club Loan or the related Introductory Loan since its date of origination, or (ii) in the case of an Upgrade or a conversion in connection with an Introductory Product, be represented in whole or in part by the amount paid where the Obligor has paid in full, whether at the point of sale or otherwise, for the original Timeshare Property or Introductory Product, as applicable) and no part of such payment has been made or loaned to the Obligor by Depositor, the Seller or an Affiliate thereof; 

(d) 

as of the related Cut-Off Date, such Timeshare Loan is not a Defaulted Timeshare Loan and no principal or interest due with respect to the Timeshare Loan is 31 days or more delinquent; 

(e) 

the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan is not an Affiliate of Bluegreen or any Subsidiary; provided, that solely for the purposes of this representation, a relative of an employee and employees of Bluegreen or any Subsidiary (or any of its Affiliates) shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate (unless such person is an affiliate (as defined under GAAP) of Bluegreen); 

(f) 

immediately prior to the conveyance of such Timeshare Loan to the Issuer, the Depositor will own full legal and equitable title to such Timeshare Loan, and the Timeshare Loan (and the related Timeshare Property) is free and clear of adverse claims, liens and encumbrances and is not subject to claims of rescission, invalidity, unenforceability, illegality, defense, offset, abatement, diminution, recoupment, counterclaim or participation or ownership interest in favor of any other Persons, other than Permitted Liens; 

(g) 

such Timeshare Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan) is secured directly by a first priority Mortgage on the related purchased Timeshare Property; 

I- 1 

(h) 

with respect to each Deeded Club Loan, the Timeshare Property mortgaged by or at the direction of the related Obligor constitutes a fractional fee simple timeshare interest in real property at the related Resort or an undivided interest in a Resort (or a phase thereof) associated with a Unit that entitles the holder of the interest to the use of a specific property for a specified number of days each year or every other year, subject to the rules of the Bluegreen Vacation Club; the related Mortgage has been delivered for filing and recordation with all appropriate governmental authorities in all jurisdictions in which such Mortgage is required to be filed and recorded to create a valid, binding and enforceable first Lien on the related Timeshare Property and such Mortgage creates a valid, binding and enforceable first Lien on the related Timeshare Property, subject only to Permitted Liens; and the Depositor is in compliance with any Permitted Lien respecting the right to the use of such Timeshare Property; the Assignment of Mortgage and each related endorsement of the related Mortgage Note constitutes a duly executed, legal, valid, binding and enforceable assignment or endorsement, as the case may be, of such related Mortgage and related Mortgage Note, and all monies due or to become due thereunder, and all proceeds thereof; 

(i) 

with respect to the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan and the related Timeshare Property purchased by such Obligor, there is only one original Mortgage (or certified true copy of the related Mortgage) and Mortgage Note (or Lost Note Affidavit), in the case of a Deeded Club Loan, and, only one original Owner Beneficiary Agreement (or Lost Note Affidavit), in the case of an Aruba Club Loan; all parties to the related Mortgage and the related Mortgage Note (and, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan, Owner Beneficiary Agreement) had legal capacity to enter into such Timeshare Loan Documents and to execute and deliver such related Timeshare Loan Documents, and such related Timeshare Loan Documents have been duly and properly executed by such parties; any amendments to such related Timeshare Loan Documents required as a result of any mergers involving the Depositor or its predecessors, to maintain the rights of the Depositor or its predecessors thereunder as a mortgagee (or the Depositor, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan) have been completed; 

(j) 

at the time of origination of such Timeshare Loan, the applicable Originator had full power and authority to originate such Timeshare Loan and the Obligor or the Club Trustee had good and indefeasible fee title or good and marketable fee simple title, or, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan, a cooperative interest, as applicable, to the Timeshare Property related to such Timeshare Loan, free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens; 

(k) 

the Mortgage (or, in the case of an Aruba Club Loan, the related Owner Beneficiary Agreement) contains customary and enforceable provisions so as to render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for the realization against the related Timeshare Property of the benefits of the security interests or lender s contractual rights intended to be provided thereby, including (a) if the Mortgage is a deed of trust, by trustee s sale, including power of sale, (b) otherwise by judicial foreclosure or power of sale and/or (c) termination of the contract, retention of 

I- 2 

Obligor deposits and payments towards such Timeshare Loan by the Originator or lender, as the case may be, and expulsion from the Club; in the case of the Deeded Club Loans, there is no exemption available to the related Obligor which would interfere with the mortgagee s right to sell at a trustee s sale or power of sale or right to foreclose such related Mortgage, as applicable; 

(l) 

any Mortgage Note related to such Timeshare Loan is not and has not been secured by any collateral except the Lien of the related Mortgage; 

(m) 

if a Mortgage secures such Timeshare Loan, the title to the related Timeshare Property is insured (or a binding commitment, which may be a master commitment referencing one or more Mortgages, for title insurance, not subject to any conditions other than standard conditions applicable to all binding commitments, has been issued) under a mortgagee title insurance policy (which may consist of one master policy referencing one or more such Mortgages) issued by a title insurer qualified to do business in the jurisdiction where the related Timeshare Property is located in a form generally acceptable to prudent originators of similar mortgage loans, insuring the Depositor or its predecessor and its successors and assigns, as to the first priority mortgage Lien of the related Mortgage in an amount equal to the original outstanding Loan Balance of such Timeshare Loan, and otherwise in form and substance acceptable to the Indenture Trustee; the Club Originator or its assignees is a named insured of such mortgagee s title insurance policy; such mortgagee s title insurance policy is in full force and effect; no claims have been made under such mortgagee s title insurance policy and no prior holder of such Timeshare Loan has done or omitted to do anything which would impair the coverage of such mortgagee s title insurance policy; no premiums for such mortgagee s title insurance policy, endorsements and all special endorsements are past due; 

(n) 

the Depositor has not taken (or omitted to take), and has no notice that the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan has taken (or omitted to take), any action that would impair or invalidate the coverage provided by any hazard, title or other insurance policy on the related Timeshare Property; 

(o) 

all applicable intangible taxes and documentary stamp taxes have been paid on such Timeshare Loan; 

(p) 

the proceeds of such Timeshare Loan have been fully disbursed, there is no obligation to make future advances or to lend additional funds under the applicable Originator s commitment or the documents and instruments evidencing or securing such Timeshare Loan and no such advances or loans have been made since the origination of such Timeshare Loan; 

(q) 

the terms of each Timeshare Loan Document related to such Timeshare Loan have not been impaired, waived, altered or modified in any respect, except (x) by written instruments which are part of the related Timeshare Loan Documents or (y) in accordance with the Credit Policy in effect at the time of origination, the Collection 

I- 3 

Policy or the Servicing Standard (provided that no Timeshare Loan has been impaired, waived, altered, or modified in any respect more than once). No other instrument has been executed or agreed to which would affect any such impairment, waiver, alteration or modification; the Obligor has not been released from liability on or with respect to such Timeshare Loan, in whole or in part; if required by law or prudent originators of similar loans in the jurisdiction where the related Timeshare Property is located, all waivers, alterations and modifications have been filed and/or recorded in all places necessary to perfect, maintain and continue a valid first priority Lien of the related Mortgage, subject only to Permitted Liens; 

(r) 

other than if it is an Aruba Club Loan, such Timeshare Loan is principally and directly secured by an interest in real property; 

(s) 

such Timeshare Loan was originated by one of the Depositor s Affiliates in the normal course of its business; was originated and underwritten in accordance with the Depositor s Affiliates underwriting guidelines and the Credit Policy in effect at the time of origination; and to the Depositor's Knowledge the origination, servicing and collection practices used by the Depositor s Affiliates with respect to such Timeshare Loan have been in all respects, legal, proper, prudent and customary; 

(t) 

such Timeshare Loan is assignable to and by the obligee and its successors and assigns and the related Timeshare Property is assignable upon liquidation of such Timeshare Loan, without the consent of any other Person (including any Association, condominium association, homeowners or timeshare association); 

(u) 

the Mortgage related to such Timeshare Loan is and will be prior to any Lien on, or other interests relating to, the related Timeshare Property subject to Permitted Liens; 

(v) 

to the Depositor s Knowledge, there are no delinquent or unpaid taxes, ground rents (if any), water charges, sewer rents or assessments outstanding with respect to any of the Timeshare Properties, nor any other outstanding Liens or charges affecting the Timeshare Properties related to such Timeshare Loan that would affect the Lien of the related Mortgage or otherwise materially affect the interests of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders in such Timeshare Loan; 

(w) 

other than with respect to delinquent payments of principal or interest 30 (thirty) or fewer days past due as of the Cut-Off Date, there is no default, breach, violation or event of acceleration existing under the Mortgage, the related Mortgage Note or any other document or instrument evidencing, guaranteeing, insuring or otherwise securing such Timeshare Loan, and no event which, with the lapse of time or with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a material default, breach, violation or event of acceleration thereunder; and the Depositor has not waived any such material default, breach, violation or event of acceleration under the Owner Beneficiary Agreement, Mortgage, the Mortgage Note or any such other document or instrument, as applicable; 

I- 4 

(x) 

neither the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan nor any other Person has the right, by statute, contract or otherwise, to seek the partition of the Timeshare Property; 

(y) 

as of the related Cut-Off Date, such Timeshare Loan has not been satisfied, canceled, rescinded or subordinated, in whole or in part; no portion of the related Timeshare Property has been released from the Lien of the related Mortgage, in whole or in part; no instrument has been executed that would effect any such satisfaction, cancellation, rescission, subordination or release; the terms of the related Mortgage do not provide for a release of any portion of the related Timeshare Property from the Lien of the related Mortgage except upon the payment of such Timeshare Loan in full; 

(z) 

the Depositor and any of its Affiliates and, to the Depositor s Knowledge, each other party which has had an interest in such Timeshare Loan is (or, during the period in which such party held and disposed of such interest, was) in compliance with any and all applicable filing, licensing and doing business requirements of the laws of the state wherein the related Timeshare Property is located to the extent necessary to permit the Depositor to maintain or defend actions or proceedings with respect to such Timeshare Loan in all appropriate forums in such state without any further act on the part of any such party; 

(aa) 

there is no current obligation on the part of any other person (including any buy down arrangement) to make payments on behalf of the Obligor in respect of such Timeshare Loan; 

(bb) 

the Associations related to such Timeshare Loan were duly organized and are validly existing; a manager (the Manager manages such Resort and performs services for the Associations, pursuant to an agreement between the Manager and the respective Associations, such contract being in full force and effect; to the Depositor s Knowledge the Manager and the Associations have performed in all material respects all obligations under such agreement and are not in default under such agreement; 

(cc) 

in the case of the Opinion Resorts (other than La Cabana Resort) and to the Depositor s Knowledge with respect to the Non-Opinion Resorts and La Cabana Resort, (i) the Resort related to such Timeshare Loan is insured in the event of fire, earthquake, or other casualty for the full replacement value thereof; and in the event that the related Timeshare Property should suffer any loss covered by casualty or other insurance, upon receipt of any insurance proceeds, the Associations at the Resorts are required, during the time such Resort is covered by such insurance, under the applicable governing instruments either to repair or rebuild the portions of the Resort in which the related Timeshare Property is located or to pay such proceeds as their interests may appear to the holders of any related Mortgage secured by the Timeshare Property located at such Resort; (ii) the related Resort, if located in a designated flood plain, maintains flood insurance in an amount not less than the maximum level available (without regard to reasonable deductibles) under 

I- 5 

the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as amended or any applicable laws; (iii) the related Resort has business interruption insurance and general liability insurance in such amounts generally acceptable in the industry; and (iv) the related Resort s insurance policies are in full force and effect with a generally acceptable insurance carrier; 

(dd) 

the obligee of the related Mortgage related to such Timeshare Loan and its successors and assigns, has the right to receive and direct the application of insurance and condemnation proceeds received in respect of the related Timeshare Property, except where the related condominium declarations, timeshare declarations, the Club Trust Agreement or applicable state law provide that insurance and condemnation proceeds be applied to restoration or replacement of the improvements or acquisition of similar improvements, as the case may be; 

(ee) 

each rescission period applicable to such Timeshare Loan has expired; 

(ff) 

no selection procedures were intentionally utilized by the Depositor in selecting such Timeshare Loan which the Depositor knew were materially adverse to the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders; 

(gg) 

except as set forth on Schedule II hereto, in the case of Opinion Resorts (other than La Cabana Resort) and to the Depositor s Knowledge with respect to the Non-Opinion Resorts and the La Cabana Resort, the Units related to such Timeshare Loan in the related Resort have been completed in all material respects as required by applicable state and local laws, free of all defects that could give rise to any claims by the related Obligors under home warranties or applicable laws or regulations, whether or not such claims would create valid offset rights under the law of the State in which the Resort is located; to the extent required by applicable law, valid certificates of occupancy for such Units have been issued and are currently outstanding; the Depositor or any of its Affiliates have complied in all material respects with all obligations and duties incumbent upon the developers under the related timeshare declaration (each a Declaration ), as applicable, or similar applicable documents for the related Resort; no practice, procedure or policy employed by the related Association in the conduct of its business violates any law, regulation, judgment or agreement, including, without limitation, those relating to zoning, building, use and occupancy, fire, health, sanitation, air pollution, ecological, environmental and toxic wastes, applicable to such Association which, if enforced, would reasonably be expected to (a) have a material adverse impact on such Association or the ability of such Association to do business, (b) have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of such Association, or (c) constitute grounds for the revocation of any license, charter, permit or registration which is material to the conduct of the business of such Association; the related Resort and the present use thereof does not violate any applicable environmental, zoning or building laws, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental authority, or any covenants or restrictions of record, so as to materially adversely affect the value or use of such Resort or the performance by the related Association of its obligations pursuant to and as contemplated by the 

I- 6 

terms and provisions of the related Declaration; there is no condition presently existing, and to the Depositor s Knowledge, no event has occurred or failed to occur prior to the date hereof, concerning the related Resort relating to any hazardous or toxic materials or condition, asbestos or other environmental or similar matters which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the present use of such Resort or the financial condition or business operations of the related Association, or the value of the Notes; 

(hh) 

[RESERVED]; 

(ii) 

payments with respect to such Timeshare Loan are to be in legal tender of the United States; 

(jj) 

all monthly payments (as applicable) made with respect to such Timeshare Loan have been made by the Obligor and not by the Depositor or any Affiliate of the Depositor on the Obligor s behalf; 

(kk) 

such Timeshare Loan relates to an Approved Resort; 

(ll) 

such Timeshare Loan constitutes either chattel paper , a general intangible or an instrument as defined in the UCC as in effect in all applicable jurisdictions; 

(mm) 

the sale, transfer and assignment of such Timeshare Loan and the Related Security does not contravene or conflict with any law, rule or regulation or any contractual or other restriction, limitation or encumbrance, and the sale, transfer and assignment of such Timeshare Loan and Related Security does not require the consent of the Obligor; 

(nn) 

such Timeshare Loan, the Related Security, related Assignment of Mortgage, related Mortgage, related Mortgage Note, related Owner Beneficiary Agreement (each as applicable) and each other related Timeshare Loan Document are in full force and effect, constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Obligor thereof enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms subject to the effect of bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, insolvency, reorganization, assignment, liquidation, conservatorship or moratorium, and is not subject to any dispute, offset, counterclaim or defense whatsoever; 

(oo) 

such Timeshare Loan relates to a Completed Unit; such Timeshare Loan and the Related Security do not, and the origination of each Timeshare Loan did not, contravene in any material respect any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto (including, without limitation, laws, rules and regulations relating to usury, retail installment sales, truth in lending, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) and with respect to which no party thereto has been or is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation in any material respect if such violation would impair the collectibility of such Timeshare Loan and the Related Security; no Timeshare Loan was originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer, conveyance or assignment of such Timeshare Loan would be unlawful, void or voidable; 

I- 7 

(pp) 

to the Depositor s Knowledge, (i) no bankruptcy is currently existing with respect to the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan, (ii) such Obligor is not insolvent and (iii) such Obligor is not an Affiliate of the Depositor; 

(qq) 

[RESERVED]; 

(rr) 

except if such Timeshare Loan is a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan that is an Upgrade Loan replacing its related Original Club Loan, the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan has made at least one required payment with respect to the Timeshare Loan (not including any down payment); 

(ss) 

if a Resort (other than La Cabana Resort) is subject to a construction loan, the construction lender shall have signed and delivered a non-disturbance agreement (which may be contained in such lender s mortgage) pursuant to which such construction lender agrees not to foreclose on any Timeshare Properties relating to such Timeshare Loan or by the terms of the construction loan, the related Timeshare Property has been released from the lien created thereby which have been sold pursuant to this Agreement; 

(tt) 

except as set forth on Schedule II hereto, the Timeshare Properties and the Resorts related to such Timeshare Loan are free of material damage and waste and are in good repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and fully operational, subject to renovations for improvement from time to time; there is no proceeding pending or threatened for the total or partial condemnation of or affecting any Timeshare Property or taking of the Timeshare Property by eminent domain; the Timeshare Properties and the Resorts in which the Timeshare Properties are located are lawfully used and occupied under applicable law by the owner thereof; 

(uu) 

except as set forth on Schedule II hereto, the portions of the Resorts in which the Timeshare Properties are located which represent the common facilities are free of material damage and waste and are in good repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, subject to renovations for improvement from time to time; 

(vv) 

no foreclosure or similar proceedings have been instituted and are continuing with respect to such Timeshare Loan or the related Timeshare Property; 

(ww) 

if such Timeshare Loan is an Aruba Club Loan, Bluegreen shall own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the economic and voting interests of the Aruba Originator; 

(xx) 

such Timeshare Loan does not have an original term to maturity in excess of 120 months; 

(yy) 

to the Depositor s Knowledge, the capital reserves and maintenance fee levels of the Associations of the Resorts related to such Timeshare Loan are adequate in light of the operating requirements of such Associations; 

(zz) 

except as required by law, such Timeshare Loan may not be assumed without the consent of the obligee; 

I- 8 

(aaa) 

for each Club Loan, the Obligor under such Timeshare Loan does not have its rights under the Club Trust Agreement suspended; 

(bbb) 

the payments under such Timeshare Loan are not subject to withholding taxes imposed by any foreign governments; 

(ccc) 

each entry with respect to such Timeshare Loan as set forth on the Schedule of Timeshare Loans is true and correct. If such Timeshare Loan is a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan, each entry with respect to a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan as set forth on the Schedule of Timeshare Loans, as revised, is true and correct; 

(ddd) 

if such Timeshare Loan relates to a Timeshare Property located in Aruba, a notice has been mailed or will be mailed within 30 days of the related Funding Date, as applicable, to the related Obligor indicating that such Timeshare Loan has ultimately been transferred to the Depositor and will ultimately be transferred to the Issuer and pledged to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders; 

(eee) 

no broker is, or will be, entitled to any commission or compensation in connection with the transfer of such Timeshare Loans hereunder; 

(fff) 

if the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan is paying its scheduled payments by pre-authorized debit or charge, such Obligor has executed an ACH Form; 

(ggg) 

such Timeshare Loan is not a Conversion Loan or an Introductory Loan; 

(hhh) 

[RESERVED]; 

(iii) 

if such Timeshare Loan relates to a Timeshare Property located in the State of Michigan and was originated prior to Bluegreen obtaining a license under the Michigan Mortgage Brokers, Lenders and Servicers Licensing Act, Bluegreen shall have confirmed that the interest rate on such Timeshare Loan is enforceable in the manner specified as effective in an opinion by Michigan local counsel; 

(jjj) 

with respect to any date of determination, all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate shall satisfy the following criteria : 

(1) 

the weighted average FICO Scores of the Obligors (who have FICO Scores) of all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate is equal to or greater than 705 ; 

(2) 

the weighted average Timeshare Loan Rates (weighted on the basis of Loan Balance) of all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate is equal to or greater than 12.50 ; and 

(3) 

the weighted average FICO Scores of the Obligors (who have FICO Scores) of all NELO Loans in the Trust Estate is equal to or greater than 710. 

(kkk) 

such Timeshare Loan complies with the Credit Policy in effect at the time of origination; 

I- 9 

(lll) 

the Obligor related to such Timeshare Loan has a FICO Score of 625 or greater, unless the Obligor has no FICO Score ; 

(mmm) 

if the related Obligor is a United States resident and does not have a FICO Score, such Obligor has made total payments (comprised of a down payment and/or principal payments) by cash, check, credit card or otherwise equal to at least 20 of the actual purchase price (including closing costs) of the related Timeshare Property (which down payment may, (i) in the case of Upgrade Club Loans or conversion in connection with an Introductory Loan, be represented in whole or in part by the principal payments and down payment made on, as applicable, the related Original Club Loan or the related Introductory Loan since its date of origination or (ii) in the case of an Upgrade or a conversion in connection with an Introductory Product, be represented in whole or in part by the amount paid where the Obligor has paid in full, whether at the point of sale or otherwise, for the original Timeshare Property or Introductory Product, as applicable) and no part of such payment has been made or loaned to the related Obligor by Bluegreen or an Affiliate thereof; 

(nnn) 

such Timeshare Loan shall not have a Timeshare Loan Rate less than 9.99 , provided, that, such restriction on the related Timeshare Loan Rate shall not apply if such Timeshare Loan is subject to the Servicemember Civil Relief Act; and 

(ooo) 

if such Timeshare Loan is an Aruba Club Loan, such Timeshare Loan does not have a related Mortgage or Mortgage Note. 

I- 10 

Schedule II Exceptions 

With respect to (tt) and (uu), the Casa Del Mar resort sustained roof damage from Hurricane Ian. Reservations have been cancelled through October 31, 2022 while repairs are being made. 

Exhibit A 

Waiver Letter 

Date: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 190 S. LaSalle St., 7th Floor MK-IL-SL7C Chicago, IL 60603 

BXG Timeshare Trust I c/o Wilmington Trust Company, as Owner Trustee Rodney Square North 1100 North Market Street Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001 

Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, 4950 Communication Avenue, Suite 900 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 

Attention: Corporate Trust Services BXG Timeshare Trust I 

In accordance with Section 4.6(c) of that certain Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture (as the same may from time to time be amended or otherwise modified, the Indenture ), dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Issuer (the Issuer ), Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing LLC , as Backup Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee and as Paying Agent (in such capacity, the Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Custodian (in such capacity, the Custodian ), the undersigned hereby irrevocably waives its option to repurchase and/or substitute any Defaulted Timeshare Loan listed on Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has caused its name to be signed hereby by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year written above. 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION 

By:__________________________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit A to Form of ROAP Waiver Letter 

Exhibit B 

Club Trust Agreement 

Exhibit C 

[Reserved] 

Exhibit D 

FORM OF LOST NOTE AFFIDAVIT 

STATE OF ___________ 

COUNTY OF _________ 

______________ Affiant ), on behalf of and as _________________ of Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, a Delaware Corporation (the Depositor ), being duly sworn, deposes and says: 

1. This Lost Note Affidavit is being delivered by the Affiant pursuant to that certain Third Amended and Restated Sale Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced, renewed or otherwise modified from time to time, the Sale Agreement ), dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and between the Depositor and BXG Timeshare Trust I. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Sale Agreement and the Eighth Amended and Restated Standard Definitions thereto. 

2. That ____________________________________________ has issued a [Mortgage Note][Owner Beneficiary Agreement] evidencing a Timeshare Loan dated __________________ in the principal amount of _________________ [(the Original Note )] [(the Original Agreement )] to ______________________]. 

3. The [Original Note][Original Agreement] has been lost, destroyed, or stolen so that it cannot be found or produced, and the Depositor has not endorsed, assigned, sold, pledged, hypothecated, negotiated or otherwise transferred the [Original Note][Original Agreement] or an interest therein. 

4. That the Depositor has made a diligent effort to find the [Original Note][Original Agreement]. 

5. It is understood by the Depositor that if the [Original Note][Original Agreement] is found, that it shall surrender said [Original Note][Original Agreement] to the Custodian or its permitted successors and assigns in exchange for this Lost Note Affidavit. 

___________________________________ 

Printed Name: 

The foregoing affidavit was sworn to and subscribed before me this _____ day of _____________, _______, by ______________, as _______________________ of ____________________________________, who is personally known to me or who has produced ____________________ as identification and who did take an oath. 

___________________________________ 

(AFFIX NOTARIAL SEAL) Notary Public, State of __________ 

(Name) 

Commission Number: _________________ My Commission Expires 

</EX-10.94>

<EX-10.96>
 5
 bvh-20221231xex10_96.htm
 EX-10.96

Exhibit 10.96 Seventh AR Note Funding Agreement

Execution Copy 

S EVEN TH AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE FUNDING AGREEMENT 

Dated as of September 30 , 20 22 

among 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I as Issuer, 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION as Seller and Servicer, 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I as Depositor, 

THE PURCHASERS PART Y HERETO, 

and 

THE FUNDING AGENTS PARTY HERETO 

____________________ 

Relating to BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I 

KEYBANK NATIONAL BANK BANK OF AMERICA , N.A. 

Lead Arranger Co- Lead Arranger 

____________________ 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION I. ........................................................................................... DEFINITIONS 1 

Section 1.1. Definitions ................................................................................................... 1 

Section 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions ............................................................................. 1 

SECTION II. ....... AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 2 

Section 2.1. Purchases ................................................................................................... 2 

Section 2.2. Reductions, Increases and Extensions of Commitments ............................................. 3 

Section 2.3. Fees, Expenses, Payments, Etc ......................................................................... 4 

Section 2.4. Indemnification ............................................................................................. 6 

Section 2.5. Funding Termination Event ............................................................................... 8 

Section 2.6. Notification of SOFR Bank Rate ....................................................................... 8 

SECTION III. ..................................................... CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 8 

Section 3.1. Conditions to Effectiveness ............................................................................... 9 

Section 3.2. Condition to Borrowings ............................................................................... 11 

SECTION IV. ................. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 12 

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties of Bluegreen ..................................................... 12 

Section 4.2. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer ....................................................... 16 

Section 4.3. Representations and Warranties of the Depositor ................................................. 17 

SECTION V. ........................................................................................... COVENANTS 19 

Section 5.1. Covenants ............................................................................................... 19 

SECTION VI. INCREASED COSTS, INCREASED CAPITAL, TAXES, ETC 25 

Section 6.1. Increased Costs ......................................................................................... 25 

Section 6.2. Increased Capital ....................................................................................... 26 

Section 6.3. Taxes ....................................................................................................... 27 

Section 6.4. Nonrecourse Obligations; Limited Recourse ....................................................... 29 

SECTION VII. ............................................................. THE FUNDING AGENTS 29 

Section 7.1. Appointment ............................................................................................. 30 

Section 7.2. Delegation of Duties ................................................................................... 30 

Section 7.3. Exculpatory Provisions ................................................................................. 30 

Section 7.4. Reliance by Funding Agents ........................................................................... 30 

Section 7.5. Notices ..................................................................................................... 31 

Section 7.6. Non-Reliance on Funding Agents and Other Purchasers ......................................... 31 

Section 7.7. Indemnification ......................................................................................... 32 

Section 7.8. Funding Agents in Their Individual Capacities ..................................................... 32 

Section 7.9. Successor Funding Agents ............................................................................. 32 

Section 7.10. Communications ......................................................................................... 33 

Section 7.11. Control by Purchasers ................................................................................. 33 

SECTION VIII. ................................... SECURITIES LAWS; TRANSFERS 33 

- 1 - 

Section 8.1. Transfers of Notes ..................................................................................... 33 

Section 8.2. Register of Purchasers and Participants ............................................................. 37 

SECTION IX. ............................................................................. MISCELLANEOUS 37 

Section 9.1. Amendments and Waivers ............................................................................. 37 

Section 9.2. Notices ..................................................................................................... 38 

Section 9.3. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies ................................................................... 39 

Section 9.4. Successors and Assigns ............................................................................... 39 

Section 9.5. Counterparts ............................................................................................. 39 

Section 9.6. Severability ............................................................................................... 40 

Section 9.7. Integration ............................................................................................... 40 

Section 9.8. Governing Law ......................................................................................... 40 

Section 9.9. Termination ............................................................................................... 40 

Section 9.10. Limited Recourse; No Proceedings ................................................................. 40 

Section 9.11. Survival of Representations and Warranties ......................................................... 41 

Section 9.12. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers ................................................................. 41 

Section 9.13. WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL ....................................................................... 42 

Section 9.14. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee ............................................................. 42 

Section 9.15. Hedging Requirements ................................................................................. 42 

Section 9.16. Recourse Against Conduit Purchaser ......................................................42 

LIST OF EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A Form of Investment Letter EXHIBIT B Form of Joinder Supplement EXHIBIT C Form of Transfer Supplement 

EXHIBIT D Form of Borrowing Notice 

Schedule 4.1(k) Tax Schedule 

- 2 - 

This S EVEN TH AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE FUNDING AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of September 30 , 20 22 , by and among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer ), BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION (f/k/a Bluegreen Corporation) , a Florida corporation Bluegreen ), BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, a Delaware corporation (the Depositor ), the PURCHASERS from time to time parties hereto (collectively, the Purchasers ), the FUNDING AGENTS from time to time parties hereto (each a Funding Agent and collectively , the Funding Agents hereby amends and restates in its entirety that certain Six th Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of May 1, 20 17 , as amended by Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 22, 2017 and as further amended by Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 1 9 , 201 9 , in each case, by and among certain parties hereto and the other parties named therein (the Amended Agreement ). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Amended Agreement as provided herein, and all actions required to do so under the Amended Agreement have been taken; 

WHEREAS, the Issuer, Bluegreen, the Club Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Custodian and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as Indenture Trustee (together with its successors in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee and as Paying Agent (in such capacity, the Paying Agent , are parties to a certain Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 30 , 20 22 (as the same may from time to time be amended or otherwise modified, the Indenture ), pursuant to which the Issuer has issued its Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I (the Notes ); and 

WHEREAS, the Issuer may, from time to time, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and this Agreement, request Borrowings, such Borrowings to be evidenced by the Notes. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby expressly acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION I. 
			 DEFINITIONS 

Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Eigh th Amended and Restated Standard Definitions attached hereto as Annex A . 

Other Definitional Provisions . Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto. 

The words hereof , herein , and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; and Section, subsection and Exhibit references are to this Agreement, 

- 1 - 

unless otherwise specified. The words including and include shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation . 

Section 1.3. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Transaction Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) 

the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 

(b) 

the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) 
			 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) 
			 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; or 

(iii) 
			 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 

SECTION II. 
			 AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 

Purchases . The Notes shall be delivered by the Issuer to and registered in the name of each Funding Agent for its Purchaser Group, as agent and nominee for the members of such Purchaser Group, and in each case shall be for an aggregate principal amount equal to the Commitment of the Bank Purchaser in such Purchaser Group. 

On and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement from the Closing Date and prior to the Facility Termination Date, the Conduit Purchaser in each Purchaser Group may, and if the Conduit Purchaser in a Purchaser Group does not (or if there is no Conduit Purchaser in a Purchaser Group), the Bank Purchaser in the such Purchaser Group shall, advance its Funding Percentage of each Borrowing requested; provided that in no event shall a Bank Purchaser be required on any date to make an advance exceeding its aggregate Available Commitment, (determined prior to giving effect to such advance or the Maximum Borrowing Amount); provided , further that in no event shall Borrowings occur more frequently than twice every calendar month unless otherwise approved by the Funding Agents. 

Such advance shall be made available to the Issuer, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 3.2 hereof, at or prior to 4:00 p.m. New York City time on 

- 2 - 

the applicable Funding Date by deposit of immediately available funds into an account designated by the Issuer to the Funding Agents. 

Each Borrowing on the applicable Funding Date shall be made on prior notice from the Issuer received by the Funding Agents (such notice, a Borrowing Notice not later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the second Business Day preceding such Funding Date. Each Borrowing Notice shall be irrevocable and shall (i) specify the aggregate amount of the Borrowing, which may not exceed the Maximum Borrowing Amount, (ii) specify the applicable Funding Date (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) provide a detailed calculation of the Borrowing Base as of such Funding Date and (iv) certify that no Borrowing Base Deficiency exists before such Borrowing and, after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist and shall be in substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D . Borrowings may occur on any Business Day. Each Borrowing Notice will be accompanied by a current Schedule of Timeshare Loans in an electronic format acceptable to the Funding Agents. Each Funding Agent shall promptly forward a copy of all Borrowing Notices and related Schedules of Timeshare Loans to each Purchaser in its Purchaser Group no later than Noon on the same day received. 

Pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer shall issue the Notes. Each Borrowing shall be evidenced by a corresponding increase in the Outstanding Note Balance of each Note. Each Note will have its Outstanding Note Balance increased on each Funding Date by its allocable share of such Borrowing. 

Payments on the Notes shall be made as provided in the Indenture and each Funding Agent shall allocate to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group each payment in respect of the Notes received by the Funding Agent in its capacity as nominee of the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group. 

Each Funding Agent shall keep, with respect to its Purchaser Group, records of each Borrowing, each Interest Accrual Period applicable thereto, the interest rate(s) applicable to the Notes and each payment of principal and interest thereon. Such records shall be rebuttably presumptive evidence of the subject matter thereof absent manifest error. 

The aggregate minimum advance for a Funding Date shall be 2,000,000; provided , however , that if the Available Commitment shall be less than 2,000,000, the minimum advance shall be equal to the Available Commitment. 

Reductions, Increases and Extensions of Commitments . At any time the Issuer may, acting at the direction of the Residual Interest Owner, upon at least three Business Days prior written notice to the Funding Agents, terminate the Commitments or reduce the aggregate Commitments; provided , however , such aggregate Commitments may not be reduced to an amount less than 20,000,000. Each such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or such other amount requested by the Issuer to which each Funding Agent consent s ). Reductions of the aggregate Commitments pursuant to this subsection 2.2(a) shall be allocated pro rata among the Bank Purchasers in accordance with each Bank Purchaser s Funding Percentage. At any time, any Funding Agent may upon the request of the Residual Interest Owner and the consent of all of the other Funding 

- 3 - 

Agents (which consent may be withheld in their sole discretion), increase the Commitments of the Bank Purchasers. 

On the Facility Termination Date, the Commitment of each Bank Purchaser shall be automatically reduced to zero. 

On the Amendment Closing Date, each Purchaser has executed a Joinder Supplement (as defined below) or a n amended and restated Joinder Supplement and an Investment Letter, making it and its Funding Agent party hereto . Subject to the provisions of subsections 8.1(a) and 8.1(b), any other Person may from time to time with the consent of each Funding Agent and the Issuer become a party to this Agreement as a Purchaser by (i) delivering to the Issuer an Investment Letter and (ii) entering into an agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B hereto (a Joinder Supplement ), with the Funding Agents and the Issuer, acknowledged by the Servicer, which shall specify (A) the name and address of such Person for purposes of Section 9.2 hereof, (B) its Commitment, if any, (C) whether they are a Bank Purchaser or a Conduit Purchaser, (D) the other members of its Purchaser Group and its Funding Agent and (E) the other information provided for in such form of Joinder Supplement. Upon its receipt of a duly executed Joinder Supplement, the Funding Agents shall on the effective date determined pursuant thereto give notice of such effectiveness to the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee. 

A Joinder Supplement may provide for a reduction in the Commitment of a Bank Purchaser if, in accordance with the terms thereof, proper notice is delivered to the Funding Agents, the Issuer and the Servicer and consent of each Funding Agent is obtained. At any time such notice is received from a Bank Purchaser after the requisite consent is obtained, the Commitment of such Bank Purchaser shall be reduced as provided for therein. 

So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (unless otherwise agreed by the Funding Agents ), no more than 75 and no less than 45 days prior to the Commitment Expiration Date, the Issuer may request, through the Funding Agents, that each Purchaser extend the Commitment Expiration Date to a date which is up to 364 days after the Commitment Expiration Date then in effect, which decision will be made by each Purchaser in its sole discretion. Upon receipt of any such request, each Funding Agent shall promptly notify each Purchaser in its Purchaser Group thereof. Within 10 Business Days of notice from its Funding Agent, each Purchaser shall notify the Funding Agent of its willingness or refusal to so extend the Commitment Expiration Date (the Extension Notice Deadline ). Each Funding Agent shall notify the Issuer of such willingness or refusal by the Purchasers within five Business Days of the Extension Notice Deadline. If any Purchaser notifies its Funding Agent of its refusal to extend or does not expressly notify its Funding Agent that it is willing to extend the Commitment Expiration Date by the applicable Extension Notice Deadline (each a Non-Extending Purchaser ), the Commitment Expiration Date shall not be so extended. 

From and after the Amendment Closing Date, the Maximum Facility Balance (the Maximum Facility Balance and the Commitment of each Bank Purchaser shall be as set forth in Schedule 2.2(f) of this Agreement. 

- 4 - 

Fees, Expenses, Payments, Etc . Bluegreen agrees to pay to the Funding Agents, the Fees and other amounts set forth in the Fee Letter at the times specified therein. 

Bluegreen further agrees to pay on the Amendment Closing Date or, if later, within 10 days of such costs and expenses being invoiced to Bluegreen, to the Funding Agents all reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration (including any requested amendments, waivers or consents of any of the Transaction Documents) of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents, and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees for each Funding Agent s counsel and out-of-pocket expenses of each counsel for each Funding Agent with respect thereto, any costs incurred in connection with subsection 5.1(g). 

Bluegreen further agrees to pay to the Funding Agents, and following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default other than one arising from the failure of the Obligors to make payments on the Timeshare Loans, each Purchaser, promptly following presentation of an invoice therefor, all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), if any, in connection with the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents, and the other documents delivered thereunder or in connection therewith. 

The Issuer agrees to pay to the Funding Agents, and following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Purchaser, promptly following presentation of an invoice therefor, all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), if any, in connection with the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents, and the other documents delivered thereunder or in connection therewith. 

Bluegreen further agrees to pay on demand any and all documentary, stamp, transfer and other taxes and governmental fees payable in connection with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of any of the Transaction Documents or the other documents and agreements to be delivered hereunder and thereunder or otherwise in connection with the issuance of the Notes, and agrees to save each Purchaser and each Funding Agent harmless from and against any liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying or any omission to pay such taxes and fees. 

Periodic fees or other periodic amounts payable hereunder shall be calculated, unless otherwise specified in the Fee Letter, on the basis of a 360-day year and for the actual days elapsed. 

All payments to be made hereunder or under the Indenture, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without setoff or counterclaim and shall be made prior to 1:00 p.m. New York City time on the due date thereof to the Funding Agents accounts specified in subsection 9.2(b) hereof or directly to the Purchasers accounts if a Funding Agent so instructs the Indenture Trustee. Payments received after 1:00 p.m. New York City time shall be deemed to have been made on the next Business Day. In any event, each Funding Agent shall forward or instruct the Indenture Trustee to forward to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group their respective portion of such payments in immediately available funds for receipt no later than 3:00 p.m. New York City time on the date received. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any payment due hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business 

- 5 - 

Day, the payment date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and in the case of principal, interest shall accrue thereon at the applicable rate during such extension. To the extent that (i) the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor, the Seller, the Issuer or the Servicer makes a payment to a Funding Agent or a Purchaser or (ii) a Funding Agent or a Purchaser receives or is deemed to have received any payment or proceeds for application to an obligation, which payment or proceeds or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a Indenture Trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, state or Federal law, common law, or for equitable cause, then, to the extent such payment or proceeds are set aside, the obligation or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue in full force and effect, as if such payment or proceeds had not been received or deemed received by the Funding Agents or the Purchasers, as the case may be. 

Indemnification . Bluegreen (the Indemnitor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Funding Agent and each Purchaser and any shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, agents or Affiliates thereof, of the Funding Agents or Purchasers (each such Person being referred to as an Indemnitee from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses whatsoever (including reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) which such Indemnitee may incur (or which may be claimed against such Indemnitee) arising out of, by reason of or in connection with the execution and delivery of, or payment or other performance under, or the failure to make payments or perform under, any Transaction Document or the issuance of the Notes (including in connection with the preparation for defense of any investigation, litigation or proceeding arising out of, related to or in connection with such execution, delivery, payment, performance or issuance), except (i) to the extent that any such claim, damage, loss, liability, cost or expense shall be caused by the willful misconduct, bad faith, recklessness or gross negligence of, or breach of any representation or warranty in any Transaction Document by, the Indemnitee requesting indemnification, (ii) to the extent that any such claim, damage, loss, liability, cost or expense is covered or addressed by subsection 2.3(c) or (d) hereof, (iii) to the extent that any such claim, damage, loss, liability, cost or expense relates to disclosure made by a Funding Agent requesting indemnification or a Purchaser requesting indemnification in connection with an Assignment or Participation pursuant to Section 8.1 hereof which disclosure is not based on information given to such Funding Agent or such Purchaser by or on behalf of Bluegreen, or any affiliate thereof or by or on behalf of the Indenture Trustee or (iv) to the extent that such claim, damage, loss, liability, cost or expense shall be caused by any default in payment of any Timeshare Loan. The foregoing indemnity shall include any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses to which any such Indemnitee may become subject under the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or other federal or state law or regulation arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in any disclosure document relating to the Notes or any amendments thereof or supplements thereto, in any case, provided or approved by the Issuer (other than statements provided by the Indemnitee requesting indemnification expressly for inclusion therein) or arising out of, or based upon, the omission or the alleged omission to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading (other than with respect to statements provided by the Indemnitee expressly for inclusion therein). For the avoidance of doubt, no Person shall be entitled to indemnification under 

- 6 - 

this Section 2.4 in respect of any Taxes or Excluded Taxes (each as defined in Section 6.3 hereof), the indemnification of which is addressed exclusively in Section 6.3 hereof. 

Promptly after the receipt by an Indemnitee of a notice of the commencement of any action against an Indemnitee, such Indemnitee will notify the Funding Agents and the Funding Agents will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an Indemnitor pursuant to subsection 2.4(a) hereof, notify such Indemnitor in writing of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify such party will not relieve such party from any liability which it may have to such Indemnitee pursuant to the preceding paragraph except to the extent the Indemnitor is prejudiced by such failure. If any such action is brought against an Indemnitee and it notifies an Indemnitor of its commencement, such Indemnitor will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it so elects by delivering written notice to the Indemnitee promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the Indemnitee to assume the defense of any such action, with a single counsel mutually satisfactory to such Indemnitor and each affected Indemnitee. After receipt of such notice by an Indemnitor from an Indemnitee, such Indemnitor will not be liable to such Indemnitee for any legal or other expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with the defense of such action. Each Indemnitee will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of the such Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel by such Indemnitee has been authorized in writing by such Indemnitor, (ii) such Indemnitor shall have failed to assume the defense and employ counsel, (iii) the named parties to any such action or proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnitee and either an Indemnitor or another person or entity that may be entitled to indemnification from an Indemnitor (by virtue of this Section 2.4 or otherwise) and such Indemnitee shall have been advised by counsel that there may be one or more legal defenses available to such Indemnitee which are different from or additional to those available to an Indemnitor or such other party or shall otherwise have reasonably determined that the co-representation would present such counsel with a conflict of interest (in which case the Indemnitor will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the Indemnitee). In any such case described in clauses (i) through (iii) of the preceding sentence, the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the Indemnitor; it being understood that in no event shall the Indemnitors be liable for the fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnitees in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. An Indemnitor shall not be liable for any settlement of any such action, suit or proceeding effected without its written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, but if settled with the written consent of an Indemnitor or if there shall be a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such action, suit or proceeding, such Indemnitor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any Indemnitee to the extent set forth in this Agreement from and against any loss, claim, damage, liability or reasonable expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. No Indemnitor shall, without the prior written consent of an Indemnitee (not to be unreasonably withheld), settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification may be sought hereunder, if such settlement, compromise or consent includes an admission of culpability or wrong-doing on the part of such Indemnitee or the entry or an order, injunction or other equitable or nonmonetary relief (including any administrative or other sanctions or disqualifications) against such Indemnitee or if such settlement, compromise or consent does not 

- 7 - 

include an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding. 

The obligations of Bluegreen under this Agreement shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, neither the lack of validity or enforceability of, or any modification to, any Transaction Document nor the existence of any claim, setoff, defense (other than a defense of payment) or other right which Bluegreen may have at any time against a Funding Agent, any Purchaser or any other Person, whether in connection with any Transaction Document or any unrelated transactions, shall constitute a defense to such obligations. 

Funding Termination Event . If any Funding Termination Event shall occur and be continuing, (a) if such event is a Funding Termination Event specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (d) of the definition thereof or paragraphs (d) and (e) of the definition of Event of Default, the Commitment of each Bank Purchaser shall automatically be reduced to zero, and (b) if such event is any other Funding Termination Event, with the consent of each Funding Agent , the Funding Agents shall, by notice to the Issuer, reduce the Commitments of each Bank Purchaser to zero, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately be reduced to zero. 

Notification of Term SOFR . 

(a) 

On the third Business Day immediately preceding each Determination Date, KeyBank National Association shall , so long it is a Funding Agent, calculate Term SOFR for the related upcoming Payment Date for the Notes for the applicable Interest Accrual Period and shall notify the Indenture Trustee , the Servicer and the other Funding Agent s of such rate and amount by written notice. Any determination by KeyBank National Association of Term SOFR shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 

SECTION III. 
			 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

Conditions to Effectiveness . The following shall be conditions precedent to this Agreement becoming effective: 

The other Transaction Documents shall have become effective in accordance with their respective terms. 

All of the terms, covenants, agreements and conditions of this Agreement, the Fee Letter and the other Transaction Documents to be complied with and performed by Bluegreen, the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Depositor, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, by the Amendment Closing Date shall have been complied with in all material respects or otherwise waived by the Funding Agents. 

Each of the representations and warranties of each of Bluegreen, the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Depositor, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, made in this Agreement and in the other Transaction Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the time of the Amendment Closing Date as though made as of such time (except to the extent that they expressly relate to an earlier or later time). 

- 8 - 

No Funding Termination Event, Event of Default, Servicer Event of Default under any Transaction Document or event that with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such an amortization event or other termination event shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Each Funding Agent shall have received (and, to the extent requested, made available to each Purchaser in its Purchaser Group): 

Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each of Bluegreen and the Depositor approving this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and any other documents contemplated thereby and certified copies of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and any other documents contemplated thereby; 

An officer s certificate of each of Bluegreen, the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, certifying the names and true signatures of the officers authorized to sign this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and any other documents to be delivered by it hereunder or thereunder; 

A copy of the bylaws of each of Bluegreen and the Depositor, certified by an officer thereof; 

A copy of the charter of each of Bluegreen and the Depositor, a certificate as to the good standing of Bluegreen from the Secretary of State of the State of Florida and a certificate as to the good standing of the Depositor from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in each case dated as of a recent date; 

Proper financing statements under the UCC of all jurisdictions that the Funding Agents may deem necessary or desirable in order to perfect the ownership and security interests contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Indenture and this Agreement; 

Acknowledgment copies of proper financing statements, if any, necessary to release all security interests and other rights of any Person in the Trust Estate previously granted by the Seller, the Depositor or the Issuer; 

Completed requests for information, dated on or before the Amendment Closing Date, in all jurisdictions referred to in subsection (vi) above that name the Issuer, the Depositor or Bluegreen as debtor, together with copies of such other financing statements; 

A favorable opinion of counsel to Bluegreen, dated the Amendment Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Funding Agents, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers; 

A favorable opinion of counsel to Vacation Trust, Inc., dated the Amendment Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Funding Agents related to corporate, regulatory and insolvency matters, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers; 

- 9 - 

A favorable written opinion of counsel to the Owner Trustee and special Delaware counsel to the Issuer, dated the Amendment Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Funding Agents, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers; 

A favorable written opinion of counsel to the Issuer, dated the Amendment Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Funding Agents, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers; 

A favorable written opinion of internal counsel for the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian each dated the Amendment Closing Date, as to general corporate matters and such other matters with respect to the Indenture Trustee and Custodian as the Funding Agents may reasonably request, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers, 

A favorable written opinion of counsel for the Backup Servicer dated the Amendment Closing Date as to general corporate matters and such other matters with respect to the Backup Servicer as the Funding Agents may reasonably request, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers, 

Favorable written opinion letters of local counsels for the Seller regarding certain state timeshare and real estate legal matters related to certain Initial Approved Opinion Resort and the related Timeshare Loans, in form and substance satisfactory to the Funding Agents regarding local law matters, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers; 

A copy of the documentation evidencing the release of all liens attaching to the Timeshare Loans pursuant to previous financings; 

Executed copies of each of the Transaction Documents; and 

Such other documents, instruments, certificates and opinions as the Funding Agents may reasonably request including those set forth as the closing list delivered to the Seller in connection with this transaction. 

No action, suit, proceeding or investigation by or before any Governmental Authority shall have been instituted to restrain or prohibit the consummation by the Funding Agents or the Purchasers of, or to invalidate, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Transaction Documents in any material respect. 

Condition to Borrowings . The following shall be conditions precedent to any funding by a Purchaser on each Funding Date (unless otherwise indicated) (which conditions must be satisfied no later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately preceding such Funding Date): 

The Issuer shall have timely delivered a Borrowing Notice pursuant to subsection 2.1(d) hereof; 

The representations and warranties of Bluegreen, the Issuer and the Depositor set forth or referred to in Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date of such Borrowing as though made on and as of such date (except where such 

- 10 - 

representation or warranty specifically relates to any earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); no event which is, or upon the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both would be, a Funding Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing on such date; 

Both immediately prior to and after giving effect to such Borrowing and the application of the proceeds thereof as provided herein and in the Indenture, the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance shall not exceed the Maximum Facility Balance and there shall not be a Borrowing Base Deficiency; 

All conditions specified in the Indenture with respect to such Borrowing shall have been satisfied; 

If the Funding Agents waive any of the conditions set forth in Section 3.1 hereof on the Amendment Closing Date, each such condition shall be satisfied on or before the first Borrowing to occur after the Amendment Closing Date ; 

Prior to the first Borrowing to occur after the Amendment Closing Date, a favorable written opinion of counsel to the Issuer, in form and substance satisfactory to the Funding Agents, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers, covering certain corporate and security interest matters; 

Unless previously received on a Funding Date, the Funding Agents shall have received a favorable written opinion on timeshare and real estate law matters for the Timeshare Loans to be included on such Funding Date related to the Resort for which Bluegreen is seeking to have the Funding Agents approve as an Additional Approved Opinion Resort, such opinion to permit reliance by the Purchasers ; and 

h The Borrowing does not exceed the Maximum Borrowing Amount. 

SECTION IV. 
			 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Representations and Warranties of Bluegreen . Bluegreen hereby represents and warrants to the Funding Agents and the Purchasers that as of the date hereof, the Amendment Closing Date and each Funding Date: 

It is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida, with full power and authority under such laws to own its properties and conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

It has the power, authority and right to make, execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and all the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. When executed and delivered, each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with 

- 11 - 

their respective terms, subject, as to such enforceability, to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and other laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect. The enforceability of its obligations under such agreements may also be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and no representation or warranty is made with respect to the enforceability of its obligations under any indemnification provisions in such agreements to the extent that indemnification is sought in connection with securities laws violations. 

No consent, license, approval or authorization of, or registration with, any Governmental Authority is required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party that has not been duly obtained and that is not and will not be in full force and effect on the Closing Date, except such that may be required by applicable securities laws or UCC-1 Financing Statements as have been prepared for filing. 

The execution, delivery and performance of each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation applicable to it, any order or decree of any court to which it is subject, its charter or By laws, or any mortgage, indenture, contract or other agreement to which it is a party or by which it or any significant portion of its properties is bound (other than violations of such laws, regulations, orders, decrees, mortgages, indentures, contracts and other agreements that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party). 

Other than as disclosed on Schedule 12.2(e) of the Indenture and other than as disclosed in the most recent SEC filings related to Bluegreen, there is no litigation or administrative proceeding before any court, tribunal or governmental body pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it, with respect to this Agreement, the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the issuance of the Notes, and there is no such litigation or proceeding against it or any significant portion of its properties that would have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated by, or its ability to perform its obligations under, this Agreement or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

It has delivered to the Funding Agents complete and correct copies of its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended on or about December 31, 2016; provided that Bluegreen shall be deemed to be in compliance with this Section 4.1(f) to the extent such financial statements have been publicly filed. 

No report, statement, exhibit or other written information required to be furnished by Bluegreen or any of its Affiliates, agents or representatives to any Funding Agent or any Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or the Transaction Documents is or shall be inaccurate in any material respect, or contains or shall contain any material misstatement of fact, or omits or shall omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading, in each case, as of the date it is or shall be dated or (except as otherwise disclosed to any Funding Agent or any Purchaser, as the case may be, at such time) as of the date so furnished. 

- 12 - 

Each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party is in full force and effect and no amortization, termination or other event or circumstance has occurred thereunder or in connection therewith that could reasonably be expected to result in the termination of any such agreement or any other interruption of the ongoing performance by the parties to each such agreement of their respective obligations thereunder. 

Bluegreen repeats and reaffirms to the Funding Agents and the Purchasers each of the representations and warranties of Bluegreen in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and each other document delivered in connection therewith or herewith, and represents that such representations and warranties are true and correct (except where such representation or warranty specifically relates to any earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty is repeated and affirmed as of such earlier date). 

Based upon the Investment Letters of the Purchasers and compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the sale of the Notes pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Indenture will not require the registration of such Notes under the Securities Act. 

All tax returns (federal, state and local) required to be filed with respect to Bluegreen have been filed (which filings may be made by an affiliate of Bluegreen on a consolidated basis covering Bluegreen and other Persons) and there has been paid or adequate provision made in its GAAP financial statements for the payment of all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges in respect of Bluegreen (or in the event consolidated returns have been filed, with respect to the Persons subject to such returns), other than as on Schedule 4.1(k) hereto. 

Based upon the Investment Letters of the Purchasers, the representation letter from GSS Holdings, Inc. and compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the Indenture is not required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended and none of Bluegreen, the Depositor or the Issuer is required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

There has not been any material adverse change in the business, operations, financial condition, properties or assets of Bluegreen since June 30, 2022 . 

The chief executive office of Bluegreen is at the address indicated in Section 9.2 hereof. 

The Credit Policy and the Collection Policy attached as Exhibits J and K to the Indenture, respectively (as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and this Agreement), fairly represent the policies of the Servicer and, to the best knowledge of the Servicer, the Collection Policy is materially consistent with the customary standard of prudent servicers of loans secured by timeshare interests. 

Other than changing its name to Bluegreen Vacations Corporation on September 25, 2017, as of the date hereof and, within the last five years, Bluegreen has not changed its name, merged with or into or consolidated with any other corporation or been the subject of any proceeding under Title 11, U nited States Code (Bankruptcy). 

- 13 - 

Bluegreen and each Affiliate thereof is in compliance in all material respects with ERISA and no lien in favor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation on any of the Timeshare Loans shall exist. 

The name and address of the Lockbox Bank, together with the account numbers of the Lockbox Accounts at the Lockbox Bank, are specified in the Lockbox Agreement (or at such other Lockbox Bank and/or with such other Lockbox Accounts as have been notified to the Funding Agents). All applicable Obligors will be instructed to make payment to the Lockbox Account in accordance with the Indenture. 

For clarity, it is understood that the Timeshare Loans, related Timeshare Loan Documents and other related assets will be conveyed by the Seller to the Depositor and by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreement, respectively, without recourse, representation on warranty except as expressly provided therein. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Seller, the Depositor or any of their respective subsidiaries shall be responsible for payments on the Timeshare Loans, and any other credit risks associated therewith shall be borne by the Issuer and the holders of any obligations of the Issuer. 

Bluegreen and each of its Affiliates has and intends to in the future to properly disclose and account for the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents as an on balance sheet transaction in accordance with GAAP. The transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents is a financing for tax purposes. 

As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, (i), neither Bluegreen nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has or has incurred any accumulated funding deficiency (as such term is defined under ERISA and the Code), whether or not waived, with respect to any Employee Pension Benefit Plan (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), and, to Bluegreen s Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that may result in any accumulated funding deficiency of any such plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) neither Bluegreen nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has any unpaid minimum required contribution (as such term is defined under ERISA and the Code) with respect to any Employee Pension Benefit Plan, whether or not such unpaid minimum required contribution is waived, that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect, and, to Bluegreen s Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that may result in any unpaid minimum required contribution as of the last day of the current plan year of any such plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) Bluegreen and each of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has no outstanding liability for any undisputed contribution required under any Bluegreen Multiemployer Plan (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) Bluegreen and each of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has no outstanding liability for any disputed contribution required under any Bluegreen Multiemployer Plan that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, to Bluegreen s Knowledge (A) neither Bluegreen nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has incurred any Withdrawal Liability (as defined below) that either individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect, and (B) no event has occurred or circumstance exists that could result in any Withdrawal Liability that either 

- 14 - 

individually or in the aggregate could Cause a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date, as applicable, to Bluegreen s Knowledge, neither Bluegreen nor any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates has received notification of the reorganization, termination, partition, or insolvency of any Multiemployer Plan that could either individually or in the aggregate Cause a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection 4.1(u), Cause a Material Adverse Effect means reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on Bluegreen or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates; Commonly Controlled Affiliates means those direct or indirect affiliates of Bluegreen that would be considered a single employer with Bluegreen under Section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Code; Employee Pension Benefit Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA that is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by Bluegreen or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates (other than a Bluegreen Multiemployer Plan); Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA; Bluegreen Multiemployer Plan means a Multiemployer Plan to which Bluegreen or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates contributes or in which Bluegreen or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates participates; and Withdrawal Liability means liability as determined under ERISA for the complete or partial withdrawal of Bluegreen or any of its Commonly Controlled Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan . 

The information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification provided by Bluegreen and any of its affiliates to which the Beneficial Ownership Regulation is applicable with respect to the transactions undertaken pursuant to the Transaction Documents, is true and correct in all respects. A Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 (the Beneficial Ownership Regulation ). 

Representations and Warranties of the Issuer . The Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Funding Agents and the Purchasers that as of the date hereof, the Amendment Closing Date and each Funding Date: 

It is a statutory trust validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with full power and authority under such laws to own its properties and conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

It has the power, authority and right to make, execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and all the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. When executed and delivered, each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject, as to such enforceability, to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and other laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect. The enforceability of its obligations under such agreements may also be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and no representation or warranty is made with respect to the 

- 15 - 

enforceability of its obligations under any indemnification provisions in such agreements to the extent that indemnification is sought in connection with securities laws violations. 

No consent, license, approval or authorization of, or registration with, any Governmental Authority is required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party that has not been duly obtained and that is not and will not be in full force and effect on the Closing Date, except such that may be required by applicable securities laws or UCC-1 Financing Statements as have been prepared for filing. 

The execution, delivery and performance of each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation applicable to it, any order or decree of any court to which it is subject, the Trust Agreement, or any mortgage, indenture, contract or other agreement to which it is a party or by which it or any significant portion of its properties is bound. 

There is no litigation or administrative proceeding before any court, tribunal or governmental body pending or, to its Knowledge, threatened against it, with respect to this Agreement the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the issuance of the Notes. 

No report, statement, exhibit or other written information required to be furnished by it or any of its Affiliates, agents or representatives to any Funding Agent or any Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or the Transaction Documents is or shall be inaccurate in any material respect, or contains or shall contain any material misstatement of fact, or omits or shall omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading, in each case, as of the date it is or shall be dated or (except as otherwise disclosed to the Funding Agents or any Purchaser, as the case may be, at such time) as of the date so furnished. 

The Notes have been duly and validly authorized, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and outstanding, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party is in full force and effect and no amortization, termination or other event or circumstance has occurred thereunder or in connection therewith that could reasonably be expected to result in the termination of any such agreement or any other interruption of the ongoing performance by the parties to each such agreement of their respective obligations thereunder. 

The Issuer repeats and reaffirms to the Funding Agents and the Purchasers each of the representations and warranties of the Issuer in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and each other document delivered in connection therewith or herewith, and represents that such representations and warranties are true and correct (except where such representation or warranty specifically relates to any earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty is repeated and affirmed as of such earlier date). 

- 16 - 

Any taxes, fees and other charges of Governmental Authorities applicable to it, except for franchise or income taxes, in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or otherwise applicable to it in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby have been paid or will be paid at or prior to the Closing Date to the extent then due. 

(k) No election has been or will be made to treat the Issuer as an association pursuant to Treas. Reg. 301.7701-3. 

Representations and Warranties of the Depositor . The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Funding Agents and the Purchasers, that as of the date hereof, the Amendment Closing Date and each Funding Date: 

It is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with full power and authority under such laws to own its properties and conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

It has the power, authority and right to make, execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and all the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. When executed and delivered, each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject, as to such enforceability, to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and other laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect. The enforceability of its obligations under such agreements may also be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and no representation or warranty is made with respect to the enforceability of its obligations under any indemnification provisions in such agreements to the extent that indemnification is sought in connection with securities laws violations. 

No consent, license, approval or authorization of, or registration with, any Governmental Authority is required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party that has not been duly obtained and that is not and will not be in full force and effect on the Closing Date, except such that may be required by applicable securities laws or UCC-1 or UCC-3 Financing Statements as have been prepared for filing. 

The execution, delivery and performance of each of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation applicable to it, any order or decree of any court to which it is subject, its charter or By laws, or any mortgage, indenture, contract or other agreement to which it is a party or by which it or any significant portion of its properties is bound. 

- 17 - 

There is no litigation or administrative proceeding before any court, tribunal or governmental body pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it, with respect to this Agreement, the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the issuance of the Notes. 

No report, statement, exhibit or other written information required to be furnished by it or any of its Affiliates, agents or representatives to any Funding Agent or any Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or the Transaction Documents is or shall be inaccurate in any material respect, or contains or shall contain any material misstatement of fact, or omits or shall omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading, in each case, as of the date it is or shall be dated or (except as otherwise disclosed to the Agent or any Purchaser, as the case may be, at such time) as of the date so furnished. 

The Notes have been duly and validly authorized, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and outstanding, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party is in full force and effect and no default or other event or circumstance has occurred thereunder or in connection therewith that could reasonably be expected to result in the termination of any such agreement or any other interruption of the ongoing performance by the parties to each such agreement of their respective obligations thereunder. 

The Depositor repeats and reaffirms to the Funding Agents and the Purchasers each of the representations and warranties of the Depositor in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and each other document delivered in connection therewith or herewith, and represents that such representations and warranties are true and correct (except where such representation or warranty specifically relates to any earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty are repeated and affirmed as of such earlier date). 

Any taxes, fees and other charges of Governmental Authorities applicable to it, except for franchise or income taxes, in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or otherwise applicable to it in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby have been paid or will be paid at or prior to the Closing Date to the extent then due. 

The chief executive office of the Depositor is at the address indicated in Section 9.2 hereof. 

SECTION V. 
			 COVENANTS 

Covenants . Each of Bluegreen, the Depositor and the Issuer, each solely as to itself, covenants and agrees, through the Facility Termination Date and thereafter so long as any amount of the Notes shall remain outstanding or any monetary obligation arising hereunder shall remain unpaid, unless each Funding Agent shall otherwise consent in writing, that: 

- 18 - 

it shall perform in all material respects each of the respective agreements and indemnities applicable to it and comply in all material respects with each of the respective terms and provisions applicable to it under the other Transaction Documents to which it is party, which agreements and indemnities are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement as if set forth herein in full; it shall, to the extent any other party shall fail to perform any of its obligations in the Transaction Documents, take all reasonable action to enforce the obligations of each of the other parties to such Transaction Documents which are contained therein; 

the Issuer and the Servicer shall furnish to the Funding Agents a copy of each opinion, certificate, report, statement, notice or other communication (other than investment instructions) relating to the Notes which is furnished by or on behalf of it to the other or to the Indenture Trustee and furnish to the Funding Agents after receipt thereof, a copy of each notice, demand or other communication relating to the Notes, this Agreement or the Indenture received by the Issuer or the Servicer from the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor or the Seller; and (ii) such other information, documents records or reports respecting the Collateral, the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Servicer as the Funding Agents may from time to time reasonably request; 

the Issuer shall furnish to the Funding Agents on or before the date such reports are due under the Indenture copies of each of the reports, notices and certificates required by Section 7.2 of the Indenture; 

the Issuer shall promptly furnish to the Funding Agents a copy, addressed to the Funding Agents, of each opinion of counsel delivered to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3(d) of the Indenture; 

Bluegreen shall not permit a Servicer Event of Default under the Indenture to occur; 

Bluegreen shall continue to engage in business of the same general type as now conducted with respect to the Timeshare Loans transferred by it and preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its existence and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of such business; and comply with all Requirements of Law except where the failure to so comply could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse affect on Bluegreen; 

the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer shall at any time from time to time during regular business hours, on reasonable notice to the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, permit either or both Funding Agent(s), or its/their agents or representatives to: 

examine all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under its control; and 

visit its offices and property for the purpose of examining such materials described in clause (i) above; 

the Issuer and the Servicer shall furnish to the Funding Agents, promptly after the occurrence of any event which is, or upon the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both would 

- 19 - 

be, an Funding Termination Event, a certificate of an appropriate officer of the Issuer or the Servicer, as the case may be, setting forth the circumstances of such event and any action taken or proposed to be taken by the Issuer or the Servicer with respect thereto; 

it shall timely make all payments, deposits or transfers and give all instructions to transfer required by this Agreement and the Indenture; 

it shall execute and deliver to the Funding Agents or the Indenture Trustee all such documents and instruments and do all such other acts and things as may be necessary or reasonably required by the Funding Agents or the Indenture Trustee to enable the Funding Agents or the Indenture Trustee to exercise and enforce their respective rights under the Transaction Documents and to realize thereon, and record and file and rerecord and refile all such documents and instruments, at such time or times, in such manner and at such place or places, all as may be necessary or required by the Indenture Trustee or the Funding Agents to validate, preserve, perfect and protect the position of the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture provided no such action shall be inconsistent with the Indenture or contrary to instructions of the Indenture Trustee; 

neither the Depositor nor the Issuer will consolidate with or merge into any other Person or convey or transfer its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, except (i) in accordance with the Indenture and (ii) with the prior written consent of each Funding Agent ; 

Bluegreen will not resign as Servicer, unless (i) the performance of its duties under the Indenture is no longer permissible pursuant to Requirements of Law and there is no reasonable action which it could take to make the performance of such duties permissible under such Requirements of Law, or (ii) each Funding Agent shall have consented thereto; 

Bluegreen shall furnish to each Purchaser and each Funding Agent: 

(A) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (or, if later, that date which financial statements relating to Bluegreen are required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission), the consolidated balance sheet of Bluegreen and its subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and consolidated statements of income of Bluegreen and its subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, certified by the chief financial officer of Bluegreen and (B) as soon as available and in any event within 12 0 days after the end of each fiscal year of Bluegreen (or, if later, that date which financial statements relating to Bluegreen are required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission), a copy of the consolidated financial statements of Bluegreen and its subsidiaries for such year accompanied by an audit report of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants (or such other firm of independent certified public accountants acceptable to the Funding Agents) which report shall be unqualified as to going concern and scope of audit (if such scope limitation would be reasonably deemed to have an adverse impact on the financial statements taken as a whole) and shall state that such consolidated financial statements present fairly the consolidated financial position of Bluegreen and each of its subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the results of their operations for the periods indicated is in conformity with GAAP and that the examination had been made in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, Bluegreen shall be deemed to be in compliance with 

- 20 - 

this subsection 5.1(m)(i) to the extent the documents required to be filed pursuant to this subsection 5.1(m)(i) are publicly filed within the time periods required by this subsection 5.1(m)(i). 

A copy of each certificate, opinion, report, notice or other communication (other than investment instructions) furnished by or on behalf of Bluegreen or the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under the Transaction Documents, concurrently therewith, and promptly after receipt thereof, a copy of each notice, demand or other communication received by or on behalf of Bluegreen, the Depositor or the Issuer under the Transaction Documents; 

as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuer, a copy of the financial statements of the Issuer for such year, which financial statements need not be accompanied by an audit report of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants and may be internal financial statements of the Issuer; and 

Such other information (including a quarterly cash flow statement for Bluegreen or other financial information), documents, records or reports respecting the Notes, the Trust Estate, Bluegreen, the Depositor or the Issuer as any Funding Agent may from time to time reasonably request; 

Bluegreen shall not make, or permit any Person within its control to make, any material amendment, modification or change to, or provide any material waiver under, the Indenture or the other Transaction Documents without the prior written consent of the Funding Agents and in any case in compliance with Section 9.1 hereof; 

Bluegreen will comply in all material respects with the Credit Policy and the Collection Policy in regard to each Timeshare Loan. Bluegreen shall (i) notify the Funding Agents ten days prior to any material amendment of or change in the Credit Policy or the Collection Policy and (ii) obtain the Funding Agents prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to any material amendment of or change in the Credit Policy or the Collection Policy that will affect any Timeshare Loan in the Trust Estate; provided, that Bluegreen may immediately implement any changes (and provide notice to the Funding Agents subsequent thereto) as may be required under applicable law from time to time upon the reasonable determination of Bluegreen; and provided, further that Bluegreen shall deliver to the Funding Agents a copy of any amendments or changes to the Collection Policy or the Credit Policy for which prior notice to the Funding Agents was not given with the Monthly Report to be delivered subsequent to the effective date of such amendments or changes. 

at the request of any Funding Agent, the Seller shall cause to be delivered to the Funding Agents the written report of a review conducted as of the last day of a fiscal quarter of the Seller by an independent auditor acceptable to the Funding Agents of a random sampling of Timeshare Loans that are held by the Custodian, together with all related Timeshare Loans Documents held by the Custodian, within the later of (i) 30 days following the end of such fiscal quarter of the Seller and (ii) 30 days following such request of any Funding Agent; provided , however , in addition to the quarterly reports described above, each calendar year (so long as no Event of Default has occurred), the Funding Agents, in their sole discretion, can request one written report to be conducted other than quarterly and the Seller shall cause such written report to be 

- 21 - 

delivered to the Funding Agents no later than the later of (i) thirty days after such request by the Funding Agents or (ii) the fifth Business Day after the completion of the related audit procedures; it being understood, however, that if the Funding Agents shall request more than two written reports during a calendar year (excluding any written reports requested during the occurrence of an Event of Default), the third request and all other requests thereafter during such calendar year shall be at the expense of the Funding Agents; it being further understood, however, that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Funding Agents shall not be limited to the number of written reports that may be requested and the expense of such written reports shall be borne by the Seller; 

to the extent it has not previously done so, Bluegreen shall instruct all applicable Obligors to cause all Collections to be deposited directly into the Lockbox Account. Bluegreen shall hold in trust, and deposit, immediately, but in any event not later than two Business Days of its receipt thereof, to the Lockbox Account all Collections received from time to time by it from the related Obligors; 

Bluegreen shall deliver all the Timeshare Loan Files to the Custodian pursuant to the terms of the Custodial Agreement; 

Bluegreen shall notify the Funding Agents within 12 Business Days of obtaining knowledge thereof, of (i) any fraudulent activity or theft in the origination or servicing of the Timeshare Loans that results or may result in a loss of at least 1,000 and (ii) any fraudulent activity or theft in the origination or servicing of timeshare loans not subject to the Lien of the Indenture that results or may result in a loss of at least 100,000; 

except as otherwise provided herein, neither Bluegreen, the Depositor nor the Issuer will sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (or the filing of any financing statement) or with respect to, any Timeshare Loan, or upon or with respect to any account which concentrates in a Lockbox Bank to which any Collections of any Timeshare Loan are sent, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof; 

except as otherwise permitted in the Indenture or with the prior written consent of the Funding Agents, Bluegreen will not extend, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Timeshare Loan, or amend, modify or waive any term or condition of any contract related thereto; 

neither Bluegreen nor the Servicer will make any change in its instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Lockbox Account, unless such instructions are to deposit such payments to another lockbox account approved by the Funding Agents; 

none of the Seller, the Depositor or the Issuer will change its name, identity or structure or its chief executive office, unless at least 30 days prior to the effective date of any such change such person delivers to the Indenture Trustee and the Funding Agents UCC financing statements to continue the perfection of the Indenture Trustee s interest in the Timeshare Loans and written authority to file the same; 

each of the Issuer, Bluegreen and the Depositor shall properly disclose and account for the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents as an on balance sheet transaction under and in accordance with GAAP; 

- 22 - 

the Depositor and the Issuer each shall, unless the Funding Agents shall otherwise consent in writing: 

conduct its business solely in its own name through its duly authorized officers or agents so as not to mislead others as to the identity of the entity with which such persons are concerned, and shall avoid the appearance that it is conducting business on behalf of any Affiliate thereof or that its assets are available to pay the creditors of Bluegreen or any Affiliate thereof (other than as expressly provided herein); 

maintain corporate records and books of account separate from those of Bluegreen and any Affiliate (other than itself) thereof; 

obtain proper authorization for all action requiring such authorization; 

pay its own operating expenses and liabilities from its own funds and shall conduct its business from an office or designated area separate from Bluegreen or any Affiliate thereof; 

continuously maintain its resolutions, agreements and other instruments underlying the transactions described in this Agreement as part of its official records; 

maintain an arm s-length relationship with Bluegreen and its Affiliates (other than itself), and shall not hold itself out as being liable for the debts of Bluegreen or any of its Affiliates (other than itself); 

keep its assets and liabilities separate from those of all other entities other than as permitted herein; 

not maintain bank accounts or other depository accounts to which any Affiliate is an account party or from which any Affiliate has the power to make withdrawals; 

not amend, supplement or otherwise modify its organizational documents, except in accordance therewith and with the prior written consent of the Funding Agents; 

not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness on which it is obligated, except as contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. It shall not assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise be or become directly or contingently liable for the obligations of any Person by, among other things, agreeing to purchase any obligation of another Person (other than the Timeshare Loans), agreeing to advance funds to such Person or causing or assisting such Person to maintain any amount of capital. It shall not be party to any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; 

not enter into, or be a party to any transaction with any of its Affiliates, except as contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; 

observe all procedures required by its organizational documents and preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its formation and 

- 23 - 

qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualifications would materially adversely affect the interests hereunder of the Purchasers or the Agent or its ability to perform its obligations hereunder; and 

not form, or cause to be formed, any subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness (other than the Timeshare Loans), acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except as otherwise permitted herein; and 

if requested by any Funding Agent which is expected to be no more than once during each annual period following the Amendment Closing Date), Bluegreen and the Issuer shall provide the Funding Agents with a report, satisfactory to the Requir e d Noteholders in their sole discretion, from an independent review company selected by such Funding Agent, confirming the accuracy of the information in the Transaction Documents with respect to the Timeshare Loans and the ability of the Servicer to perform its obligations thereunder; and 

Bluegreen will promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by any Purchaser and necessary for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act, and the regulations thereunder, and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; 

the Issuer will not request any Borrowing, and shall not use the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, or (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country. 

T he Issuer shall deliver to the Funding Agents and the Noteholders within thirty (30) days of the Amendment Closing Date favorable written opinions from local counsel in Missouri, Nevada, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and Wisconsin covering timeshare and real estate law matters in a form consistent with such opinions previously delivered by such local counsel . 

SECTION VI. 
			 INCREASED COSTS, INCREASED CAPITAL, TAXES, ETC. 

Increased Costs . Subject to the provisions of Section 6.4 hereof, if, due to either (a) the introduction of or any change (including any change by way of imposition or increase of reserve requirements) in or in the interpretation of any Law or regulation or the imposition of any guideline of any accounting board or authority (whether or not part of government) which is responsible for the establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principles, in each case whether foreign or domestic, including, without limitation, any Change in Law or (b) the compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), after the Closing Date, there shall be an increase in the cost to a Funding Agent or any Purchaser (each of which shall be an 

- 24 - 

Affected Party of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any investment in the Notes or any interest therein or of agreeing to purchase or invest in the Notes or any interest therein, or to provide liquidity or credit support to a Conduit Purchaser, as the case may be (other than by reason of any interpretation of or change in laws or regulations relating to Taxes (as defined in Section 6.3 below) or Excluded Taxes (as defined in Section 6.3 below)), the Issuer shall, upon written demand by such Affected Party (with a copy to the Funding Agents), direct the Indenture Trustee in writing to pay to such Affected Party that portion of such increased costs incurred which such Affected Party reasonably determines is attributable to making, funding or maintaining any investment in the Notes or any interest therein or agreeing to purchase or invest in the Notes or any interest therein or to provide liquidity or credit support to a Conduit Purchaser, as the case may be. In determining such amount, such Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods, consistent with the averaging and attribution methods generally used by such Affected Party in determining amounts of this type. A certificate as to such increased costs incurred submitted to the Issuer and the Funding Agents, setting forth the calculation thereof in reasonable detail, shall be prima facie evidence as to the amount of such increased costs. Any Affected Party that incurs such increased costs as described in this Section 6.1 shall use its commercially reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to take such steps as would eliminate or reduce the amount of such increased costs; provided that no such steps shall be required to be taken if, in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Party, such steps would be disadvantageous to such Affected Party. Each Funding Agent agrees to use reasonable efforts to give notice to the Issuer and Bluegreen of any Change in Law or the imposition of any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority after the Closing Date, that would increase the costs to a Purchaser for which the Funding Agent has actual knowledge. 

Increased Capital . Subject to the provisions of Section 6.4 hereof, if either (a) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation, directive or request, including, without limitation, any Change in Law or (b) the compliance by any Affected Party with any law, guideline, rule, regulation, directive or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority or agency (whether or not having the force of law) or any guideline of any accounting board or authority (whether or not part of government) which is responsible for the establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principles, in each case whether foreign or domestic, including, without limitation, compliance by an Affected Party with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy, but excluding, in all cases, any interpretation, application or change in law relating to Taxes (as defined in Section 6.3 below) or Excluded Taxes (as defined in Section 6.3 below), has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of any Affected Party after the Closing Date, as a consequence of (i) the existence of such Affected Party s agreement to make or maintain an investment in the Notes or any interest therein or to provide liquidity or credit support to a Conduit Purchaser or (ii) the existence of any agreement by such Affected Party to make or maintain an investment in the Notes or any interest therein or to fund any such investment or arising in connection herewith to a level below that which any such Affected Party could have achieved but for such introduction, change or compliance (taking into consideration the policies of such Affected Party with respect to capital adequacy), by an amount deemed by such Affected Party to be material, then, from time to time, upon written demand by such Affected Party (with a copy to the Funding Agents), the Issuer shall direct the Indenture Trustee in writing to pay to the Affected Party, such additional amounts as specified by such Affected Party, sufficient to compensate such Affected Party in the light of such 

- 25 - 

circumstances, to the extent that such Affected Party reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocated to the existence of such Affected Party s agreements described in clause (i) or (ii) above. In determining such amounts, such Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods, consistent with the averaging and distribution methods generally used by such Affected Party in determining amounts of this type. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Issuer by such Affected Party setting forth the calculation thereof in reasonable detail, shall be prima facie evidence of the amounts so owed. Any Affected Party that is entitled to compensation for increases in capital as described in this Section 6.2 shall use its commercially reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to take such steps as would eliminate or reduce the amount of such compensation; provided that no such steps shall be required to be taken if, in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Party, such steps would be disadvantageous to such Affected Party. Each Funding Agent agrees to use reasonable efforts to give notice to the Issuer and Bluegreen of any Change in Law or the imposition of any guidance or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority after the Closing Date, that would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by a Purchaser for which the Funding Agent has actual knowledge. 

Taxes . Any and all payments and deposits required to be made hereunder or under the Indenture to or for the benefit of a Purchaser shall be made, to the extent allowed by law, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed on, or measured by reference to, the net income or gross receipts of such Purchaser and franchise taxes imposed on such Purchaser, in each case by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Purchaser is organized, with which it has a present or former connection, or in which it is otherwise doing business (other than solely by reason of this Agreement) (all such excluded items being referred to as Excluded Taxes and all such taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities other than Excluded Taxes being referred to as Taxes ). If the Indenture Trustee, as directed by a Funding Agent, shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum required to be paid or deposited hereunder or under any instrument delivered hereunder to or for the benefit of a Purchaser (A) subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 6.3 and Section 6.4 hereof, such sum shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums required to be paid or deposited under this Section 6.3) the amount received by such Purchaser, or otherwise deposited hereunder or under such instrument, shall be equal to the sum which would have been so received or deposited had no such deductions been made, (B) the Indenture Trustee, as directed by a Funding Agent, shall make such deductions and (C) the Indenture Trustee, as directed by a Funding Agent, shall pay the full amount of such deductions to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable laws. 

Subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 6.3 and Section 6.4 hereof, the Issuer shall direct the Indenture Trustee to indemnify each Purchaser for the full amount of Taxes (including any Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 6.3) paid by such Purchaser due to the modification of or any change in or in the interpretation or administration by any governmental or regulatory agency or body charged with the interpretation or administration of any law or regulation relating to Taxes after the Closing Date (including penalties, interest and expenses) and arising therefrom or required to be paid with 

- 26 - 

respect thereto. Each Purchaser agrees to promptly notify its Funding Agent and the Issuer of any payment of such Taxes made by it for which it is entitled to indemnification hereunder and, if practicable, any request, demand or notice received in respect thereof prior to such payment. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to payment of this indemnification within 30 days from the date such Purchaser makes written demand therefor to its Funding Agent and the Issuer. A certificate as to the amount of such indemnification submitted to its Funding Agent and the Issuer by such Purchaser setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation thereof, shall be prima facie evidence of the amounts so owed. 

Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, the Indenture Trustee will furnish to the Funding Agents the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. 

Each Purchaser and each Funding Agent that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall, on or prior to the Closing Date, or, in the case of an Assignee, the effective date of the applicable Assignment, deliver to the Issuer, each Funding Agent and the Indenture Trustee (in the case of a Purchaser) and to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (in the case each Funding Agent) executed originals of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form thereto). 

Each Purchaser (including, for the avoidance of doubt, each Assignee thereof) and each Funding Agent, in each case, that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or a state thereof hereby agrees to complete, execute and deliver to the Issuer, each Funding Agent and the Indenture Trustee (in the case of a Purchaser or Assignee) and to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (in the case of each Funding Agent) from time to time prior to the date on which such Purchaser or Funding Agent will be entitled to receive distributions pursuant to the Indenture or this Agreement, executed Internal Revenue Service W-8ECI, W-8BEN or W-8IMY (with all required associated documentation) (or any successor forms), as applicable, or such other forms or certificates as may be required under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction in order to permit the Indenture Trustee to make payments to, and deposit funds to or for the account of, such Purchaser or Funding Agent hereunder and under the Indenture and this Agreement without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax or to otherwise establish the applicable rate of deduction or withholding. 

Each Purchaser and Funding Agent agrees to provide, to the extent permitted by law, like additional subsequent duly executed forms on or before the date that any such form expires or becomes obsolete, or upon the occurrence of any event requiring an amendment, resubmission or change in the most recent form previously delivered by it, as may be reasonably requested by the Issuer. Each Purchaser and Funding Agent further agrees that compliance with this subsection 6.3(d) (including by reason of Section 8.1 hereof in the case of any assignment, sale or other transfer of any interest in the Notes) is a condition to the payment of any amount otherwise due pursuant to subsections 6.3(a) and (b) hereof. 

Each Purchaser, as of the Closing Date, and each other Purchaser, as of the date such Person becomes a Purchaser entitled to receive distributions pursuant to this Agreement, the 

- 27 - 

Purchase Agreement or the Indenture (such date, its Assignment Date ), hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer that it is not subject to Taxes in respect of any sum required to be paid or deposited under this Agreement, the Indenture or under any instrument delivered pursuant to any of them to or for the benefit of such Purchaser, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Transaction Document, no Purchaser shall be entitled to any gross up or indemnity under this Section 6.3 or under any other Transaction Document in respect of Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Purchaser which are imposed pursuant to a law in effect on the Closing Date or its Assignment Date, as the case may be, or if any Purchaser changes its Investing Office, on the date of such change in its Investing Office, except to the extent (i) the assignor was entitled to a gross-up or indemnity prior to the Assignment Date or (ii) the Purchaser was entitled to a gross-up or indemnity prior to the date such Purchaser changed its Investing Office, as applicable. Further, no Purchaser shall be entitled to any gross up or indemnity under this Section 6.3 or under any other Transaction Document in respect of any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 

Any Purchaser entitled to the payment of any additional amount pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall use its best efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to take such steps as would eliminate or reduce the amount of such payment; provided that no such steps shall be required to be taken if, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, such steps would be materially disadvantageous to such Purchaser. 

Nonrecourse Obligations; Limited Recourse . Notwithstanding any provision in any other Section of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amounts payable to the Purchasers or the Funding Agents pursuant to this Agreement shall be without recourse to Bluegreen, the Indenture Trustee or any Affiliate, officer or director of any of them and the obligation to pay any amounts hereunder shall be limited solely to the application of the Trust Estate, to the extent that such amounts are available for distribution. 

SECTION VII. 
			 THE FUNDING AGENT S 

Appointment . Each Purchaser hereby designates and appoints the Funding Agent indicated as such in its Joinder Supplement as the agent of such Purchaser under this Agreement, and each such Purchaser authorizes such Funding Agent, as the agent for such Purchaser, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of the Transaction Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties thereunder as are expressly delegated to the Funding Agent by the terms of the Transaction Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Funding Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against the Funding Agent. A Purchaser may replace its Funding Agent with the prior written consent of all other Funding Agents hereunder and ten Business Days notice to the 

- 28 - 

parties hereto; provided, that a replacement Funding Agent is named prior to dismissal of the Funding Agent. 

Delegation of Duties . The Funding Agents may execute any of their duties under any of the Transaction Documents by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Funding Agents shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with due care. 

Exculpatory Provisions . Neither the Funding Agents nor their officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates shall be (a) liable to any of the Purchasers for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with any of the other Transaction Documents (except for its or such Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (b) responsible in any manner to any of the Purchasers for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee or any officer thereof contained in any of the other Transaction Documents or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by such Funding Agent under or in connection with, any of the other Transaction Documents or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or for any failure of the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee to perform its obligations thereunder. No Funding Agent shall be under any obligation to any Purchaser to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, any of the other Transaction Documents, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee. 

Reliance by Funding Agents . The Funding Agents shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or teletype message, written statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Funding Agents), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Funding Agents. Each Funding Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any of the Transaction Documents unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by such Purchasers against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Funding Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under any of the Transaction Documents in accordance with a request of the Purchasers in such Purchaser Group and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all present and future Purchasers in such Purchaser Group. 

Notices . Each Funding Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any breach of this Agreement or the occurrence of any event which is, or upon the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both would be, a Funding Termination Event unless such Funding Agent has received written notice from the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or any Purchaser referring to this Agreement, describing such event. In the 

- 29 - 

event that a Funding Agent receives such a notice, such Funding Agent promptly shall give notice thereof to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group. Each Funding Agent shall take such action with respect to such event as shall be reasonably directed by the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group; provided that unless and until such Funding Agent shall have received such directions, such Funding Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such event as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group. 

Non-Reliance on Funding Agent and Other Purchasers . Each Purchaser expressly acknowledges that neither its Funding Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by such Funding Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Funding Agent to such Purchaser. Each Purchaser represents to its Funding Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon such Funding Agent or any other Purchaser or any other Funding Agent, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Indenture Trustee, the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer and the Servicer and made its own decision to purchase its interest in the Notes hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Purchaser also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon its Funding Agent or any other Purchaser or other Funding Agent, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under any of the Transaction Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Indenture Trustee, the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer and the Servicer. Except, in the case of each Funding Agent, for notices, reports and other documents received by such Funding Agent under Section 5 hereof, such Funding Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of the Indenture Trustee, the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Servicer which may come into the possession of such Funding Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 

Indemnification . The Purchasers in each Purchaser Group agree to indemnify their Funding Agent in its capacity as such (without limiting the obligation (if any) of the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Servicer to reimburse such Funding Agent for any such amounts), ratably according to their respective percentage interests in the Notes from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever which may at any time (including at any time following the payment of the obligations under this Agreement, including the Outstanding Note Balance of the Notes) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Funding Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or omitted by such Funding Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Purchaser shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of such Funding Agent resulting from such Funding Agent s own 

- 30 - 

gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this subsection shall survive the payment of the obligations under this Agreement, including the principal of the Notes. 

Funding Agents in Their Individual Capacities . The Funding Agents and their Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Indenture Trustee, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Depositor and the Issuer as though a Funding Agent was not a funding agent hereunder. Each Purchaser acknowledges that each Funding Agent is a Purchaser hereunder. No Funding Agent , in its capacity as a Funding Agent shall, by virtue of its acting in any such other capacities, be deemed to have duties or responsibilities hereunder or be held to a standard of care in connection with the performance of its duties as a Funding Agent other than as expressly provided in this Agreement. Each Funding Agent may act as a Funding Agent without regard to and without additional duties or liabilities arising from its role as such administrator or agent or arising from its acting in any such other capacity. 

Successor Funding Agents . A Funding Agent may only resign as a Funding Agent upon 30 days notice to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group, the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer with such resignation becoming effective upon a successor agent succeeding to the rights, powers and duties of such Funding Agent pursuant to this Section 7.9. If a Funding Agent shall resign as Funding Agent under this Agreement, a successor agent for the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group shall be appointed by at least 66-2/3 of the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group. The successor Funding Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of such Funding Agent, and the term Funding Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Funding Agent s rights, powers and duties as a Funding Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Funding Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. After the retiring Funding Agent s resignation as a Funding Agent, the provisions of this Section VII shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was a Funding Agent under this Agreement. Unless waived by the Required Noteholders , a Funding Agent shall be required to have a combined capital and surplus of at least 100,000,000. 

Communications . Each Funding Agent shall promptly forward to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group, copies of all communications received by it under Sections 5.1(c), (d), (h) and (m) hereof and Section 5.5 of the Indenture. Upon reasonable notice, each Funding Agent shall also make available or provide copies to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group of all other relevant communications, documents or information obtained or prepared by such Funding Agent in connection with the Transaction Documents. 

Control by Purchasers . The Purchasers of each Purchaser Group shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any action, non-action, the granting or withholding of consent, proceeding for any remedy available to the related Funding Agent or the related Noteholder under any of the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no such direction shall be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Agreement; (ii) a Funding Agent shall not be required to follow any such direction which such Funding Agent reasonably believes might result in any personal liability on the part of such Funding Agent for which such Funding Agent is not adequately indemnified; and (iii) each Funding Agent may take any other action deemed proper by such Funding Agent which is not inconsistent with any such direction; 

- 31 - 

provided that such Funding Agent shall give notice of any such action to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group. Each Funding Agent, as a Noteholder, shall cast any vote or give any direction under the Indenture on behalf of the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group if it has been directed to do so by all of the Purchasers therein . 

SECTION VIII. 
			 SECURITIES LAWS; TRANSFERS 

Transfers of Notes . Each of Funding Agents and the Purchasers agrees that any interest in the Notes purchased or otherwise acquired by it will be acquired for investment only and not with a view to any distribution thereof, and that it will not offer to sell or otherwise dispose of any Note acquired by it (or any interest therein) in violation of any of the registration requirements of the Securities Act or the registration or qualification requirements of any applicable state or other securities laws. Each of the Funding Agents and the Purchasers acknowledges that it has no right to require the Issuer to register, under the Securities Act or any other securities law, the Notes (or any interest therein) acquired by it pursuant to this Agreement, any Joinder Supplement or any Transfer Supplement. Each of the Funding Agents and the Purchasers hereby confirms and agrees that in connection with any transfer or syndication by it of an interest in the Notes, it has not engaged and will not engage in a general solicitation or general advertising including advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over radio or television, or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. 

Each Purchaser which executes a Joinder Supplement agrees that it will comply with all transfer restrictions specified in the Indenture and will execute and deliver to the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and the Funding Agents on or before the effective date of its Joinder Supplement a letter in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (an Investment Letter with respect to the purchase by such Purchaser of an interest in the Notes. Each initial purchaser of a Note or any interest therein and any Assignee thereof or Participant therein shall certify to the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and the Funding Agents that it is either (A)(i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation or partnership (or any other entity treated as a corporation or a partnership for federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof which, if such entity is a tax-exempt entity, recognizes that payments with respect to the Notes may constitute unrelated business taxable income or (iii) a person not described in (i) or (ii) whose income from the Notes is and will be effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of the Code) and whose ownership of any interest in a Note will not result in any withholding obligation with respect to any payments with respect to the Notes by any Person and who will, prior to the applicable Transfer of a Note, furnish to the Issuer, the Funding Agents, the Seller, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, and to the Person making the Transfer a properly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor forms) (and agrees (to the extent legally able) to provide a new Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered form and comparable statements in accordance with applicable United States laws), (B) an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for United States federal income tax purposes or (C) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more United States fiduciaries have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 

- 32 - 

Any sale, transfer, assignment, participation, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition (a Transfer of a Note or any interest therein may be made only in accordance with this Section 8.1. Any Transfer of a Note or an interest in a Note shall be in respect of at least 1,000,000 of the outstanding principal under the Notes. Any Transfer of an interest in a Note otherwise permitted by this Section 8.1 will be permitted only if it consists of a pro rata percentage interest in all payments made with respect to the Purchaser s beneficial interest in such Note. No Note or any interest therein may be Transferred by Assignment or Participation (each as defined below) to any Person (each, a Transferee unless such transfer complies with the transfer restrictions specified in the Indenture, prior to the transfer the Transferee shall have executed and delivered to the Issuer an Investment Letter and the Servicer (subject to the same exceptions to consent set forth in Section 8.1(g) hereof) provided its prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) to such Transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Autobahn Funding Company LLC, as Conduit Purchaser, may, in its sole discretion, at any time, assign its rights, obligations (if any) and interests under this Agreement to the Bank Purchaser in its Purchaser Group so long as such Bank Purchaser then assumes all obligations (if any) of Autobahn Funding Company LLC under this Agreement and, at or after such time, Autobahn Funding Company LLC may, in its sole discretion, cease to be a Conduit Purchaser and a Purchaser under this Agreement upon providing notice of such cessation to the Issuer and the Servicer. 

Each of the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer authorizes each Purchaser to disclose to any Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in the Purchaser s possession concerning the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor and the Issuer which has been delivered to the related Funding Agent or such Purchaser pursuant to the Transaction Documents (including information obtained pursuant to rights of inspection granted hereunder) or which has been delivered to such Purchaser by or on behalf of the Seller, the Issuer, the Depositor or the Servicer in connection with such Purchaser s credit evaluation of the Seller, the Issuer, the Depositor or the Servicer prior to becoming a party to, or purchasing an interest in this Agreement or the Notes, provided that each such Transferee, prospective Transferee agrees in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such information pursuant to the following paragraph. 

Each Funding Agent and each Purchaser, severally and with respect to itself only, covenants and agrees that any information obtained by such Funding Agent or such Purchaser pursuant to, or otherwise in connection with, this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents shall be held in confidence (it being understood that documents provided to a Funding Agent hereunder may in all cases be distributed by such Funding Agent to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group) except that such Funding Agent or such Purchaser may disclose such information (i) to its officers, directors, members, employees, agents, counsel, accountants, auditors, advisors or representatives who have an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of such information, (ii) to the extent such information has become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by or through such Funding Agent or such Purchaser, (iii) to the extent such information was available to such Funding Agent or such Purchaser on a nonconfidential basis prior to its disclosure to such Funding Agent or such Purchaser in connection with this transaction, (iv) with the consent of the Servicer, (v) to the extent permitted by the preceding paragraph, or (vi) to the extent such Funding Agent or such Purchaser should be (A) required in connection with any legal or regulatory proceeding or (B) requested by any Governmental Authority to disclose such information; provided , that, in the case of clause (vi) such Funding Agent or such Purchaser, as the case may 

- 33 - 

be, will (unless otherwise prohibited by law or in connection with regular regulatory reviews) notify the Issuer of its intention to make any such disclosure as early as practicable prior to making such disclosure and cooperate with the Servicer in connection with any action to obtain a protective order with respect to such disclosure. 

Each Purchaser may, in accordance with applicable law (which includes applicable securities laws), at any time grant participations in all or part of its Commitment or its interest in the Notes, including the payments due to it under this Agreement and the Indenture (each, a Participation ), to any Person (each, a Participant ); provided , however , that no Participation shall be granted to any Person unless and until the conditions to Transfer specified in this Agreement, including in subsections 8.1(b) and (c) hereof, shall have been satisfied and that such Participation consists of a pro rata percentage interest in all principal payments made with respect to such Purchaser s beneficial interest (if any) in the Notes and a specified interest rate on the principal balance of such Participation. In connection with any such Participation, the related Funding Agent shall maintain a register of each Participant and the amount of each Participation. Each Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) any such Participation will not alter or affect such Purchaser s direct obligations hereunder, and (ii) none of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller nor the Servicer shall have any obligation to have any communication or relationship with any Participant. Each Participant shall be entitled to receive indemnification pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof (but shall not be entitled to indemnification under any other Section of this Agreement) as if such Participant were a Purchaser and such Section applied to its Participation. Each Purchaser shall give the Funding Agents notice of the consummation of any sale by it of a Participation, and the related Funding Agent (upon receipt of notice from the related Purchaser) shall promptly notify the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee. Unless separately agreed to between the related Purchaser and the Participant in the related participation agreement, no Participant shall have the right to approve any amendment or waiver of the terms of this Agreement except with respect to those matters set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of the proviso to Section 9.1 hereof. 

Each Purchase r may, with the consent of the Servicer (which shall not unreasonably be withheld) and in accordance with applicable law (which includes applicable securities laws), sell or assign (each, an Assignment ), to any Person (each, an Assignee all or any part of its Commitment or its interest in the Notes and its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Indenture pursuant to an agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C hereto (a Transfer Supplement ), executed by such Assignee and the Purchaser and delivered to the Funding Agents for their acknowledgement and to the Servicer for its consent; provided , however , that no such assignment or sale shall be effective unless and until the conditions to Transfer specified in this Agreement, including in subsections 8.1(b) and (c) hereof, shall have been satisfied; provided , further , however , that the consent of the Servicer shall not be required (i) in the case of an assignment by any existing Purchaser to another existing Purchaser in its Purchaser Group; (ii) in the case of an assignment by any existing Purchaser to another existing Purchaser, or in the case of any assignment to any Affiliates of a Funding Agent or (iii) upon the occurrence and the continuance of an Event of Default . From and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Transfer Supplement, (x) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser hereunder as set forth therein and (y) the transferor Purchaser shall, to the extent provided in such Transfer Supplement, be released from its Commitment, if any, and other 

- 34 - 

obligations under this Agreement; provided , however , that after giving effect to each such Assignment, the obligations released by any such Purchaser shall have been assumed by an Assignee or Assignees. Such Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Assignee and the resulting adjustment of Funding Percentages arising from the Assignment. 

Upon instruction to register a transfer of a Purchaser s beneficial interest in the Notes (or portion thereof) and surrender for registration of transfer such Purchaser s Note(s) (if applicable) and delivery to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of an Investment Letter, executed by the registered owner (and the beneficial owner if it is a Person other than the registered owner), and receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a copy of the duly executed related Transfer Supplement and such other documents as may be required under this Agreement, such beneficial interest in the Notes (or portion thereof) shall be transferred in the records of the Indenture Trustee and the related Funding Agent and, if requested by the Assignee, new Notes shall be issued to the Assignee and, if applicable, the transferor Purchaser in amounts reflecting such Transfer as provided in the Indenture. Such Transfers of Notes (and interests therein) shall be subject to this Section 8.1 in lieu of any regulations which may be prescribed under Section 6.3 of the Indenture. Successive registrations of Transfers as aforesaid may be made from time to time as desired, and each such registration of a transfer to a new registered owner shall be noted on the Note Register. 

Each Purchaser may pledge its interest in the Notes to any Federal Reserve Bank as collateral in accordance with applicable law. 

Any Purchaser shall have the option to change its Investing Office. 

Each Affected Party shall be entitled to receive indemnification pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof as though it were a Purchaser and such Section applied to its interest in or commitment to acquire an interest in the Notes. 

Register of Purchasers and Participants . Each Funding Agent shall maintain a register (each a Purchaser/Participant Register for the registration, transfer and exchange of interests in its Notes and the granting of Participations of interests in its Notes. The names and addresses of all Purchasers and Participants and the names and addresses of the transferees of any interests in Notes shall be registered in the Purchaser/Participant Registers . 

Replacement of Purchase r . If any Purchaser becomes a Defaulting Purchaser or a Non-Consenting Purchaser, then the Issuer may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Defaulting Purchaser or Non-Consenting Purchaser, as applicable, and its applicable Funding Agent and all of the other current Funding Agents, require such Purchaser to assign and delegate, without recourse, all of its interests, rights and obligations under its Notes; provided, that the Issuer has received prior written consent of all Funding Agents who do not have a Defaulting Purchaser or Non-Consenting Purchaser in its Purchaser Group and the Defaulting Purchaser or Non-Consenting Purchaser, as applicable, shall have received payment of its Outstanding Note Balance together with accrued interest thereon and any Fees owed theret o. 

SECTION IX. 
			 MISCELLANEOUS 

- 35 - 

Amendments and Waivers . This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified nor may any provision hereof be waived except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9.1. With the written consent of the Funding Agents, the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor and the Issuer may, from time to time, enter into written amendments, supplements, waivers or modifications hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of any party hereto or waiving, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement; provided , however , that no such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification shall require each Funding Agent, and shall instead require only the Required Noteholders, if such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification is administrative in nature or for the purpose of clarification . Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be limited to the provisions specifically set forth therein for the period of time set forth therein and shall not be construed to be a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement. 

Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered by hand, or, in the case of mail or facsimile notice, when received, addressed as follows or, with respect to a Purchaser or a Funding Agent , as set forth in its respective Joinder Supplement or Transfer Supplement, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: 

The Issuer: 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I c/o Wilmington Trust Company Rodney Square North 1100 N. Market Street Wilmington, DE 19890-0001 

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration/ 
					 
						 BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I 
					 
						 Fax: (302) 651 8882 

Bluegreen: 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION 4960 Conference Way North, Suite 100 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 Attention: Raymond S. Lopez Fax: (561) 912-8123 

The Depositor: 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I 4950 Communication Avenue, Suite 900 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 Attention: Paul Humphrey Fax: (561) 443-8743 

- 36 - 

The Indenture Trustee: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 190 S. LaSalle St., 7 th Floor 
					 
						 MK-IL-SL7C Chicago, IL 60603 Phone: (312) 332- 7465 Email: Maritza.hernandez1 @usbank.com Attention: Global Structured Finance BXG Timeshare Trust I 

All payments to Purchaser Groups shall be made in accordance with the wire instructions set forth in the applicable Joinder Agreement or provided in writing to the Indenture Trustee. 

No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Funding Agents or any Purchaser, any right, remedy, power or privilege under any of the Transaction Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege under any of the Transaction Documents preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided in the Transaction Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Funding Agents, the Purchasers, any Assignee, any Participant, any Indemnitee and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor and the Issuer may not assign or transfer any of their respective rights or obligations under this Agreement except as provided herein and in the Indenture, without the prior written consent of the Funding Agents. 

Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission (i.e., pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof and deemed an original. 

Severability . Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provisions in any other jurisdiction. 

Integration . This Agreement and the Fee Letter represent the agreement of the Funding Agents, the Seller, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Servicer and the Purchasers with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties 

- 37 - 

by the Purchasers or the Funding Agents relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or therein. 

Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK . 

Termination . This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until the payment in full of the principal of and interest on the Notes and all other amounts payable to the Purchasers or the Funding Agents hereunder and the termination of all Commitments; provided , however , that the provisions of Sections 2.3, 2.4, 6.1, 6.2, 7.7, 9.10, 9.11, 9.13 and 9.14 hereof shall survive termination of this Agreement, the transfer by a Purchaser of any Note or any interest therein and any amounts payable to the Funding Agents, Purchasers or any Affected Party thereunder shall remain payable thereto. 

Limited Recourse; No Proceedings . The obligations of the Issuer and the Depositor under this Agreement are solely the obligations of the Issuer and the Depositor, as applicable. No recourse shall be had for the payment of any fee or other obligation or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument, document or certificate executed and delivered or issued by the Issuer and the Depositor, or any officer of any of them in connection therewith, against any partner, member, stockholder, employee, officer, director or incorporator of the Issuer and the Depositor. With respect to obligations of the Issuer, neither any Funding Agent nor any Purchaser shall look to any property or assets of the Issuer, other than to the Trust Estate. Each Purchaser and each Funding Agent hereby agrees that to the extent such funds are insufficient or unavailable to pay any amounts owing to it by the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement, prior to the commencement of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding by or against the Issuer, it shall not constitute a claim against the Issuer. Each of the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, each Funding Agent and each Purchaser agrees that it shall not institute or join against the Depositor or the Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or similar proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy law, for one year and a day after the termination of the Indenture. Nothing in this paragraph shall limit or otherwise affect the liability of the Servicer and the Seller with respect to any amounts owing by the Servicer or the Seller, respectively, hereunder or the right of any Funding Agent or any Purchaser to enforce such liability against the Servicer or the Seller, respectively, or any of its respective assets. For clarity, it is understood that the Timeshare Loans, related Timeshare Loan Documents and other assets will be conveyed by the Seller to the Depositor and by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreement, respectively, without recourse, representation on warranty except as expressly provided therein. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Seller, the Depositor or any of their respective subsidiaries shall be responsible for payments on the Timeshare Loans, and any other credit risks associated therewith shall be borne by the Issuer and the holders of any obligations of the Issuer. 

Each of the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, each Funding Agent and each Bank Purchaser agrees that it shall not institute or join against a Conduit Purchaser any 

- 38 - 

bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or similar proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy law, for one year and a day after the termination of the Indenture. 

Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the purchase of the Notes hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 

Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers . EACH OF THE SELLER, THE ISSUER, THE DEPOSITOR, THE SERVICER, EACH FUNDING AGENT AND EACH PURCHASER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY: 

SUBMITS FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY, OR FOR RECOGNITION AND ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT THEREOF, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN MANHATTAN AND THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF; 

CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE BROUGHT IN SUCH COURTS AND WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME; 

AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE EFFECTED BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL (OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FORM OF MAIL), POSTAGE PREPAID, TO SUCH PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.2 OR AT SUCH OTHER ADDRESS OF WHICH SUCH PARTIES SHALL HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED PURSUANT THERETO; AND 

AGREES THAT NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT TO EFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT TO SUE IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 

WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE SELLER, THE SERVICER, THE ISSUER, THE DEPOSITOR, THE FUNDING AGENTS AND THE PURCHASERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR INSTRUMENT RELATED HERETO AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee . Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, it is expressly understood and agreed 

- 39 - 

by the parties hereto that (a) this Agreement is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust Company, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it under the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as a personal representation, undertaking or agreement by Wilmington Trust Company but is made and intended for the purpose for binding only the Issuer and the Trust Estate, and (c) under no circumstances shall Wilmington Trust Company be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents. 

Hedging Requirements . Upon the Determination D ate on which the Excess Spread is less than or equal to 7 .0 and the re are Notes outstanding, the Funding Agents , with prior written notice to the Issuer and the Servicer, at their sole discretion, may require the Issuer to enter into a Hedge Agreement with a Qualified Hedge Counterparty and upon execution thereof shall pledge all of the Issuer s right, title and interest under such Hedge Agreement to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Funding Agents on behalf of the Purchaser Groups pursuant to the Indenture; provided, that if the Issuer is required to enter into a Hedge Agreement, then the Issuer shall have 15 calendar days from the date of such written notice is received to enter into a Hedge Agreement. Each Hedge Agreement shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Funding Agents, including, without limitation, having a notional amount based on the Required Hedge Amount and a cap rate that generates Excess Spread equal to or exceeding 8.0 . 

Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . 

The parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of any Hedge Agreement (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Transaction Documents and any Hedge Agreement may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) 

In the event a Qualified Hedge Counterparty that is a Covered Entity (a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Hedge Agreement and the benefit of such Hedge Agreement (and any interest and obligation in or under such Hedge Agreement , and any rights in property securing such Hedge Agreement from such Covered Entity will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Hedge Agreement (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Hedge Agreement that might otherwise apply to such Hedge Agreement that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Hedge Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

- 40 - 

(c) 
			 As used in this Section 9.16, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D) . 

Recourse Against Conduit Purchaser . No recourse under or with respect to any obligation, covenant or agreement (including, without limitation, any obligation or agreement to pay fees or any other amount) of a Conduit Purchaser contained in this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document entered into by such Conduit Purchaser pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall be had against its administrator or against any incorporator, affiliate, stockholder, authorized person, officer, member, manager, partner, employee or director of such Conduit Purchaser or of its administrator, as such, by the enforcement of any assessment, by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that the agreements of such Conduit Purchaser contained in this Agreement and all of the other agreements, instruments and documents entered into by such Conduit Purchaser pursuant thereto or in connection herewith are, in each case, solely the limited liability company obligations of such Conduit Purchaser, and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to or be incurred by its administrator or any incorporator, stockholder, affiliate, officer, authorized person, member, manager, partner, employee or director of such Conduit Purchaser or of its administrator, as such, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of such Conduit Purchaser contained in this Agreement or in any other such instruments, documents, or agreements, or which are implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability of its administrator and every such incorporator, stockholder, affiliate, authorized person, officer, member, manager, partner, employee or director of such Conduit Purchaser or of its administrator for breaches by such Conduit Purchaser of any such obligations, covenants or agreements, which liability may arise either at common law or at equity, by statute or constitution, or otherwise, is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 9.16 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

[Signature Page to Seven th Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement] 

KL2#3301295 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Note Funding Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written. 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer 

By: Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee 

By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer 

By: _______________________________________ Name: Title: 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor 

By: _______________________________________ Name: Title: 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF INVESTMENT LETTER [Date] 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I 

c/o___________, as Owner Trustee 

Attention: 

Bluegreen Vacations Corporation 

Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I 

Re BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This letter (the Investment Letter is delivered by the undersigned (the Purchaser pursuant to subsection 8.1(b) of the S even th Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement dated as of September 30 , 2022 (as in effect, the Note Funding Agreement ), among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer, BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchasers part y thereto, and the Funding Agents party thereto . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Note Funding Agreement. The Purchaser represents to and agrees with the Issuer as follows: 

(a) 
			 The Purchaser is authorized [to enter into the Note Funding Agreement and to perform its obligations thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby] [to purchase a participation or other interest in obligations under the Note Funding Agreement]. 

(b) 
			 The Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask such questions as it deems necessary to make an investment decision, and has received all information it has requested in connection with making such investment decision. The Purchaser has, independently and without reliance upon any Funding Agent or any other Purchaser, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer and made its own decision to purchase its interest in the Notes, and will, independently and without reliance upon any Funding Agent or any other Purchaser, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem 

- 42 - 

appropriate at the time, continue to make its own analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under the Note Funding Agreement, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Seller, the Depositor and the Servicer. 

(c) 
			 The Purchaser is an accredited investor, as defined in Rule 501, promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and is a qualified institutional buyer (within the meaning of Rule 144A thereunder) and is acquiring the Notes (or an interest in the Notes) for its own account for investment purposes. The Purchaser understands that the offering and sale of the Notes (or any interest in therein) has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and has not and will not be registered or qualified under any applicable Blue Sky law, and that the offering and sale of the Note (or any interest in therein) has not been reviewed by, passed on or submitted to any federal or state agency or commission, securities exchange or other regulatory body. 

(d) 
			 The Purchaser is not an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), or section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (each such plan, an Employee Plan ), an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any Employee Plan, or a governmental plan that is subject to any federal, state or local law which is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or the Purchaser s purchase, holding and disposition of the Notes does not result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of a governmental plan, any substantially similar federal, state or local law) for which an exemption is not available. 

(e) 
			 The Purchaser is acquiring an interest in Notes without a view to any distribution, resale or other transfer thereof except, with respect to any interest or participation therein, as contemplated in the following sentence. The Purchaser will not resell or otherwise transfer any interest or participation in the Notes, except in accordance with Section 8.1 of the Note Funding Agreement and in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable state securities or blue sky laws. In connection therewith, the Purchaser hereby agrees that it will not resell or otherwise transfer the Notes or any interest therein unless the purchaser thereof provides to the addressee hereof a letter substantially in the form hereof. 

(f) 
			 This Investment Letter has been duly executed and delivered and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws or equitable principles affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. 

(g) 
			 The Purchaser expressly agrees to be bound by the terms of the Note Funding Agreement, including but not limited to the confidentiality provision and the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section VIII thereof. 

- 43 - 

Very truly yours, [NAME OF PURCHASER] By 

Name: Title: 

- 44 - 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

JOINDER SUPPLEMENT, dated as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto (this Supplement ), among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I (the Issuer ), BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer (the Servicer ), BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchaser set forth in Item 2 a of Schedule I hereto (the Additional Purchaser ), and the Funding Agent set forth in Item 2b of Schedule I hereto (the Funding Agent ). 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS, this Supplement is being executed and delivered in accordance with subsection 2.2(c) of the S event h Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer, BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchasers part y thereto, and the Funding Agents part y thereto (as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof, the Note Funding Agreement unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Note Funding Agreement are used herein as therein defined); and 

WHEREAS, the Additional Purchaser (if it is not already a Purchaser party to the Note Funding Agreement) wishes to become a Purchaser party to the Note Funding Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Upon receipt by the Funding Agents of five counterparts of this Supplement, to each of which is attached a fully completed Schedule I and Schedule II, each of which has been executed by the Additional Purchaser, the Issuer and the Funding Agent, the Funding Agent will transmit to the Servicer, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the other Funding Agent and the Additional Purchaser a Joinder Effective Notice, substantially in the form of Schedule III to this Supplement (a Joinder Effective Notice ). Such Joinder Effective Notice shall be executed by the related Funding Agent and shall set forth, inter alia , the date on which the transfer effected by this Supplement shall become effective (the Joinder Effective Date ). From and after the Joinder Effective Date, the Additional Purchaser shall be a [Bank][Conduit] Purchaser party to the Note Funding Agreement for all purposes thereof having an initial Funding Percentage and a Commitment, if applicable, as set forth in such Schedule II. 

Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, the Additional Purchaser will deliver to the Funding Agents, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee an executed Investment Letter in the form of Exhibit A to the Note Funding Agreement, the tax documentation required under Section 6.3(d) of the Note Funding Agreement, and the certification required by Section 8.1(b) of the Note Funding Agreement. 

Each of the parties to this Supplement agrees and acknowledges that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further 

- 1 - 

documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Supplement. 

By executing and delivering this Supplement, the Additional Purchaser confirms to and agrees with the Funding Agents and the Purchasers as follows: (i) neither any Funding Agent nor any other Purchaser makes any representation or warranty or assumes any responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Note Funding Agreement (other then representations or warranties made by such respective parties) or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Note Funding Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto, or with respect to the financial condition of the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, or the performance or observance by the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee of any of their respective obligations under the Note Funding Agreement or the Indenture or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) the Additional Purchaser confirms that it has received a copy of such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Supplement; (iii) the Additional Purchaser will, independently and without reliance upon any Funding Agent or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Note Funding Agreement; (iv) the Additional Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Funding Agent indicated on Schedule II to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Note Funding Agreement and the Indenture as are delegated to such Funding Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, all in accordance with Section 7 of the Note Funding Agreement; and (vi) the Additional Purchaser agrees (for the benefit of the Funding Agents, the other Purchasers, the Indenture Trustee, the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor and the Issuer) that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Note Funding Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Purchaser. 

Schedule II hereto sets forth the Commitment and the Commitment Expiration Date, if applicable, the Funding Agent, the other Purchasers in its Purchaser Group and the initial Investing Office of the Additional Purchaser, as well as administrative information with respect to the Additional Purchaser. 

THIS SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, it is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (a) this Supplement is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust Company, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it under the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as a personal representation, undertaking or agreement by Wilmington Trust Company but is made and intended for the purpose for binding only the Issuer and the Trust Estate, and (c) under no circumstances shall Wilmington Trust Company be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the 

- 2 - 

breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Supplement or any other Transaction Documents. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers on Schedule I hereto as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto. 

- 3 - 

SCHEDULE I TO JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

COMPLETION OF INFORMATION AND SIGNATURES FOR JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

Re: S event h Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 20 22 , among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer, BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchasers party thereto and the Funding Agents party thereto . 

Item 1: Date of Joinder Supplement: 

Item 2 a : Additional Purchaser: 

Item 2b: Funding Agent: 

Item 3: Signatures of Parties to Agreement: 

as Additional Purchaser 

By: Name: Title: 

[By: Name: Title:] 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I as Issuer 

By _______________, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee 

By: Name: Title: 

[ ____________] , as a Funding Agent 

By: Name: Title: 

- 1 - 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer 

By: Name: Title: 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor 

By: Name: Title: 

- 2 - 

SCHEDULE II TO JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

LIST OF INVESTING OFFICES, ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES AND COMMITMENT 

[Additional Purchaser] 

Initial Funding Percentage: (if applicable) 

_______ 

Commitment (if applicable): _______________ 

from [__] to [__] 

_______________ 

from [__] to [__] 

Maximum Commitment (if applicable) 

Type of Purchaser : 
					 
						 [Conduit Purchaser] 
					 
						 [Bank Purchaser] 

Funding Agent : 
					 
						 [_______________] 

Other Purchasers in Purchaser Group : 
					 
						 [_______________] 

Office and Address for Notices : 

_______________ 

[_______________] 

- 1 - 

SCHEDULE III TO JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

FORM OF JOINDER EFFECTIVE NOTICE 

To: [Names and addresses of Issuer, Seller, Servicer, Indenture Trustee, Depositor, Funding Agents and Additional Purchaser] 

The undersigned, as Funding Agents under the S event h Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer, BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchasers part y thereto and the Funding Agents part y thereto , each acknowledges receipt of five executed counterparts of a completed Joinder Supplement. [Note: attach copies of Schedules I and II from such Agreement.] Terms defined in such Supplement are used herein as therein defined. 

Pursuant to such Supplement, you are advised that the Joinder Effective Date will be _____________, . 

Very truly yours, 

[ ______ , as a Funding Agent ] 

By: Name: Title: 

By: Name: Title: 

- 1 - 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 

TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT, dated as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto (this Supplement ), among the transferor Purchaser set forth in Item 2 of Schedule I hereto (the Transferor Purchaser ), the Purchasing Purchaser set forth in Item 3 of Schedule I hereto (the Purchasing Purchaser ), and [ Servicer ] . 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, this Supplement is being executed and delivered in accordance with subsection 8.1(g) of the Seventh Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022 , among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer, BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchasers par ty thereto and the Funding Agents party thereto (as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof, the Note Funding Agreement unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Note Funding Agreement are used herein as therein defined); 

WHEREAS, the Purchasing Purchaser (if it is not already a Purchaser party to the Note Funding Agreement) wishes to become a Purchaser party to the Note Funding Agreement and the Purchasing Purchaser wishes to acquire and assume from the Transferor Purchaser, certain of the rights, obligations and commitments under the Note Funding Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the Transferor Purchaser wishes to sell and assign to the Purchasing Purchaser, certain of its rights, obligations and commitments under the Note Funding Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

(a) Upon receipt by the Funding Agents of five counterparts of this Supplement, to each of which is attached a fully completed Schedule I and Schedule II, each of which has been executed by the Transferor Purchaser, the Purchasing Purchaser and [,the Servicer ] , the Funding Agents will transmit to the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee, the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser a Transfer Effective Notice, substantially in the form of Schedule III to this Supplement (a Transfer Effective Notice ). Such Transfer Effective Notice shall be executed by the Funding Agents and shall set forth, inter alia , the date on which the transfer effected by this Supplement shall become effective (the Transfer Effective Date ). From and after the Transfer Effective Date the Purchasing Purchaser shall be a Purchaser party to the Note Funding Agreement for all purposes thereof. 

(b) At or before 12:00 Noon, local time of the Transferor Purchaser, on the Transfer Effective Date, the Purchasing Purchaser shall pay to the Transferor Purchaser, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the purchase price, as agreed between the Transferor Purchaser and such Purchasing Purchaser (the Purchase Price ), of the portion set forth on Schedule II hereto being purchased by such Purchasing Purchaser of the outstanding advances under the Note owned 

- 1 - 

by the Transferor Purchaser (such Purchasing Purchaser s Purchase Percentage and other amounts owing to the Transferor Purchaser under the Note Funding Agreement or otherwise in respect of the Notes. Effective upon receipt by the Transferor Purchaser of the Purchase Price from the Purchasing Purchaser, the Transferor Purchaser hereby irrevocably sells, assigns and transfers to the Purchasing Purchaser, without recourse, representation or warranty, and the Purchasing Purchaser hereby irrevocably purchases, takes and assumes from the Transferor Purchaser, the Purchasing Purchaser s Purchase Percentage of [(i)] the presently Outstanding Note Balance under the Notes owned by the Transferor Purchaser and other amounts owing to the Transferor Purchaser in respect of the Notes, together with all instruments, documents and collateral security pertaining thereto, [and (ii) the Purchasing Purchaser s Purchase Percentage of the Funding Percentage and the Commitment of the Transferor Purchaser and other rights, duties and obligations of the Transferor Purchaser under the Note Funding Agreement.] This Supplement is intended by the parties hereto to effect a purchase by the Purchasing Purchaser and sale by the Transferor Purchaser of interests in the Notes, and it is not to be construed as a loan or a commitment to make a loan by the Purchasing Purchaser to the Transferor Purchaser. The Transferor Purchaser hereby confirms that the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance equals and the Outstanding Note Balance of its Notes equals as of , 20__. Upon and after the Transfer Effective Date (until further modified in accordance with the Note Funding Agreement), the Funding Percentage of the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser and the Commitment of the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser shall be as set forth in Schedule II to this Supplement. 

(c) The Transferor Purchaser has made arrangements with the Purchasing Purchaser with respect to (i) the portion, if any, to be paid, and the date or dates for payment, by the Transferor Purchaser to the Purchasing Purchaser of any fees heretofore received by the Transferor Purchaser pursuant to the Note Funding Agreement prior to the Transfer Effective Date and (ii) the portion, if any, to be paid, and the date or dates for payment, by the Purchasing Purchaser to the Transferor Purchaser of fees or interest received by the Purchasing Purchaser pursuant to the Note Funding Agreement or otherwise in respect of the Notes from and after the Transfer Effective Date. 

(d) All principal payments that would otherwise be payable from and after the Transfer Effective Date to or for the account of the Transferor Purchaser in respect of the Notes shall, instead, be payable to or for the account of the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser, as the case may be, in accordance with their respective interests as reflected in this Supplement. 

(e) All interest, fees and other amounts that would otherwise accrue for the account of the Transferor Purchaser from and after the Transfer Effective Date pursuant to the Note Funding Agreement or in respect of the Notes shall, instead, accrue for the account of, and be payable to or for the account of, the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser, as the case may be, in accordance with their respective interests as reflected in this Supplement. In the event that any amount of interest, fees or other amounts accruing prior to the Transfer Effective Date was included in the Purchase Price paid by the Purchasing Purchaser, the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser will make appropriate arrangements for payment by the Transferor Purchaser to the Purchasing Purchaser of such amount upon receipt thereof from the Agent. 

(f) Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, the Purchasing Purchaser will deliver to the Funding Agents, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee an executed Investment Letter 

- 2 - 

in the form of Exhibit A to the Note Funding Agreement, the tax documentation required by Section 6.3(d) of the Note Funding Agreement and the certification required by Section 8.1(b) of the Note Funding Agreement. 

(g) Each of the parties to this Supplement agrees and acknowledges that (i) at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Supplement, and (ii) the related Funding Agent shall apply each payment made to it under the Note Funding Agreement, whether in its individual capacity or as Funding Agent, in accordance with the provisions of the Note Funding Agreement, as appropriate. 

(h) By executing and delivering this Supplement, the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser confirm to and agree with each other and the Funding Agents and the other Purchasers as follows: (i) other than the representation and warranty that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned hereby free and clear of any adverse claim created by or through it, the Transferor Purchaser makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Note Funding Agreement or the Indenture or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Note Funding Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) the Transferor Purchaser makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, or the performance or observance by the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee of any of their respective obligations under the Note Funding Agreement, the Indenture or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) each Purchasing Purchaser confirms that it has received a copy of such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Supplement; (iv) each Purchasing Purchaser will, independently and without reliance upon any Funding Agent, the Transferor Purchaser or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Note Funding Agreement or the Indenture; (v) each Purchasing Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Funding Agent set forth on Schedule II hereto to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Note Funding Agreement and the Indenture as are delegated to such Funding Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, all in accordance with Section 7 of the Note Funding Agreement; and (vi) each Purchasing Purchaser agrees (for the benefit of the Transferor Purchaser, the Issuer, the Funding Agents, the Purchasers, the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer and the Issuer) that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Note Funding Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Purchaser. 

(i) [Schedule II hereto sets forth the revised Funding Percentage and Commitment of the Transferor Purchaser, the Funding Percentage, the Commitment of the Purchasing Purchaser, as applicable, the Funding Agent of the Purchasing Purchaser, the other Purchasers in the Purchasing Purchaser s Purchaser Group and the initial Investing Office of the Purchasing Purchaser, as well as administrative information with respect to the Purchasing Purchaser.] 

- 3 - 

(j) THIS SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers on Schedule I hereto as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto. 

- 4 - 

SCHEDULE I TO TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 

COMPLETION OF INFORMATION AND SIGNATURES FOR TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 

Re: S event h Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer, BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchasers party thereto and the Funding Agents party thereto . 

Item 1: Date of Transfer Supplement: 

Item 2: Transferor Purchaser: 

Item 3: Purchasing Purchaser: 

Item 4: Signatures of Parties to Agreement: 

as Transferor Purchaser 

By: Name: Title: 

By: Name: Title: 

as Purchasing Purchaser 

By: Name: Title: 

By: Name: Title: 

- 1 - 

CONSENTED TO BY: 

[ Servicer ] 

By: Name: Title: 

- 2 - 

SCHEDULE II TO TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 

LIST OF INVESTING OFFICES, ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES, ASSIGNED INTERESTS, PURCHASE AND FUNDING PERCENTAGES AND PURCHASE PRICE 

[Transferor Purchaser] 

Funding Percentage : 

Transferor Purchaser Funding Percentage Prior to Sale: 

_______ 

Funding Percentage Sold: 

_______ 

Funding Percentage Retained: 

_______ 

Commitment : 

Transferor Purchaser Commitment Prior to Sale: 

________ 

Commitment Sold: 

________ 

Commitment Retained 

________ 

D. Outstanding Note Balance of Notes : 

Transferor Purchaser Outstanding Note Balance of Notes Prior to Sale: 

________ 

Outstanding Note Balance of Notes Sold: 

________ 

Outstanding Note Balance of Notes Retained: 

________ 

E. Purchase Percentage : 

_______ 

[Purchasing Purchaser] 

Funding Percentage: 

_______ 

Commitment: 

________ 

C. Outstanding Note Balance of Notes Owned Immediately After Sale: 

________ 

- 1 - 

Type of Purchaser : 
					 
						 [Conduit Purchaser] 
					 
						 [ Bank Purchaser] 

Funding Agent : 
					 
						 [________________] 

Other Purchasers in Purchaser Group: 
					 
						 [_________________] 

Address for Notices : 

[____________] 

Investing Office : 

[_____________] 

- 2 - 

SCHEDULE III TO TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 

Form of Transfer Effective Notice 

To: [Name and address of Issuer, Servicer, Indenture Trustee, the Transferor Purchaser and the Purchasing Purchaser] 

The undersigned, as Funding Agents under the S event h Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, as Issuer, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , as Seller and Servicer, BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor, the Purchasers part y thereto and [ ____________ ] , as Funding Agent for their respective Purchaser Groups thereunder, acknowledges receipt of five executed counterparts of a completed Transfer Supplement. [Note: attach copies of Schedules I and II from such Agreement.] Terms defined in such Supplement are used herein as therein defined. 

Pursuant to such Transfer Supplement, you are advised that the Transfer Effective Date will be _____________, 20__. 

Very truly yours, 

[_____________] , as a Funding Agent 

By: Name: Title: 

1 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF BORROWING NOTICE 

S EVENT H AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE FUNDING AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer ), BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION , a Florida corporation Bluegreen ), BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, a Delaware corporation (the Depositor ), the PURCHASERS from time to time parties t hereto (collectively, the Purchasers ), the FUNDING AGENTS from time to time parties thereto collectively , the Funding Agents ). 

Purchasers: _______________________________________________ 

Issuer: BXG Timeshare Trust I 

Requested Funding Date: _______________________________________________ 

Transmission Date: _______________________________________________ 

Timeshare Loans to be Pledged: See attachment 

Borrowing Base Prior to Funding : ________________ 

Borrowing Base After Funding : ________________ 

Available Commitment of KeyBank 

Prior to Funding: ________________ 

Available Commitment of KeyBank 

After Funding: ________________ 

Requested Wire Amount from KeyBank 

________________ 

2 

Available Commitment of DZ Bank/Autobahn 

Prior to Funding: ________________ 

Available Commitment of DZ Bank/Autobahn 

After Funding: ________________ 

Requested Wire Amount from DZ Bank/Autobahn 

________________ 

Available Commitment of Bank of America 

Prior to Funding: ________________ 

Available Commitment of Bank of America 

After Funding: ________________ 

Requested Wire Amount from Bank of America 

________________ 

Available Commitment of Citizens Bank 

Prior to Funding: ________________ 

Available Commitment of Citizens Bank 

After Funding: ________________ 

Requested Wire Amount from Citizens Bank 

________________ 

Available Commitment of Truist Bank 

Prior to Funding: ________________ 

Available Commitment of Truist Bank 

After Funding: ________________ 

Requested Wire Amount from Truist Bank 

________________ 

2 

Wire Instructions: 

Bank Name: Fifth Third Bank 

Account Name: BXG Timeshare FIN Corp I Inv 19 TR I 

ABA Routing Number: 042000314 

ACH: 67091719 

Account Number: 7433586687 

Requested by: 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I 

By: Wilmington Trust Company, 

not in its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee 

By: ____________________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION 

By: ____________________________________ Name: Title: 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I 

By: ____________________________________ Name: Title: 

2 

Attachment 

SCHEDULE OF TIMESHARE LOANS PROPOSED TO BE PLEDGED 

This schedule will be supplemented from time to time by the Schedule of Timeshare Loans attached to a borrowing notice dated subsequent to the date hereof. Each such Schedule of Timeshare Loans shall be deemed to be incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. 

SCHEDULE 2.2(f) 

Bank Purchaser Commitment 

Time Period 

Maximum Facility Balance 

KeyBank National Association 

DZ Bank 

Bank of America 

Citizens Bank 

Truist Bank 

Amendment Closing Date - thereafter 

250,000,000 

50,000,000 

50,000,000 

50,000,000 

50,000,000 

50,000,000 

Or such lower amount as reduced in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

SCHEDULE 4.1(k) 

Tax Schedule 

None. 

</EX-10.96>

<EX-10.97>
 6
 bvh-20221231xex10_97.htm
 EX-10.97

Exhibit 10.97 Third Amendment and Restated Trust Agreement

Execution Copy 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT 

by and among 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, as Depositor and Residual Interest Owner, 

GSS HOLDINGS, INC. as Trust Owner 

and 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Owner Trustee 

Dated as of September 30 , 2022 

KL2 3304888.6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1 

Section 1.01. Capitalized Terms . ......................................................................................... 1 

Section 1.02. Usage of Terms . ............................................................................................. 1 

Section 1.03. Section References . ......................................................................................... 2 

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms . ......................................................................................... 2 

ARTICLE II. ORGANIZATION 2 

Section 2.01. Name . ......................................................................................................... 2 

Section 2.02. Office . ......................................................................................................... 2 

Section 2.03. Purposes and Powers . ..................................................................................... 2 

Section 2.04. Appointment of Owner Trustee . ......................................................................... 3 

Section 2.05. Capital Contribution of initial Trust Estate . ............................................................. 3 

Section 2.06. Declaration of Trust . ....................................................................................... 4 

Section 2.07. Liability of Depositor . ....................................................................................... 4 

Section 2.08. Title to Trust Property . ..................................................................................... 4 

Section 2.09. Situs of Trust . ............................................................................................... 6 

Section 2.10. Representations and Warranties . ......................................................................... 6 

Section 2.11. Income Tax Treatment . ..................................................................................... 8 

Section 2.12. Covenants of the Depositor and Trust Owner . ......................................................... 9 

Section 2.13. Separateness of Trust . ................................................................................... 10 

ARTICLE III. CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS 11 

Section 3.01. Trust Certificate Ownership . ............................................................................. 11 

Section 3.02. The Trust Certificate . ................................................................................... 12 

Section 3.03. Authentication and Delivery of Trust Certificate . ..................................................... 12 

Section 3.04. Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Trust Certificate . ....................................... 12 

Section 3.05. Residual Interest Certificate Ownership . ............................................................. 13 

Section 3.06. The Residual Interest Certificate . ..................................................................... 14 

Section 3.07. Authentication and Delivery of Residual Interest Certificate . ....................................... 14 

Section 3.08. Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Residual Interest Certificate . ......................... 15 

Section 3.09. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates . ................................................. 15 

Section 3.10. Persons Deemed Owners . ............................................................................. 16 

Section 3.11. Access to List of Certificateholder s Name and Addresses . ....................................... 16 

Section 3.12. Maintenance of Office or Agency . ..................................................................... 16 

Section 3.13. Appointment of Trust Paying Agent . ................................................................... 16 

ARTICLE IV. ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE 17 

Section 4.01. Prior Notice to Residual Interest Owner with Respect to Certain Matters . ..................... 17 

Section 4.02. Action by Residual Interest Owner with Respect to Certain Matters . ........................... 17 

Section 4.03. Action by Residual Interest Owner with Respect to Bankruptcy . ................................. 17 

- 1 - 

KL2 3304888.6 

Section 4.04. Restrictions on Residual Interest Owner s Power . ................................................. 18 

ARTICLE V. APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES 18 

Section 5.01. Establishment of Certificate Distribution Account . ................................................... 18 

Section 5.02. Application of Trust Funds . ............................................................................. 18 

Section 5.03. Method of Payment . ..................................................................................... 18 

Section 5.04. No Segregation of Moneys; No Interest . ............................................................. 19 

Section 5.05. Accounting and Reports to the Certificateholder, the Internal Revenue Service and Others . . 19 

Section 5.06. Signature on Returns; Tax Matters Partner . ......................................................... 19 

ARTICLE VI. AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE 19 

Section 6.01. General Authority . ....................................................................................... 19 

Section 6.02. General Duties . ........................................................................................... 20 

Section 6.03. Action Upon Instruction . ............................................................................... 20 

Section 6.04. No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions . ............................. 21 

Section 6.05. No Action Except Under Specified Documents or Instructions . ................................. 21 

Section 6.06. Restrictions . ............................................................................................... 22 

ARTICLE VII. CONCERNING THE OWNER TRUSTEE 22 

Section 7.01. Acceptance of Trusts and Duties . ..................................................................... 22 

Section 7.02. Furnishing of Documents . ............................................................................... 23 

Section 7.03. Representations and Warranties of the Trust Company . ........................................... 23 

Section 7.04. Reliance; Advice of Counsel . ........................................................................... 23 

Section 7.05. Not Acting in Individual Capacity . ..................................................................... 24 

Section 7.06. Owner Trustee Not Liable for Trust Certificate, Residual Interest Certificate, Notes or Timeshare Loans . 24 

Section 7.07. Owner Trustee May Own Certificates and Notes . ................................................. 25 

ARTICLE VIII. COMPENSATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE 25 

Section 8.01. Owner Trustee s Fees and Expenses . ................................................................. 25 

Section 8.02. Indemnification . ........................................................................................... 25 

Section 8.03. Payments to the Owner Trustee . ....................................................................... 25 

ARTICLE IX. TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT 26 

Section 9.01. Termination of Trust Agreement . ....................................................................... 26 

ARTICLE X. SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES 27 

Section 10.01. Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee . ......................................................... 27 

Section 10.02. Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee . ......................................................... 27 

Section 10.03. Successor Owner Trustee . ............................................................................. 28 

Section 10.04. Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee . ......................................................... 28 

Section 10.05. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee . ................................................... 28 

ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS 30 

Section 11.01. Supplements and Amendments . ....................................................................... 30 

- 2 - 

KL2 3304888.6 

Section 11.02. No Legal Title to Trust Estate in Trust Owner . ....................................................... 31 

Section 11.03. Limitations on Rights of Others . ....................................................................... 31 

Section 11.04. Notices . ..................................................................................................... 31 

Section 11.05. Severability of Provisions . ............................................................................... 32 

Section 11.06. Counterparts . ............................................................................................. 33 

Section 11.07. Successors and Assigns . ............................................................................... 33 

Section 11.08. No Petition . ............................................................................................... 33 

Section 11.09. No Recourse . ............................................................................................. 33 

Section 11.10. Headings . ................................................................................................. 33 

Section 11.11. Entire Agreement/Governing Law . ..................................................................... 34 

Section 11.12. Trust Certificate Transfer Restrictions . ............................................................... 34 

Section 11.13. Extraordinary Transactions . ............................................................................. 34 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Certificate of Trust ................................................... A-1 Exhibit B-1 Form of Trust Certificate B-1 Exhibit B-2 Form of Residual Interest Certificate B-2 

- 3 - 

KL2 3304888.6 

This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT dated as of September 30 , 2022 (this Agreement ), is entered into by and among BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, a Delaware corporation, as Depositor (the Depositor or the Residual Interest Owner , GSS Holdings, Inc ., as trust owner (the Trust Owner ), and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, a Delaware banking corporation (the Trust Company ), as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee and together with the Depositor and the Trust Owner, the Original Parties ). 

WHEREAS, the trust known as BXG Timeshare Trust I was created pursuant to that certain Trust Agreement dated May 5, 2006, as amended and restated by that certain Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, by the Original Parties on December 17, 2013 and as further amended and restated by that certain Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, by the Original Parties on May 19, 2017 (and as further amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Previously Amended Trust Agreement ); 

WHEREAS, simultaneously herewith, BXG Timeshare Trust I is entering into that certain Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 30 , 2022 (and as further amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture ), by and among BXG Timeshare Trust I, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as club trustee, Concord Servicing LLC , as backup servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee and paying agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian pursuant to which the Issuer will issue variable funding notes issued designated as the Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I (the Notes ); and 

WHEREAS, the Original Parties now desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Previously Amended Trust Agreement as provided herein, and all actions required to do so under the Previously Amended Trust Agreement have been taken, including, without limitation, obtaining the consent of the Indenture Trustee and all holders of the notes issued under the Previously Amended Indenture in accordance with Article XI of the Previously Amended Trust Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS 
 Capitalized Terms . 
		 
			 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Eighth Amended and Restated Standard Definitions attached hereto as Annex A. 
		 Usage of Terms . 
		 
			 With respect to all terms in this Agreement, the singular includes the plural and the plural the singular; words importing any gender include the other genders; references to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form; references to agreements and other contractual instruments include all amendments, modifications and supplements thereto or any changes therein entered 

1 

KL2 3304888.6 

into in accordance with their respective terms and not prohibited by this Agreement; references to Persons include their successors and assigns; and the term including means including without limitation . 
		 Section References . 
		 
			 All section references, unless otherwise indicated, shall be to Sections in this Agreement. 
		 Accounting Terms . 
		 
			 All accounting terms used but not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

ARTICLE II. 

ORGANIZATION 
 Name . 
		 
			 The Trust created by the Previously Amended Trust Agreement is known as BXG Timeshare Trust I in which name the Owner Trustee shall have power and authority and is hereby authorized and empowered to and may conduct the business of the Trust, make and execute contracts and other instruments on behalf of the Trust and sue and be sued. 
		 Office . 
		 
			 The office of the Trust shall be in care of the Owner Trustee at the Owner Trustee Corporate Trust Office or at such other address in Delaware as the Owner Trustee may designate by written notice to the Trust Owner and the Depositor. 

Section 2.01. 

Purposes and Powers . 

(a) 

The purpose of the Trust is to engage exclusively in the activities set forth in this Section 2.03. The Trust shall have the power and authority and is hereby authorized and empowered, without the need for further action on the part of the Trust, and the Owner Trustee shall have power and authority, and is hereby authorized and empowered, in the name and on behalf of the Trust, to do or cause to be done all acts and things necessary, appropriate or convenient to cause the Trust, to engage in the activities set forth in this Section 2.03 as follows: 

(i) 

to issue the Notes pursuant to the Indenture and the Trust Certificate and Residual Interest Certificate pursuant to this Agreement and to sell the Notes; 

(ii) 

with the proceeds of the Borrowings made pursuant to the Note Funding Agreement, acquire the Timeshare Loans and to pay the organizational, start-up and transactional expenses of the Trust and to pay the balance to the Depositor pursuant to the Sale Agreement; 

(iii) 

to assign, grant, transfer, pledge, mortgage and convey the assets constituting the Trust Estate pursuant to the Indenture; 

(iv) 

to distribute to the Residual Interest Owner any portion of the Trust Estate released from the Lien of the Indenture simultaneously with the release of such property in accordance with t he Indenture; 

2 

KL2 3304888.6 

(v) 

to enter into and perform the Trust s obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is to be a party; 

(vi) 

to engage in those activities, including entering into agreements, that are necessary, suitable or convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto or connected therewith; 

(vii) 

subject to compliance with the Transaction Documents, to engage in such other activities as may be required in connection with conservation of the Trust Estate and the making of distributions to the Residual Interest Owner and the Noteholders; and 

(viii) to file with the Delaware Secretary of State pursuant to Section 3810 of the Statutory Trust Statute, (a) a certificate of trust, and any amendments thereto or restatements thereof which may become necessary or advisable, and (b) upon the dissolution and winding up of the affairs of the Trust, a certificate of cancellation. 

(b) The Trust shall not engage in any activities other than in connection with the foregoing. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Owner Trustee to engage in any business operations or any activities other than those set forth in Section 2.03(a) hereof. Specifically, the Owner Trustee shall have no authority to engage in any business operations, or acquire any assets other than those specifically included in the Trust Estate, or otherwise vary the assets held by the Trust. Similarly, the Owner Trustee shall have no discretionary duties other than performing those acts set forth above necessary to accomplish the purpose of the Trust as set forth in Section 2.03(a) hereof. 
		 Appointment of Owner Trustee . 
		 
			 The Depositor hereby reconfirms the appointment of the Trust Company as trustee of the Trust effective as of May 5, 2006, to have all the rights, powers and duties set forth herein, and the Trust Company hereby reconfirms the acceptance of such appointment as of such date. 
		 Capital Contribution of Initial Trust Estate . 
		 
			 The Depositor previously sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed and set over to the Owner Trustee, as of May 5, 2006, the sum of 1. The Owner Trustee hereby acknowledges receipt in trust from the Depositor, as of May 5, 2006, of the foregoing contribution, which constituted the initial Trust Estate (prior to giving effect to the conveyances described in the Sale Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2006, by and between BXG Timeshare Trust I and the Depositor, as amended from time to time) and was deposited in the Certificate Distribution Account. The Depositor paid and shall pay organizational expenses of the Trust as they arose or may arise or shall, upon the request of the Owner Trustee, promptly reimburse the Owner Trustee for any such expenses paid by the Owner Trustee. The Depositor may, but is not required to, make further cash contributions to BXG Timeshare Trust I in furtherance of expenses of BXG Timeshare Trust I (including, without limitation, purchasing cap agreements and depositing funds sufficient to cover the Post-Redemption Monthly Fee). 
		 Declaration of Trust . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the Trust Estate in trust upon and subject to the conditions set forth herein for the sole purpose of conserving the Trust Estate and collecting and disbursing the periodic income therefrom for the use and benefit of the Residual Interest Owner, subject to the obligations of the Trust under the 

3 

KL2 3304888.6 

Transaction Documents. It is the intention of the parties that the Trust Owner, as holder of the Trust Certificate shall have no economic interest in the Trust. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Residual Interest Owner have only an economic interest in the Trust, and that the Trust not constitute a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Residual Interest Owner (or of any of its Affiliates) for any purpose, other than for tax purposes. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust constitutes a statutory trust under the Statutory Trust Statute and that this Agreement constitutes the governing instrument of such statutory trust. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust be disregarded as an entity separate from the sole Residual Interest Owner for federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(b)(1)(ii). The parties agree not to take any action inconsistent with such intended federal and applicable state and local income tax treatment. Effective as of the date hereof, the Owner Trustee shall have all rights, powers and duties set forth herein and in the Statutory Trust Statute for the sole purpose and to the extent necessary to accomplish the purpose of the Trust as set forth in the introductory sentence of Section 2.03(a) hereof. 

Section 2.02. 

Liability of Depositor . 

(a) 

Pursuant to Section 3803(a) of the Statutory Trust Statute, the Depositor shall be liable directly to and will indemnify any injured party or any other creditor of the Trust for all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses of the Trust to the extent that the Depositor would be liable if the Trust were a partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act in which the Depositor were a general partner; provided , however , that neither the Depositor nor the Trust Owner shall under any circumstances be liable for any losses incurred by a Noteholder in the capacity of an investor in the Notes. In addition, any third party creditors of the Trust (other than in connection with the obligations described in the immediately preceding sentence for which the Depositor and the Trust Owner shall not be liable) shall be deemed third party beneficiaries of the Depositor s obligations under this paragraph. The obligations of the Depositor under this paragraph shall be evidenced by the Residual Interest Certificate described in Section 3.05 hereof. 

(b) 

The Trust Owner, solely by virtue of its being the Certificateholder of the Trust Certificate, shall not have any personal liability for any liability or obligation of the Trust. 
 Title to Trust Property . 
		 
			 Legal title to the Trust Estate shall be vested at all times in the Trust as a separate legal entity except where applicable law in any jurisdiction requires title to any part of the Trust Estate to be vested in an Owner Trustee or Owner Trustees, in which case title shall be deemed to be vested in the Owner Trustee, a co-trustee and/or a separate trustee, as the case may be. 

Neither the Trust Owner nor the Residual Interest Owner shall have legal title to any part of the Trust Estate or any interest in specific property comprising the Trust Estate. No transfer by operation of law or otherwise of any interest of the Trust Owner or the Residual Interest Owner shall operate to terminate this Agreement or the Trust hereunder or entitle any transferee to any accounting or to the transfer to it of any part of the Trust Estate. No creditor of the Trust Owner or the Residual Interest Owner shall have any right to obtain possession of, or otherwise exercise legal or equitable remedies with respect to any property of the Trust. The Trust Owner s beneficial 

4 

KL2 3304888.6 

non economic interest in the Trust shall be personal property notwithstanding the nature of any property of the Trust. 

5 

KL2 3304888.6 

Situs of Trust . 
		 
			 The Trust will be located and administered in the State of Delaware. All bank accounts maintained by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust shall be located in the State of Florida or the State of Delaware. The Trust shall not have any employees in any state other than Delaware; provided , however , that nothing herein shall restrict or prohibit the Owner Trustee from having employees within or without the State of Delaware. Payments will be received by the Trust only in Delaware and payments will be made by the Trust only from Delaware. The only office of the Trust will be at the Owner Trustee Corporate Trust Office. 

Section 2.03. 

Representations and Warranties . 

(a) 

Representations and Warranties of the Depositor . The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Owner Trustee that: 

(i) 

The Depositor is duly organized and validly existing as a corporation organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business and had at all relevant times, and has, power, authority and legal right to acquire and own the property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust as part of the Trust Estate. 

(ii) 

The Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualifications. 

(iii) 

The Depositor has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms; the Depositor has full power and authority to sell and assign the property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust as part of the Trust Estate and has duly authorized such sale and assignment and deposit with the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust by all necessary corporate action; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Depositor by all necessary corporate action. 

(iv) 

The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, nor constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Depositor, or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Depositor is a party or by which it is bound; nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties of the Depositor pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to the Transaction Documents); nor violate any law or any order, role or regulation applicable to the Depositor of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties. 

(v) 

All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any person or any governmental entity required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof have been obtained. 

(vi) 

There are no proceedings or investigations pending, or to the Depositor s Knowledge, threatened, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental 

6 

KL2 3304888.6 

instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties: (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or the Residual Interest Certificate, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Residual Interest Certificate or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (C) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect the performance by t he Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or the Residual Interest Certificate or (D) involving the Depositor and which might adversely affect the federal income tax or other federal, state or local tax attributes of the Residual Interest Certificate, or the treatment of the Trust for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes. 

(b) 

Representations and Warranties of Trust Owner. The Trust Owner hereby represents and warrants to the Owner Trustee that: 

(i) 

The Trust Owner is duly organized and validly existing as a corporation organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business. 

(ii) 

The Trust Owner is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualifications. 

(iii) 

The Trust Owner has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Trust Owner by all necessary corporate action. 

(iv) 

The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, nor constitute (with or w ithout notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Trust Owner, or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Trust Owner is a party or by which it is bound; nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties of the Trust Owner pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to the Transaction Documents), nor violate any law or any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Trust Owner of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Trust Owner or its properties . 

(v) 

All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any person or any governmental entity required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof have been obtained. 

(vi) 

There are no proceedings or investigations pending, or to the Trust Owner s Knowledge threatened, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Trust Owner or its properties: (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or the Trust Certificate, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Trust Certificate or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (C) 

7 

KL2 3304888.6 

seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect the performance by the Trust Owner of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or the Trust Certificate or (D) involving the Trust Owner and which might adversely affect the federal income tax or other federal, state or local tax attributes of the Trust Certificate, or the treatment of the Trust for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes. 

Section 2.04. 

Income Tax Treatment . 

(a) 

It is the intention of the parties hereto that, for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes, the Trust will not be treated as a taxable mortgage pool or an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust be disregarded as an entity separate from the sole Residual Interest Owner for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(b)(1)(ii). The Trust Certificate must at all times be held by either the Trust Owner or its transferee as sole owner and does not represent an economic interest in the Trust . The Residual Interest Certificate constitutes the entire residual economic interest in the Trust (after payments to the Noteholders in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents) and must at all times be held by the Depositor or its transferee. The parties hereto agree not to take any action inconsistent with such intended federal and applicable state and local income tax treatment. Because for federal income tax purposes, the Trust will be disregarded as an entity separate from the Residual Interest Owner, items of income, gain, loss and deduction of the Trust for any month as determined for federal income tax purposes shall be allocated entirely to the Depositor (or, if the Residual Interest Certificate is transferred, the subsequent holder of the Residual Interest Certificate) as the sole owner of the residual economic interest in the Trust. 
 Covenants of the Depositor and Trust Owner . 
		 
			 The Depositor and the Trust Owner agree and covenant (severally, as applicable) that during the term of this Agreement, and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that: 

(b) 

in the event that any litigation with claims in excess of 25,000 to which the Depositor is a party which shall be reasonably likely to result in a material judgment against the Depositor that the Depositor will not be able to satisfy shall be commenced, during the period beginning immediately following the commencement of such litigation and continuing until such litigation is dismissed or otherwise terminated (and, if such litigation has resulted in a final judgment against the Depositor, such judgment has been satisfied), the Depositor shall not pay any dividend to its Affiliates, or make any distribution on or in respect of its capital stock to its Affiliates, or repay the principal amount of any indebtedness of the Depositor held by its Affiliates, unless after giving effect to such payment, distribution or repayment, the Depositor s liquid assets shall not be less than the amount of actual damages claimed in such litigation; 

(c) 

neither the Depositor nor the Trust Owner shall, for any reason, institute proceedings for the Trust to be adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent, or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the Trust, or file a petition seeking or consenting to reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to the bankruptcy of the Trust, or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Trust or a substantial part of the property of the Trust or cause or permit the Trust to make 

8 

KL2 3304888.6 

any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or admit in writing the inability of the Trust to pay its debts generally as they become due, or declare or effect a moratorium on the debt of the Trust or take any action in furtherance of any such action; 

(d) 

neither the Depositor nor the Trust Owner shall create, incur or suffer to exist any indebtedness or engage in any business, except, in each case, as permitted by its certificate of incorporation, by-laws and the Transaction Documents; 

(e) 

it shall obtain from each other party to each Transaction Document to which it or the Trust is a party and each other agreement entered into on or after the date hereof to which it or the Trust is a party, an agreement by each such counterparty that prior to the occurrence of the event specified in Section 9.01(e) hereof such counterparty shall not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, it or the Trust, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceedings under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States; 

(f) 

it shall not, for any reason, withdraw or attempt to withdraw from this Agreement, dissolve, institute proceedings for it to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or file a petition seeking or consenting to reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of it or a substantial part of its property, or make any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or declare or effect a moratorium on its debt or take any action in furtherance of any such action; and 

(g) 

it shall not transfer the Trust Certificate (in the case of the Trust Owner) or the Residual Interest Certificate (in the case of the Depositor) unless the transferee agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, paragraph (b) above, and, in the case of the Trust Owner, shall only transfer the Trust Certificate in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01, and, in the case of the Depositor, shall only transfer the Residual Interest Certificate in accordance with Section 3.05. 
 Separateness of Trust . 
		 
			 The Depositor, the Trust Owner and the Owner Trustee agree and covenant (severally, as applicable) that during the term of this Agreement, and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that: 

(h) 

The Trust shall maintain its chief executive office and a telephone number separate from that of any Controlling Entity (as hereinafter defined) and shall conspicuously identify such office as its office. 

(i) 

The Trust shall maintain its financial statements, accounting records and other organization documents separate from those of any Controlling Entity or any other person or entity. 

(j) 

The Trust shall prepare unaudited annual financial statements, and the Trust s financial statements shall comply with generally accepted accounting principles (except as noted in such financial statements). 

9 

KL2 3304888.6 

(k) 

The Trust shall maintain its own separate bank accounts and correct, complete and separate books of account. 

(l) 

The Trust shall hold itself out to the public (including any Controlling Entity s creditors) under the Trust s own name and as a separate and distinct corporate entity. The Trust s name may not be used by any other Controlling Entity in the conduct of its business, nor may the Trust use the name of any other Controlling Entity in the conduct of its business. The Trust must have a separate telephone number, stationery and other business forms. 

(m) 

All customary formalities regarding the existence of the Trust shall be observed. 

(n) 

All business transactions entered into by the Trust with any Controlling Entity shall be on such terms and conditions (including terms relating to amounts paid under such transactions) as would be generally available in comparable transactions if such business transactions were with an entity that was not a Controlling Entity and shall be approved by the Indenture Trustee. 

(o) 

Except as provided in Section 2.03 hereof, the Trust shall not guarantee or assume or hold itself out or permit itself to be held out as having guaranteed or assumed any liabilities or obligations of a Controlling Entity or any other person or entity. 

(p) 

Other than organizational expenses, the Trust shall pay its own liabilities, indebtedness and obligations of any kind, including all administrative expenses, from its own separate assets in accordance with the provisions hereunder and in the Indenture. 

(q) 

Assets of the Trust shall be separately identified, maintained and segregated. The Trust s assets shall at all times be held by or on behalf of the Trust and, if held on behalf of the Trust by another entity (including any Controlling Entity), shall be kept identifiable (in accordance with customary usages) as assets owned by the Trust. 

As defined herein, Controlling Entity means any entity (A) which beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the outstanding Certificates of Trust, (B) of which 10 or more of the outstanding voting securities are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any entity described in clause (A) above, or (C) which otherwise controls or otherwise is controlled by or otherwise is under common control with any person or entity described in clause (A) above; provided , however , for purposes of this definition, the terms control, controlled by and under common control with shall have the meanings assigned to them in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

ARTICLE III. 

CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS 

Section 3.01. 

Trust Certificate Ownership . 

(a) 

Since the formation of the Trust by the contribution by the Depositor as set forth in Section 2.05 hereof and the issuance of the Trust Certificate (as Trust Certificate is defined in the Previously Amended Trust Agreement, the Previous Trust Certificate to the Trust Owner, the 

10 

KL2 3304888.6 

Trust Owner has been the sole owner of the Trust Certificate. The Trust Certificate must at all times be held by either the Trust Owner or its transferee as sole owner. 

(b) 

No transfer of the Trust Certificate or beneficial interest therein shall be made unless such transfer is made in a transaction which does not require registration or qualification under the Securities Act or qualification under any state securities or Blue Sky laws. Neither the Owner Trustee nor the Certificate Registrar shall effect the registration of any transfer of the Trust Certificate or beneficial interest therein unless (i) prior to such transfer, the Owner Trustee shall have received a tax opinion, substantially similar to, and covering the same issues as, the tax opinion rendered on the Closing Date and that there will be no adverse federal income tax consequences to the Trust or the Noteholders as a result of the transfer, and (ii) the transferee, by its acceptance of a Trust Certificate or beneficial interest in a Trust Certificate, covenants and agrees that such transferee will not at any time institute against the Trust or the Depositor, or join in any institution against the Trust or the Depositor any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Trust Certificate, the Notes, the Trust Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents and (iii) following such transfer, there would be no more than one holder of the Trust Certificate or beneficial interest therein and the holder of the Trust Certificate or beneficial interest therein would not be a Foreign Person, a partnership, S corporation or grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 The Trust Certificate . 
		 
			 The Trust Certificate, which shall represent only legal ownership of the Trust and shall not represent any economic interest in the Trust, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto. The Original Trust Certificate was previously executed by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust by manual or facsimile signature of an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee and was deemed to have been validly issued when so executed. On the Amendment Closing Date, the Trust Owner shall exchange the Previous Trust Certificate for the Trust Certificate. The Trust Certificate shall be executed by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust by manual or facsimile signature of an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee and shall be deemed to have been validly issued when so executed. The Trust Certificate bearing the manual or facsimile signature of individuals who were, at the time when such signatures were affixed, authorized to sign on behalf of the Owner Trustee shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Trust, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them ceased to be so authorized prior to the authentication and delivery of such Trust Certificate or did not hold such offices at the date of such Trust Certificate. The Trust Certificate shall be dated the date of its authentication. 
		 Authentication and Delivery of Trust Certificate . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee previously, on May 1 9 , 20 17 , caused to be authenticated and delivered upon the order of the Depositor, in exchange for the o riginal Trust Certificate duly authenticated by the Owner Trustee, evidencing the entire ownership of the Trust , the Previous Trust Certificate . As indicated above in Section 3.02, on the Amendment Closing Date, the Trust Owner shall exchange the Previous Trust Certificate for the Trust Certificate. No Trust Certificate shall be entitled to any benefit under this Agreement, or be vacated for any purpose, unless there appears on such Trust Certificate a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth in the form of Trust Certificate attached hereto as Exhibit B-1 , executed by the Owner Trustee or its authenticating agent, by manual signature, and such certificate upon any Trust Certificate shall be conclusive evidence, and 

11 

KL2 3304888.6 

the only evidence, that such Trust Certificate has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. Upon (a) the issuance, authorization and delivery of the Trust Certificate as provided herein, and (b) the exchange of the Previous Trust Certificate for the Trust Certificate as provided herein, the Trust Certificate will be entitled to the benefits of this Agreement. 

Section 3.02. 

Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Trust Certificate . 

(a) 

The Certificate Registrar shall keep or cause to be kept, a Certificate Register, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe. The Certificate Register shall provide for the registration of Trust Certificate and transfers and exchanges of the Trust Certificate as provided herein. The Owner Trustee is hereby appointed Certificate Registrar for the purpose of registering the Trust Certificate and transfers and exchanges of the Previous Trust Certificate and the Trust Certificate as herein provided. In the event that, subsequent to the Amendment Closing Date, the Owner Trustee notifies the Servicer that it is unable to act as Certificate Registrar, the Servicer shall appoint another bank or trust company, having an office or agency located in the State of Delaware, agreeing to act in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement applicable to it, and otherwise acceptable to the Owner Trustee, to act as successor Certificate Registrar hereunder. 

(b) 

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Trust Certificate at the Owner Trustee Corporate Trust Office, the Owner Trustee shall execute, authenticate and deliver (or shall cause its authenticating agent to authenticate and deliver), in the name of the designated transferee, one new Trust Certificate having the same percentage non-economic interest in the Trust. 

(c) 

Every Trust Certificate presented or surrendered for registration of transfer shall be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar duly executed by the Certificateholder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing. 

(d) 

No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of the Original Trust Certificate or Trust Certificate, but the Owner Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer of the Trust Certificate. 

(e) 

The Original Trust Certificate and all Trust Certificates surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be canceled and subsequently destroyed by the Owner Trustee. 

Section 3.03. 

Residual Interest Certificate Ownership . 

(a) 

Since the formation of the Trust by the contribution by the Depositor as set forth in Section 2.05 hereof, the Residual Interest Owner has been the sole economic owner of the Trust and the Residual Interest Certificate (as Residual Interest Certificate is defined in the Previously Amended Trust Agreement, the Previous Residual Interest Certificate ). The Residual Interest Certificate must at all times be held by either the Residual Interest Owner or its transferee. 

(b) 

No transfer of the Residual Interest Certificate or beneficial interest therein shall be made unless such transfer is made in a transaction which does not require registration or qualification under the Securities Act, or qualification under any state securities or Blue Sky laws. Neither 

12 

KL2 3304888.6 

the Owner Trustee nor the Certificate Registrar shall effect the registration of any transfer of the Residual Interest Certificate or a beneficial interest therein unless (i) prior to such transfer, the Owner Trustee shall have received a tax opinion, substantially similar to, and covering the same issues as, the tax opinion rendered on the Closing Date and that there will be no adverse federal income tax consequences to the Trust or the Noteholders as a result of the transfer , (ii) the transferee, by its acceptance of a Residual Interest Certificate or beneficial interest in a Residual Interest Certificate, covenants and agrees that such transferee will not at any time institute against the Trust or the Depositor, or join in any institution against the Trust or the Depositor any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Residual Interest Certificate, the Notes, the Trust Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents and (iii) following such transfer, there would be no more than one holder or beneficial owner of the Residual Interest Certificate and the holder or beneficial owner of the Residual Interest Certificate would not be a Foreign Person, a partnership, S corporation or grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Residual Interest Certificate shall at no time be pledged, collaterally assigned, or otherwise made available, whether directly or indirectly, by the Residual Interest Owner or its transferee as collateral, security or the source of payment for a loan or any other obligation under an arrangement in which the terms of such loan or obligation (or the underlying arrangement) provide for the timing and amount of payments on such loan or obligation to be determined in whole or in part by the timing and amount of payments or projected payments on the Timeshare Loans or other assets of the Trust Estate. 
 The Residual Interest Certificate . 
		 
			 The Residual Interest Certificate shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 h ereto. The Original Residual Interest Certificate was previously executed by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust by manual or facsimile signature of an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee and deemed to have been validly issued when so executed. On the Amendment Closing Date, the Depositor shall exchange the Previous Residual Interest Certificate for the Residual Interest Certificate. The Residual Interest Certificate shall be executed by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust by manual or facsimile signature of an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee and shall be deemed to have been validly issued when so executed. The Residual Interest Certificate bearing the manual or facsimile signature of individuals who were, at the time when such signatures were affixed, authorized to sign on behalf of the Owner Trustee shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Trust, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them ceased to be so authorized prior to the authentication and delivery of such Residual Interest Certificate or did not hold such offices at the date of such Residual Interest Certificate. The Residual Interest Certificate shall be dated the date of its authentication. 
		 Authentication and Delivery of Residual Interest Certificate . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee previously, on May 19 , 20 22 , caused to be authenticated and delivered to the Residual Interest Owner upon the order of the Depositor, in exchange for the original Residual Interest Certificate duly authenticated by the Owner Trustee, evidencing the entire residual economic ownership of the Trust , the Previous Residual Interest Certificate . As indicated above in Section 3.06, on the Amendment Closing Date, the Residual Interest Owner shall exchange the Previous Residual Interest Certificate for the Residual Interest Certificate. No Residual Interest Certificate shall be entitled to any benefit under this Agreement, or be valid for any purpose, unless there appears on such Residual Interest Certificate a certificate of authentication substantially in the 

13 

KL2 3304888.6 

form set forth in the form of Residual Interest Certificate attached hereto as Exhibit B-2 , executed by the Owner Trustee or its authenticating agent, by manual signature, and such certificate upon any Residual Interest Certificate shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Residual Interest Certificate has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. Upon (a) the issuance, authorization and delivery of the Residual Interest Certificate as provided herein, and (b) the exchange of the Previous Residual Interest Certificate for the Residual Interest Certificate as provided herein, the Residual Interest Certificate will be entitled to the benefits of this Agreement. 

Section 3.04. 

Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Residual Interest Certificate . 

(a) 

The Certificate Registrar shall keep or cause to be kept, a Certificate Register, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe. The Certificate Register shall provide for the registration of the Residual Interest Certificate and transfers and exchanges of the Residual Interest Certificate as provided herein. The Owner Trustee is hereby appointed as Certificate Registrar for the purpose of registering the Residual Interest Certificate and transfers and exchanges of the Previous Residual Interest Certificate and Residual Interest Certificate as herein provided. In the event that, subsequent to the Closing Date, the Owner Trustee notifies the Servicer that it is unable to act as Certificate Registrar, the Servicer shall appoint another bank or trust company, having an office or agency located in the State of Delaware, agreeing to act in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement applicable to it, and otherwise acceptable to the Owner Trustee, to act as successor Certificate Registrar hereunder. 

(b) 

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Residual Interest Certificate at the Owner Trustee Corporate Trust Office, the Owner Trustee shall execute, authenticate and deliver (or shall cause its authenticating agent to authenticate and deliver), in the name of the designated transferee, one new Residual Interest Certificate having the same percentage economic residual interest in the Trust . 

(c) 

Every Residual Interest Certificate presented or surrendered for registration of transfer shall be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar duly executed by the Certificateholder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing. 

(d) 

No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of the Previous Residual Interest Certificate or Residual Interest Certificate, but the Owner Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer of the Residual Interest Certificate. 

(e) 

The Previous Residual Interest Certificate and all Residual Interest Certificates surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be canceled and subsequently destroyed by the Owner Trustee. 
 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates . 
		 
			 If (i) any mutilated Certificate is surrendered to the Certificate Registrar, or the Certificate Registrar receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Certificate, and (ii) there is delivered to the Certificate Registrar and the Owner Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless, then, in the absence of notice that such Certificate has been 

14 

KL2 3304888.6 

acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Owner Trustee shall execute and the Owner Trustee or its authenticating agent shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen certificate, a new Certificate of like tenor and fractional undivided interest, in connection with the issuance or any new Certificate under this Section 3.09, the Owner Trustee may require the payment by the Certificateholder of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto. Any duplicate Certificate issued pursuant to this Section 3.09 shall constitute complete and indefeasible evidence of ownership in the Trust, as if originally issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate shall be found at any time. 
		 Persons Deemed Owners . 
		 
			 Prior to due presentation of a Certificate for registration of transfer, the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar and any of their respective agents may treat the Person in whose name any Certificate is registered as the owner of such Certificate for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to Section 5.02 hereof and for all other purposes whatsoever, and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, and Trust Paying Agent or any of their respective agents shall be affected by any notice of the contrary. 
		 Access to List of Certificateholder s Name and Addresses . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Servicer and the Depositor, within 15 days after receipt by the Certificate Registrar of a written request therefor from the Servicer or the Depositor, the name and address of the Certificateholder as of the most recent Record Date in such form as the Servicer or the Depositor may reasonably require. Every Certificateholder, by receiving and holding a Certificate, agrees with the Servicer, the Depositor and the Owner Trustee that none of the Servicer, the Depositor or the Owner Trustee shall be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the name and address of the Certificateholder hereunder, regardless of the source from which such information was derived. 
		 Maintenance of Office or Agency . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall maintain in Delaware, an office or offices or agency or agencies where the Certificates may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Owner Trustee in respect of the Certificates and this Agreement may be served. The Owner Trustee hereby designates the Owner Trustee Corporate Trust Office as its office for such purposes. The Owner Trustee shall give prompt written notice to the Depositor, the Servicer and to the Certificateholder of any change in the location of the Certificate Register or any such office or agency. 
		 Appointment of Trust Paying Agent . 
		 
			 The Trust Paying Agent shall make distributions to the Residual Interest Owner pursuant to Section 5.02(a) hereof and shall report the amounts of such distributions to the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee may revoke such power and remove the Trust Paying Agent if the Owner Trustee determines, in its sole discretion, that the Trust Paying Agent shall have failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect. The Trust Paying Agent initially shall be U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, and any co-Trust Paying Agent chosen by the Trust Paying Agent that is acceptable to the Owner Trustee. Each Trust Paying Agent shall be permitted to resign as Trust Paying Agent upon 30 days written notice to the Owner Trustee. In the event that U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association shall no longer be the Trust Paying Agent, the Owner Trustee shall appoint a successor to act as Trust Paying Agent (which shall be a bank or trust company of similar size and credit rating). The Owner Trustee shall cause such successor Trust Paying Agent or any 

15 

KL2 3304888.6 

additional Trust Paying Agent appointed by the Owner Trustee to execute and deliver to the Owner Trustee an instrument in which such successor Trust Paying Agent or additional Trust Paying Agent shall agree with the Owner Trustee that, as Trust Paying Agent, such successor Trust Paying Agent or additional Trust Paying Agent will hold all sums, if any, held by it for payment to the Certificateholders in trust for the benefit of the Certificateholders entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Certificateholders. The Trust Paying Agent shall return all unclaimed funds to the Owner Trustee and upon removal of a Trust Paying Agent, such Trust Paying Agent shall also return all funds in its possession to the Owner Trustee. The provisions of Sections 7.01, 7,03, 7.04 and 8.01 hereof shall apply to the Owner Trustee also in its role as Trust Paying Agent, for so long as the Owner Trustee shall act as Trust Paying Agent and, to the extent applicable, to any other Trust Paying Agent appointed hereunder. Any reference in this Agreement to the Trust Paying Agent shall include any co-Trust Paying Agent unless the context requires otherwise. 

ARTICLE IV. 

ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE 
 Prior Notice to Residual Interest Owner with Respect to Certain Matters . 
		 
			 Subject to the provisions and limitations contained in the Indenture and other Transaction Documents, with respect to the following matters, unless otherwise instructed in writing by the Trust Owner, the Trust shall not take action unless at least 30 days before the taking of such action the Owner Trustee shall have notified the Trust Owner that such action will be taken: 

(a) 

the initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Trust (except claims or lawsuits brought in connection with the collection of the Timeshare Loans) and the compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against the Trust (except with respect to claims or lawsuits for collection of the assets comprising the Trust Estate); 

(b) 

the election by the Trust to file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust (unless such amendment is required to be filed under the Statutory Trust Statute); 

(c) 

the amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture; or 

(d) 

the appointment pursuant to the Indenture of a successor Note Registrar, Trust Paying Agent or Indenture Trustee or pursuant to this Agreement of a successor Certificate Registrar, or the consent to the assignment by the Note Registrar, Trust Paying Agent, Indenture Trustee or Certificate Registrar of its obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement, as applicable. 
 Action by Residual Interest Owner with Respect to Certain Matters . 
		 
			 Subject to the provisions and limitations of Section 4.04 hereof, the Owner Trustee shall not have the power, except upon the written direction of the Residual Interest Owner, to (a) initiate any claim, suit or proceeding by the Trust or compromise any claim, suit or proceeding brought by or against the Trust, (b) authorize the merger or consolidation of the Trust with or into any other business trust or entity (subject to Section 8.4 of the Indenture) or (c) amend the Certificate of Trust. The Owner Trustee shall take the actions referred to in the preceding sentence only upon written instructions signed by the Residual Interest Owner. 

16 

KL2 3304888.6 

Action by Residual Interest Owner with Respect to Bankruptcy . 
		 
			 Subject to Section s 2.12(b) and (f) hereof, the Owner Trustee shall not have the power to commence a voluntary proceeding in a bankruptcy relating to the Trust without the prior approval of the Residual Interest Owner and the delivery to the Owner Trustee by such Residual Interest Owner of a certificate certifying that such Residual Interest Owner reasonably believes that the Trust is insolvent. 
		 Restrictions on Residual Interest Owner s Power . 
		 
			 The Residual Interest Owner shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take or to refrain from taking any action if such action or inaction would be contrary to any obligation of the Trust or the Owner Trustee under this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents or would be contrary to the purpose of this Trust as set forth in Section 2.03(a) hereof, nor shall the Owner Trustee be obligated to follow any such direction, if given. 

ARTICLE V. 

APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES 
 Establishment of Certificate Distribution Account . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee has previously caused the Servicer, for the benefit of the Certificateholders, to establish and maintain with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association for the benefit of the Owner Trustee, a trust account (the Certificate Distribution Account which, while the Trust Paying Agent holds such account, shall be entitled CERTIFICATE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT, U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUST PAYING AGENT, FOR THE BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I, RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE. Funds shall be deposited in the Certificate Distribution Account as required by the Indenture, or following satisfaction or release of the Indenture. 

Section 5.01. 

Application of Trust Funds . 

(a) 

On each Payment Date, the Trust Paying Agent shall distribute amounts on deposit in the Certificate Distribution Account to the holder of the Residual Interest Certificate. 

(b) 

On each Payment Date, the Trust Paying Agent shall send to the Residual Interest Owner the statement or statements provided to the Owner Trustee by the Servicer pursuant to Section 5.5 of the Indenture with respect to such Payment Date. 

(c) 

In the event that any withholding tax is imposed on the Trust s payment (or allocation of income) to the Residual Interest Owner, such tax shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable to the Residual Interest Owner in accordance with this Section. The Trust Paying Agent is hereby authorized and directed to retain from amounts otherwise distributable to the Residual Interest Owner sufficient funds for the payment of tax that is legally owed by the Trust (but such authorization shall not prevent the Owner Trustee from contesting any such tax in appropriate proceedings, and withholding payment of such tax, if permitted by law, pending the outcome of such proceedings). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to the Residual Interest Owner shall be treated as cash distributed to such Residual Interest Owner at the time it is withheld by the Trust and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. If there is a possibility that 

17 

KL2 3304888.6 

withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution, the Trust Paying Agent may in its sole discretion withhold such amounts in accordance with this paragraph (c). 
 Method of Payment . 
		 
			 Subject to Section 9.01(c) hereof respecting the final payment upon retirement of the Residual Interest Certificate, distributions required to be made to the Residual Interest Owner of record on the related Record Date shall be made by check mailed to such Residual Interest Owner at the address of such Residual Interest Owner appearing in the Certificate Register. Alternatively, the Residual Interest Owner may elect to have such amounts remitted via wire transfer. 
		 No Segregation of Moneys; No Interest . 
		 
			 Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 hereof, moneys received by the Trust Paying Agent hereunder and deposited into the Certificate Distribution Account will be segregated except to the extent required otherwise by law and shall be invested in Eligible Investments maturing no later than one Business Day prior to the related Payment Date at the direction of the Depositor. The Trust Paying Agent shall not be liable for payment of any interest or losses in respect of such moneys. Investment gains shall be for the account of and paid to the Residual Interest Owner. 
		 Accounting and Reports to the Certificateholder, the Internal Revenue Service and Others . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall (a) maintain (or cause to be maintained) the books of the Trust on a calendar year basis and the accrual method of accounting, (b) deliver to the Residual Interest Owner, as may be required by the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations, such information as may be required to enable the Residual Interest Owner to prepare its federal, state and local income tax returns, (c) file such tax returns, if necessary, relating to the Trust and make such elections as from time to time may be required or appropriate under any applicable federal, state or local statute or any rule or regulation thereunder so as to maintain the U.S. federal, state and local income tax treatment for the Trust as set forth in Section 2.11 hereof, (d) cause such tax returns to be prepared and signed in the manner required by law and (e) collect and remit or cause to be collected or remitted any withholding tax as described in and in accordance with Section 5.02(c) hereof with respect to income or distributions to the Residual Interest Owner. 

Section 5.02. 

Signature on Returns; Tax Matters Partner . 

(a) 

The Residual Interest Owner shall sign on behalf of the Trust the tax returns of the Trust, if any. 

(b) 

If Subchapter K of the Code should be applicable to the Trust, the Residual Interest Owner shall be designated the tax matters partner or partnership representative of the Trust pursuant to the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations. 

ARTICLE VI. 

AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE 
 General Authority . 
		 
			 Subject to the provisions and limitations of Sections 2.03 and 2.06 hereof, the Owner Trustee is authorized and directed to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which the Trust is to be a party and each certificate or other Document attached as an exhibit to or contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which the Trust is to 

18 

KL2 3304888.6 

be a party and any amendment or other agreement, as evidenced conclusively by the Owner Trustee s execution thereof. In addition to the foregoing, the Owner Trustee is authorized, but shall not be obligated, to take all actions required of the Trust pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
		 General Duties . 
		 
			 It shall be the duty of the Owner Trustee to discharge (or cause to be discharged) all of its responsibilities pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Trust is a party and to administer the Trust in the interest of the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner, subject to the Transaction Documents and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have discharged its duties and responsibilities hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to the extent the Administrator has agreed in the Administration Agreement or another Transaction Document to perform any act or to discharge any duty of the Owner Trustee or the Trust under any Transaction Document, and the Owner Trustee shall not be personally liable for the default or failure of the Administrator to carry out its obligations under the Administration Agreement. 

Section 6.01. 

Action Upon Instruction . 

(a) 

Subject to Article IV hereof, in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, the Trust Owner may by written instruction direct the Owner Trustee in the management of the Trust . 

(b) 

Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action hereunder or under any other Transaction Document if the Owner Trustee shall have reasonably determined, or shall have been advised by counsel, that such action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Owner Trustee or is contrary to the terms hereof or of any other Transaction Documents or is otherwise contrary to law. 

(c) 

Whenever the Owner Trustee is unable to decide between alternative courses of action permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement or under any other Transaction Document , the Owner Trustee shall promptly give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the circumstances) to the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner requesting instruction as to the course of action to be adopted, and to the extent the Owner Trustee acts in good faith in accordance with any written instruction of the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable on account of such action to any Person. If the Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate instruction within ten days of such notice (or within such shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking such action not inconsistent with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as it shall deem to be in the best interests of the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction. 

(d) 

In the event that the Owner Trustee is unsure as to the applicability of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any such provision is ambiguous as to its application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with any other applicable provision, or in the event that this Agreement permits any determination by the Owner Trustee or is silent or incomplete as 

19 

KL2 3304888.6 

to the course of action that the Owner Trustee is required to take with respect to a particular set of facts, the Owner Trustee may give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the circumstances) to the Residual Interest Owner requesting instruction and, to the extent that the Owner Trustee, in good faith, acts or refrains from acting in accordance with any such instruction received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable, on account of such action or inaction, to any Person. If the Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate instruction within ten days of such notice (or within such shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking such action not inconsistent with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, as it shall deem to be in the best interests of the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction. 

(e) 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action in any jurisdiction other than in the State of Delaware if the taking of such action will (i) require the registration with, licensing by or the taking of any other similar action in respect of, any state or other governmental authority or agency of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware by or with respect to the Owner Trustee; (ii) result in any fee, tax or other governmental charge under the laws of any jurisdiction or an political subdivisions thereof in existence on the date hereof other than the State of Delaware being payable by the Owner Trustee; or (iii) subject the Owner Trustee to personal jurisdiction in any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware for causes of action arising from acts unrelated to the consummation of the transactions by the Owner Trustee contemplated in this Agreement. In the event that the Owner Trustee has determined that any action set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) above will result in the consequences stated therein, the Owner Trustee shall appoint one or more Persons to act as co-trustee pursuant to Section 10.05 hereof. 
 No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to manage, make any payment with respect to, register, record, sell, dispose of or otherwise deal with the Trust Estate, or to otherwise take or refrain from taking any action under, or in connection with, any document contemplated hereby to which the Owner Trustee is a party, except as expressly provided by the terms of this Agreement or any document or written instruction received by the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03 hereof; and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement or any other Transaction Document against the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder or to prepare or file any Commission filing for the Trust or to record this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Owner Trustee nevertheless agrees that it will, at its own cost and expense, promptly take all action as may be necessary to discharge any liens on any part of the Trust Estate that result from actions by, or claims against, the Owner Trustee that are not related to the ownership or the administration of the Trust Estate. 
		 No Action Except Under Specified Documents or Instructions . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall not manage, control, use, sell, dispose of or otherwise deal with any part of the Trust Estate except (i) in accordance with the powers granted to and the authority conferred upon the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) in accordance with the other Transaction 

20 

KL2 3304888.6 

Documents and (iii) in accordance with any document or instruction delivered to the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03 hereof. 
		 Restrictions . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall not take any action (i) that is inconsistent with the purposes of the Trust set forth in Section 2.03 hereof or (ii) that, to the actual Knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee, would result in the Trust s becoming taxable as a taxable mortgage pool or an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal, or applicable state or local income tax purposes. Neither the Trust Owner nor the Residual Interest Owner shall direct the Owner Trustee to take actions that would violate the provisions of this Section. 

ARTICLE VII. 

CONCERNING THE OWNER TRUSTEE 
 Acceptance of Trusts and Duties . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee accepts the trusts hereby created and agrees to perform its duties hereunder with respect to such trusts but only upon the terms of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee also agrees to disburse all moneys actually received by it constituting part of the Trust Estate upon the terms of the Transaction Documents and this Agreement. The Owner Trustee shall not be answerable or accountable hereunder or under any other Transaction Document under any circumstances, except (i) for its own willful misconduct or negligence or (ii) in the case of the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in Section 7.03 hereof expressly made by the Owner Trustee. In particular, but not by way of limitation (and subject to the exceptions set forth in the preceding sentence); 

(a) 

the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made by a responsible officer of the Owner Trustee which did not result from negligence on the part of such responsible officer; 

(b) 

the Owner Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with the instructions of the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner; 

(c) 

no provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall require the Owner Trustee to expend or risk funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its rights or powers hereunder or under any Transaction Document if the Owner Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured or provided to it; 

(d) 

under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be liable for indebtedness evidenced by or arising under any of the Transaction Documents, including the principal of and interest on the Notes; 

(e) 

the Owner Trustee shall not be responsible for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or for the due execution hereof by the Depositor or for the form, character, genuineness, sufficiency, value or validity of any of the Trust Estate, or for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of the Transaction Documents, other than the certificate of authentication on the Trust Certificate and the Residual Interest Certificate, and the Owner Trustee shall in no event assume or incur any liability, duty, or obligation to any Noteholder or to the Trust Owner or 

21 

KL2 3304888.6 

the Residual Interest Owner, other than as expressly provided for herein or expressly agreed to in the Transaction Documents; and 

(f) 

the Owner Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by the Agreement, or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation under this Agreement or otherwise or in relation to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, at the request, order or direction of the Trust Owner or the Residual Interest Owner unless such Trust Owner or the Residual Interest Owner has offered to the Owner Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred by the Owner Trustee therein or thereby. The right of the Owner Trustee to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document shall not be construed as a duty, and the Owner Trustee shall not be answerable for other than its negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of any such act. 
 Furnishing of Documents . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall furnish to the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner promptly upon receipt of a written request therefor, duplicates or copies of all reports, notices, requests, demands, certificates, financial statements and any other instruments furnished to the Owner Trustee under the Transaction Documents. 
		 Representations and Warranties of the Trust Company . 
		 
			 The Trust Company hereby represents and warrants to the Depositor and the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner that: 

(g) 

It is a banking corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. It has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(h) 

It has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be executed and delivered by one of its officers who is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on its behalf. 

(i) 

Neither the execution nor the delivery by it of this Agreement, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance by it with any of the terms or provisions hereof will contravene any federal or Delaware law, governmental rule or regulation governing the banking or trust powers of the Trust Company or any judgment or order binding on it, or constitute any default under its charter documents or bylaws or any indenture, mortgage, contract, agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which any of its properties may be bound or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance on the Trust Estate resulting from actions by or claims against the Trust Company individually which are unrelated to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 7.02. 

Reliance; Advice of Counsel . 

(a) 

The Owner Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, request, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Owner Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has 

22 

KL2 3304888.6 

been duly adopted by such body and that the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the method of determination of which is not specifically prescribed herein, the Owner Trustee may for all purposes hereof rely on a certificate, signed by the president or any vice president or by the treasurer or other authorized officers of the relevant party, as to such fact or matter and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Owner Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon. 

(b) 

In the exercise or administration of the trusts hereunder and in the performance of its duties and obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, the Owner Trustee (i) may act directly or through its agents or attorneys pursuant to agreements entered into by any of them, and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the conduct or misconduct of such agents or attorneys as shall have been selected by the Owner Trustee with reasonable care and (ii) may consult with counsel, accountants and other skilled persons to be selected with reasonable care and employed by it. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the written opinion or advice of any such counsel, accountants or other such persons. 
 Not Acting in Individual Capacity . 
		 
			 Except as provided in this Article VII, in accepting the trusts hereby created, Wilmington Trust Company acts solely as Owner Trustee hereunder and not in its individual capacity, and all Persons having any claim against the Owner Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall look only to the Trust Estate for payment or satisfaction thereof. 
		 Owner Trustee Not Liable for Trust Certificate, Residual Interest Certificate, Notes or Timeshare Loans . 
		 
			 The recitals contained herein and in the Trust Certificate and the Residual Interest Certificate (other than the signature and countersignature of the Owner Trustee and the certificate of authentication on such Certificates) shall be taken as the statements of the Depositor, and neither the Owner Trustee nor the Trust Owner assumes responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Owner Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or the Certificates (other than the signature and countersignature of the Owner Trustee and the certificate of authentication on the Certificates) or the Notes, or of any Timeshare Loan or related documents. The Owner Trustee shall at no time have any responsibility or liability for or with respect to the legality, validity and enforceability of any Timeshare Loan, or the perfection and priority of any security interest in any security relating to a Timeshare Loan or the maintenance of any such perfection and priority, or for or with respect to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate or its ability to generate the payments to be distributed to the Residual Interest Owner under this Agreement or the Noteholders under the Indenture, including, without limitation, the existence, condition and ownership of any Timeshare Loan; the existence and enforceability of any insurance thereon; the existence and contents of any Timeshare Loan on any computer or other record thereof; the validity of the assignment of any Timeshare Loan to the Trust or of any intervening assignment; the completeness of any Timeshare Loan; the performance or enforcement of any Timeshare Loan; the compliance by the Depositor or the Servicer with any warranty or representation made under any Transaction Document or in any related document or the accuracy of any such warranty or representation; or any action of the Servicer or any subservicer taken in the name of the Owner Trustee. 

23 

KL2 3304888.6 

Owner Trustee May Own Certificates and Notes . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of the Certificates or Notes and may deal with the Depositor, the Trust Owner, the Residual Interest Owner, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer in banking transactions with the same rights as it would have if it were not Owner Trustee. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

COMPENSATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE 
 Owner Trustee s Fees and Expenses . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall receive as compensation for its services hereunder such fees as are provided for and paid pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Indenture. Additionally, in accordance with Section 3.4 of the Indenture, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed for its other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses hereunder, including the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of such agents, representatives, experts and counsel as the Owner Trustee may employ in connection with the exercise and performance of its rights and its duties hereunder. The Owner Trustee s right to enforce such obligations shall be subject to the provisions of Section 11.08 hereof. 
		 Indemnification . 
		 
			 The Depositor shall be liable as primary obligor for, and shall indemnify the Trust Company and its successors, assigns and servants (collectively, the Indemnified Parties from and against, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, taxes, claims, actions and suits, and any and all reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, Expenses which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Owner Trustee or any Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the Trust Estate, the administration of the Trust Estate or the action or inaction of the Owner Trustee hereunder, except only that the Depositor shall not be liable for or required to indemnify an Indemnified Party from and against Expenses arising or resulting from the Owner Trustee s own willful misconduct or negligence or any inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in Section 7.03 hereof expressly made by the Owner Trustee . The indemnities contained in this Section shall survive the resignation or termination of the Owner Trustee or the termination of this Agreement. In the event of any claim, action or proceeding for which indemnity will be sought pursuant to this Section 8.02, the Owner Trustee s choice of legal counsel shall be subject to the approval of the Depositor, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
		 Payments to the Owner Trustee . 
		 
			 Any amounts paid to the Owner Trustee or the Trust Company pursuant to this Article VIII shall be deemed not to be a part of the Trust Estate immediately after such payment. 

24 

KL2 3304888.6 

ARTICLE IX. 

TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT 

Section 9.01. 

Termination of Trust Agreement . 

(a) 

The Trust shall dissolve upon written notice, which shall be provided by the Trust Owner to the Owner Trustee, only after the earlier of (i) the day on which the rights of all Notes to receive payments from the Issuer have terminated in accordance with the Indenture and final distribution of payments to the Residual Interest Certificates as required hereunder (the Trust Termination Date and (ii) dissolution of the Trust in accordance with applicable laws. After satisfaction of liabilities of the Trust as provided by applicable law, any money or other property held as part of the Trust Estate following such distribution shall be distributed to the Trust Owner. The bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, termination, death or incapacity of the Trust Owner shall not (x) operate to terminate this Agreement or annul, dissolve or terminate the Trust, or (y) entitle the Trust Owner s legal representatives or heirs to claim an accounting or to take any action or proceeding in any court for a partition or winding up of all or any part of the Trust or Trust Estate or (z) otherwise affect the rights, obligations and liabilities of the parties hereto. 

(b) 

Except as provided in Section 9.0l(a) hereof, neither the Depositor nor any Certificateholder shall be entitled to revoke or terminate the Trust. 

(c) 

Notice of any dissolution of the Trust, specifying the Payment Date upon which the Residual Interest Owner shall surrender its Residual Interest Certificate to the Trust Paying Agent for payment of the final distribution and cancellation, shall be given by the Owner Trustee by letter to the Certificateholder mailed within five Business Days of receipt of notice of termination from the Servicer, stating (i) the Payment Date upon or with respect to which final payment of the Residual Interest Certificate shall be made upon presentation and surrender of the Residual Interest Certificate at the office of the Trust Paying Agent therein designated, (ii) the amount of any such final payment and (iii) that the Record Date otherwise applicable to such Payment Date is not applicable, payments being made only upon presentation and surrender of the Residual Interest Certificate at the office of the Trust Paying Agent therein specified. The Owner Trustee shall give such notice to the Certificate Registrar (if other than the Owner Trustee) and the Trust Paying Agent at the time such notice is given to the Residual Interest Owner. Upon presentation and surrender of the Residual Interest Certificates, the Trust Paying Agent shall cause to be distributed to the Residual Interest Owner amounts distributable on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 5.02 hereof. 

(d) 

In the event that the Residual Interest Owner shall not surrender its Residual Interest Certificate for cancellation within six months after the date specified in the above mentioned written notice, the Owner Trustee shall give a second written notice to such Residual Interest Owner to surrender its Residual Interest Certificate for cancellation and receive the final distribution with respect thereto. If within one year after the second notice the Residual Interest Certificate shall not have been surrendered for cancellation, the Owner Trustee may take appropriate steps, or may appoint an agent to take appropriate steps, to contact the Residual Interest Owner concerning surrender of its Residual Interest Certificate, and the cost thereof shall be paid out of the funds and other assets that shall remain subject to this Agreement. Any funds remaining 

25 

KL2 3304888.6 

in the Trust after exhaustion of such remedies shall be distributed by the Owner Trustee to the Depositor. 

(e) 

Upon the winding up of the Trust and payment of all liabilities in accordance with Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Statute, the Owner Trustee shall cause the Certificate of Trust to be canceled by filing a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of Section 3810 of the Statutory Trust Statute at which time the Trust shall terminate. 

ARTICLE X. 

SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES 
 Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee shall at all times be a corporation satisfying the provisions of Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Statute; authorized to exercise corporate trust powers; and having a combined capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000 and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities; and having (or having a parent that has) a rating of at least Baa3 by Moody s. If such corporation shall publish reports of condition at least annually pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for the purpose of this Section 10.01, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. Any Person meeting the requirements for an owner trustee under this Section 10.01 is referred to herein as Eligible Owner Trustee . In case at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, the Owner Trustee shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in Section 10.02 hereof. 
		 Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee may at any time resign and be discharged from the trusts hereby created by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Depositor and the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Depositor shall promptly appoint a successor Owner Trustee, which successor shall be an Eligible Owner Trustee, by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Owner Trustee and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee. If no successor Owner Trustee shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Owner Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Owner Trustee which shall be an Eligible Owner Trustee. 

If at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.01 hereof and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Trust Owner, or if at any time the Owner Trustee shall be legally unable to act, or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Owner Trustee or of its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Owner Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then the Indenture Trustee, may remove the Owner Trustee. If the Indenture Trustee shall remove the Owner Trustee under the authority of the immediately preceding sentence, the Depositor shall promptly appoint a successor Owner Trustee which shall be an Eligible Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which 

26 

KL2 3304888.6 

instrument shall be delivered to the outgoing Owner Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee, and shall pay all fees owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee. 

Any resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee and appointment of a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.03 hereof and payment of all fees and expenses owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee. 
		 Successor Owner Trustee . 
		 
			 Any successor Owner Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 10.02 hereof shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor, and to its predecessor Owner Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment under this Agreement, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor Owner Trustee shall become effective, and such successor Owner Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor under this Agreement, with like effect as if originally named as Owner Trustee. The predecessor Owner Trustee shall upon payment of its fees and expenses deliver to the successor Owner Trustee all documents and statements and monies held by it under this Agreement; and the Depositor, Indenture Trustee and the predecessor Owner Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments and do such other things as may reasonably be required for fully and certainly vesting and confirming in the successor Owner Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations. 

No successor Owner Trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Owner Trustee shall be an Eligible Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.01 hereof. 

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Depositor shall mail notice thereof to the Certificateholders, the Indenture Trustee, the Funding Agents and the Noteholders. If the Depositor shall fail to mail such notice within ten Business Days after acceptance of such appointment by the successor Owner Trustee, the successor Owner Trustee shall cause such notice to be mailed at the expense of the Depositor. 
		 Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee . 
		 
			 Any corporation into which the Owner Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Owner Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Owner Trustee, shall be the successor of the Owner Trustee hereunder, without the execution or filing of any instrument or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding; provided, that such corporation shall be eligible pursuant to Section 10.01 hereof. 
		 Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee . 
		 
			 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Owner Trustee shall have the power and shall execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons approved by the Owner Trustee to act as co-trustee, jointly with the Owner Trustee, or as separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person, in such capacity, such title to the Trust or any part thereof and, subject to the other provisions of 

27 

KL2 3304888.6 

this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Owner Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee under this Agreement shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.01 hereof and no notice of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required pursuant to Section 10.03 hereof. 

Each separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions: 

(a) 

all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Owner Trustee shall be conferred upon and exercised or performed by the Owner Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Owner Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed, the Owner Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Trust Estate or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the Owner Trustee; 

(b) 

no trustee under this Agreement shall be personally liable by reason of any such act or omission of any other trustee under this Agreement; and 

(c) 

the Owner Trustee acting jointly may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or co-trustee. 

Any notice, request or other writing given to the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Agreement and the conditions of this Article X. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Owner Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of or affording protection to, the Owner Trustee. Each such instrument shall be filed with the Owner Trustee and a copy thereof given to the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and the Funding Agents. 

Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time appoint the Owner Trustee as its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts hall vest in and be exercised by the Owner Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor co-trustee or separate trustee. 

28 

KL2 3304888.6 

ARTICLE XI. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
 Supplements and Amendments . 
		 
			 This Agreement may be amended from time to time, by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by the Trust Owner, Residual Interest Owner and the Owner Trustee, with the written consent of the Indenture Trustee, but without the consent of any of the Noteholders, to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provisions in this Agreement or for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided , however , that such amendment will not (i) as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel addressed and delivered to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder or the Trust Owner or Residual Interest Owner and (ii) as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel addressed and delivered to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, cause the Trust to be classified as a taxable mortgage pool or an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; provided, further, that Section 2.03 hereof may be amended only with the consent of the Holders of Notes representing a majority of the then Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance. Additionally, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this Agreement may be amended by the Trust Owner, Residual Interest Owner and the Owner Trustee without the consent of the Indenture Trustee or any of the Noteholders to add, modify or eliminate such provisions as may be necessary or advisable in order to enable all or a portion of the Trust to avoid the imposition of state or local income or franchise taxes imposed on the Trust Estate or its income; provided, however, that (i) the Trust Owner must deliver to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee an Officer s Certificate to the effect that the proposed amendments meet the requirements set forth in this subsection and (ii) such amendment does not affect the rights, benefits, protections, privileges, immunities, duties or obligations of the Owner Trustee hereunder. 

This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by the Trust Owner, Residual Interest Owner and the Owner Trustee, with the consent of the Indenture Trustee and Holders representing a majority of the then Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided , however , that without the consent of all Noteholders, no such amendment shall (a) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of distributions that are required to be made for the benefit of the Noteholders or (b) reduce the aforesaid percentage of the Outstanding amount of the Notes, the Holders of which are required to consent to any such amendment; provided , further , that such amendment will not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel addressed and delivered to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, cause the Trust to be classified as a taxable mortgage pool or an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Prior to the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Depositor shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment or consent, together with a copy thereof, to the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor and the Funding Agents. 

29 

KL2 3304888.6 

Promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Trust Owner shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment or consent to the Indenture Trustee. 

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Noteholders pursuant to this Section 11.01 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or consent, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. 

Promptly after the execution of any amendment to the Certificate of Trust, the Owner Trustee shall cause the filing of such amendment with the Secretary of State. 

The Owner Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Officer s Certificate of the Trust Owner to the effect that the conditions to amendment have been satisfied. 

The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into, and unless it has consented thereto in writing shall not be bound by, any amendment which affects the Owner Trustee s own rights, duties, benefits, protections, privileges or immunities (as such or in its individual capacity) under this Agreement or otherwise. 
		 No Legal Title to Trust Estate in Trust Owner . 
		 
			 The Trust Owner shall not have legal title to any part of the Trust Estate. The Residual Interest Owner shall be entitled to receive distributions with respect to its undivided residual economic interest herein only in accordance with Articles V and IX hereof. No transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, of any right, title or interest of the Trust Owner or the Residual Interest Owner to and in their respective interests in the Trust Estate shall operate to terminate this Agreement or the trusts hereunder or entitle any transferee to an accounting or to the transfer to it of legal title to any part of the Trust Estate. 
		 Limitations on Rights of Others . 
		 
			 Except for Section 2.07 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Owner Trustee, the Depositor, the Trust Owner, the Residual Interest Owner and, to the extent expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, and nothing in this Agreement (other than Section 2.07 hereof), whether express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim in the Trust Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein. 
		 Notices . 
		 
			 All notices, demands, certificates, requests and communications hereunder Notices shall be in writing and shall be effective (a) upon receipt when sent through the U.S. mails, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, with such receipt to be effective the date of delivery indicated on the return receipt, or (b) one Business Day after delivery to an overnight courier, or (c) on the date personally delivered to an Authorized Officer of the party to which sent or (d) on the date transmitted by legible facsimile transmission with a confirmation of receipt, in all cases addressed to the recipient as follows: 

30 

KL2 3304888.6 

If to the Servicer: 

Bluegreen Vacations Corporation 
					 
						 4960 Conference Way North, Suite 100 
					 
						 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 
					 
						 Attention: Raymond S. Lopez, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, CFO and Treasurer 
					 
						 Email: 

If to the Depositor or Residual Interest Owner: 

Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I 
					 
						 4950 Communication Avenue, Suite 900 
					 
						 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 
					 
						 Attn: Paul Humphrey, President 
					 
						 Email: paul.humphrey@bluegreenvacations.com 

If to the Owner Trustee: 

Wilmington Trust Company 
					 
						 1100 North Market Street 
					 
						 Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001 
					 
						 Attn: Corporate Trust Administration 
					 
						 Email: bmccammon@wilmingtontrust.com 
					 
						 Fax: (302) 636-4140 

If to the Indenture Trustee: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 190 S. LaSalle St., 7 th Floor MK-IL-SL7C Chicago, IL 60603 Phone: (312) 332- 7465 Email: ma ritza.hernandez1@usbank.com Attention: Global Structured Finance BXG Timeshare Trust I 

If to the Trust Owner: 

GSS Holdings, Inc. 
					 
						 114 West 47 th Street 
					 
						 Suite 1715 
					 
						 New York, New York 10036 
					 
						 Attn: Kevin P. Burns 
					 
						 Email: jrangelo@gssnyc.com 
					 
						 Fax: (212) 302-8767 

If to the Funding Agents: 

At the addresses set forth in such Funding Agent s respective Joinder Supplement or Transfer Supplement to the Note Funding Agreement 

Each party hereto may, by notice given in accordance herewith to each of the other parties hereto, designate any further or different address to which subsequent notices shall be sent. 
		 Severability of Provisions . 
		 
			 If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions, or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid 

31 

KL2 3304888.6 

then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement or of the Certificates or the rights of the Certificateholders thereof. 
		 Counterparts . 
		 
			 This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission (i.e., a pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
		 Successors and Assigns . 
		 
			 All Trust Owner covenants and agreements contained herein shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, each of the Depositor, and the Owner Trustee and their respective successors and permitted assigns and the Trust Owner and the Residual Interest Owner and their respective successors and permitted assigns, all as herein provided. Any request, notice, direction, consent, waiver or other instrument or action by the Trust Owner or the Residual Interest Owner shall bind the successors and assigns of the Trust Owner or the Residual Interest Owner, as the case may be. 
		 No Petition . 
		 
			 The Owner Trustee, by entering into this Agreement, each Certificateholder, by accepting a Certificate, and the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder, by accepting the benefits of this Agreement, hereby covenant and agree that they will not at any time institute against the Depositor or the Trust, or join in any institution against the Depositor, or the Trust of, any bankruptcy proceedings under any United Sates federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Certificates, the Notes, this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents. 
		 No Recourse . 
		 
			 Each Certificateholder by accepting a Certificate acknowledges that such Certificateholder s Certificate represents equity (in the case of the Trust Certificate) or residual economic (in the case of the Residual Interest Certificate) interests in the Trust only and do not represent interests in or obligations of the Depositor, the Servicer, the Originators, the Seller, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of the respective Affiliates and no recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as may be expressly set forth or contemplated in this Agreement, the Certificates or the other Transaction Documents. The Trust Owner by accepting the Trust Certificate acknowledges that such Trust Certificate represents an equity (but not economic) interest in the Trust and the Trust Estate only and does not represent an economic interest in the Trust or the Trust Estate or an interest in or an obligation of the Depositor, the Servicer, the Originators, the Seller, the Owner Trustee or any Affiliate of the foregoing, and no recourse may be had against any such party or their assets, except as may be expressly set forth or contemplated in the Transaction Documents. 

Section 11.01. 

Headings . 

The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

32 

KL2 3304888.6 

Entire Agreement/Governing Law . 
		 
			 THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND SUPERSEDES AND REPLACES IN ITS ENTIRETY ANY PRIOR AGREEMENTS REGARDING THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AMONG THE PARTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE THIRD AMENDED TRUST AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED IN THE RECITALS TO THIS AGREEMENT). THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 
		 Trust Certificate Transfer Restrictions . 
		 
			 The Trust Certificate may not be acquired by or for the account of or with assets of a Benefit Plan. By accepting and holding a Trust Certificate, the Certificateholder thereof shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is not a Benefit Plan and is not acquiring such Trust Certificate for the account of or with assets of a Benefit Plan. 
		 Extraordinary Transactions . 
		 
			 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and any provision of law that otherwise so empowers the Trust, the Trust shall not without the affirmative vote of 100 of the Trust Owner and the Owner Trustee: 

(a) 

engage in any business or activity other than in accordance with Article II hereof; 

(b) 

incur any indebtedness, or assume or guarantee any indebtedness of any other person or entity, other than in connection with the activities described in Article II hereof; 

(c) 

dissolve or liquidate, in whole or in part; 

(d) 

consolidate with or merge into any other person or entity or sell, convey or transfer all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any other person or entity or acquire all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock or other ownership interest of any other person or entity; 

(e) 

institute proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent; or consent to the institution of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings against it; or file a petition seeking, or consent to, reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or readjustment of debts; or consent to the appointment of a receiver, conservator, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Trust or a substantial part of its property; or make any assignment for the benefit of creditors; or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or take any corporate action in furtherance of any such action; or 

(f) 

authorize any amendment to this Section 11.13 or Articles II or IV hereof. 

When voting on whether the Trust will take any action described in paragraph (e) of this Section 11.13, each controlling person of the Residual Interest Owner shall owe its primary fiduciary duty or other obligation to the Trust (including, without limitation, the Trust s creditors) and not to its sole shareholder (except as may be specifically required by applicable law). The 

33 

KL2 3304888.6 

Trust shall be deemed to have consented to the foregoing by virtue of such Residual Interest Owner s consent to this Agreement. 

34 

KL2 3304888.6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written. 

BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE 

CORPORATION I, as Depositor and 

Residual Interest Owner 

By: 

Printed Name: 

Title: 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, 

as Owner Trustee 

By: _ 

Printed Name: 

Title: 

GSS Holdings, Inc., 

as Trust Owner 

By: _ 

Printed Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement] 

The foregoing Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement is consented to by: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee 

By: ____________________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

[Consent Page to Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement] 

KL2 3304888.6 

ANNEX A 

STANDARD DEFINITIONS 

Annex A 

KL2 3304888.6 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRUST OF 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I 

This Certificate of Trust of BXG Timeshare Trust I (the Trust ), dated [DATE], is being duly executed and filed by Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation, as Owner Trustee, to form a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (12 Del. Code, 3801, et seq. ). 

1. 
			 Name . The name of the trust formed hereby is BXG Timeshare Trust I. 

2. 
			 Delaware Trustee . The name and business address of the Owner Trustee of the Trust in the State of Delaware is Wilmington Trust Company, Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being the sole Owner Trustee of the Trust, has executed this Certificate of Trust as of the date first above written. 

Wilmington Trust Company, 

not in its individual capacity but solely as 

Owner Trustee 

By: 

Printed Name: 

Title: 

A- 1 

KL2 3304888.6 

EXHIBIT B-1 

FORM 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE IS SUBORDINATED IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO THE NOTES TO THE EXTENT DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN. 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE DOES NOT REPRESENT AN OBLIGATION OF OR AN INTEREST IN BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SET FORTH IN THE TRUST AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED BELOW). THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR PLEDGED UNLESS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 3.04 OF THE TRUST AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN COMPLIED WITH. 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE IS TRANSFERABLE ONLY IN WHOLE AND NOT IN PART. 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST CERTIFICATE 

NO. 1 

THIS CERTIFIES THAT GSS HOLDINGS, INC. is the registered owner of 100 of the nonassessable, fully-paid, fractional undivided non-economic interest in the BXG Timeshare Trust I (the Trust formed by BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, a Delaware corporation (the Depositor ). 

The Trust was created pursuant to a Trust Agreement, dated May 5, 2006, among the Depositor, GSS Holdings, Inc., as trust owner (the Trust Owner and Wilmington Trust Company, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee ), as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2013, as further amended and restated by the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, and as further amended and restated by the Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , among the Depositor, the Trust Owner and the Owner Trustee (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the Trust Agreement ), a summary of certain of the 

B-1- 1 

KL2 3304888.6 

pertinent provisions of which is set forth below. To the extent not otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in (i) the Trust Agreement, (ii) the Third Amended and Restated Sale Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the Sale Agreement ), by and between the Trust and the Depositor, or (iii) the Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 30 , 2022 (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the Indenture ), by and among BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Issuer, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing LLC , as Backup Servicer , U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee and Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Custodian. 

This Third Amended and Restated Trust Certificate is the duly authorized Trust Certificate designated as BXG Timeshare Trust I Third Amended and Restated Trust Certificate (this Trust Certificate ). Also issued under the Indenture are the Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I (the Notes ). This Trust Certificate is issued under and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Trust Agreement, to which Trust Agreement the Certificateholder of this Trust Certificate by virtue of its acceptance hereof assents and by which such Certificateholder is bound. The Certificateholder of this Trust Certificate acknowledges and agrees that its rights, if any, to receive distributions in respect of this Trust Certificate are subordinated to the rights of the Noteholders to the extent described in the Indenture. 

It is the intent of the Servicer, the Depositor, Owner Trustee, Indenture Trustee and the Certificateholder that, for purposes of U.S. federal income tax and any other income taxes, the Trust will be disregarded as an entity separate from the sole Residual Interest Owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3(b)(1)(ii) and will not be treated as a taxable mortgage pool or an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. The Depositor and any Certificateholder, by acceptance of this Trust Certificate, agrees to such treatment, and to take no action inconsistent with such treatment of, the Trust for U.S. federal income tax and other income tax purposes. 

The Certificateholder, by its acceptance of this Trust Certificate or beneficial interest in a Trust Certificate, covenants and agrees that such Certificateholder will not at any time institute against the Trust or the Depositor, or join in any institution against the Trust or the Depositor any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to this Trust Certificate, the Notes, the Trust Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents. 

Distributions, if any, on this Trust Certificate will be made as provided in the Trust Agreement by the Owner Trustee or its agent by wire transfer or check mailed to the Certificateholder of record in the Certificate Register without the presentation or surrender of this Trust Certificate or the making of any notation hereon. Except as otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement and notwithstanding the above, the final distribution, if any, on this Trust Certificate will be made after due notice by the Owner Trustee of the pendency of such distribution and only upon presentation and surrender of this Trust Certificate at the office or agency maintained for that purposes by the Owner Trustee in the City of Wilmington, State of Delaware. 

B-1- 2 

KL2 3304888.6 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Trust Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been executed by an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee, by manual signature, this Trust Certificate shall not entitle the holder hereof to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or any other Transaction Document or be valid for any purpose. 

THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

B-1- 3 

KL2 3304888.6 

[REVERSE OF CERTIFICATE] 

This Trust Certificate does not represent an obligation of, or an interest in the Depositor, the Servicer, the Originators, the Seller, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of their respective Affiliates and no recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as expressly set forth or contemplated herein or in the Trust Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. In addition, this Trust Certificate is not guaranteed by any governmental agency or instrumentality and is limited in right, if any, of payment to certain collections and recoveries with respect to the Timeshare Loans and certain other amounts, in each case as more specifically set forth herein and in the Indenture. A copy of each of the Indenture and the Trust Agreement may be examined by any Certificateholder upon written request during normal business hours at the principal office of the Depositor and at such other places, if any, designated by the Depositor. 

The Trust Agreement permits, with certain exceptions therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Depositor and the rights of the Certificateholder under the Trust Agreement at any time by the Depositor and the Owner Trustee with the consent of the Holders representing a majority of the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance. Any such consent shall be conclusive and binding on the Certificateholder and on all future Certificateholders of this Trust Certificate and of any Trust Certificate issued upon the transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent is made upon this Trust Certificate. The Trust Agreement also permits the amendment thereof, in certain limited circumstances, without the consent of the Certificateholder of this Trust Certificate or any Noteholder. 

As provided in the Trust Agreement and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Trust Certificate is registerable in the Certificate Register upon surrender of this Trust Certificate for resignation of transfer at the offices or agencies of the Certificate Registrar maintained by the Owner Trustee in Wilmington, Delaware, accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar, executed by the Certificateholder hereof or such Certificateholder s attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon a new Trust Certificate evidencing the same aggregate interest in the Trust will be issued to the designated transferee. The initial Certificate Registrar appointed under the Trust Agreement is the Owner Trustee. 

Except as provided in the Trust Agreement, this Trust Certificate is issuable only as a registered Trust Certificate without coupons. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer of such Trust Certificate, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

The Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar and any of their respective agents may treat the Person in whose name this Trust Certificate is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or any such agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

The obligations and responsibilities created by the Trust Agreement and the Trust created thereby shall terminate upon the payment to Certificateholder of all amounts required to be paid 

B-1- 4 

KL2 3304888.6 

to such Certificateholder pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the Indenture and the deposition of all property held as part of the Trust Estate. The Servicer may at its option purchase the Trust Estate at the times and at the prices specified in the Indenture. 

This Trust Certificate may not be acquired by a Benefit Plan. By accepting and holding this Trust Certificate, the Certificateholder hereof, shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is not a Benefit Plan and is not acquiring this Trust Certificate or an interest therein for the account of, or with assets of, such an entity. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Trust and not in its individual capacity, has caused this Third Amended and Restated Trust Certificate to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I 

By: Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee 

By: ________________________________ Authorized Signatory 

OWNER TRUSTEE S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This Third Amended and Restated Trust Certificate is the Trust Certificate referred to in the within-mentioned Trust Agreement. 

By: Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee 

By: ________________________________ Authorized Signatory 

B-1- 5 

KL2 3304888.6 

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

(Please print or type name and address, including postal zip code, of assignee) 

______________________________________________________________________________ the within Third Amended and Restated Trust Certificate, and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing 

______________________________________________________________________________ to transfer said Third Amended and Restated Trust Certificate on the books of the Certificate Registrar, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated:____________ 

Signature Guaranteed: 

_____________________________________ NOTICE: Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution. 

______________________________________ NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Third Amended and Restated Trust Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

B-1- 6 

KL2 3304888.6 

EXHIBIT B-2 

FORM 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE IS SUBORDINATED IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO THE NOTES TO THE EXTENT DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN. 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE DOES NOT REPRESENT AN OBLIGATION OF OR AN INTEREST IN BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SET FORTH IN THE TRUST AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED BELOW). THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 , AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT , OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR PLEDGED UNLESS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 3.04 OF THE TRUST AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN COMPLIED WITH. 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE IS TRANSFERRABLE ONLY IN WHOLE AND NOT IN PART. 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE 

NO. 1 

THIS CERTIFIES THAT BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I is the registered owner of 100 of the residual economic interest in the BXG Timeshare Trust I (the Trust formed by BLUEGREEN TIMESHARE FINANCE CORPORATION I, a Delaware corporation (the Depositor ). 

The Trust was created pursuant to a Trust Agreement, dated May 5, 2006, among the Depositor, GSS Holdings, Inc., as trust owner (the Trust Owner and Wilmington Trust Company, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee ), as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2013, as further amended and restated by the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, and as further amended and restated by the Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of September 

B-2- 1 

KL2 3304888.6 

30 , 2022, among the Depositor, the Trust Owner and the Owner Trustee (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the Trust Agreement ), a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of which is set forth below . To the extent not otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in (i) the Trust Agreement, (ii) the Third Amended and Restated Sale Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the Sale Agreement ), by and between the Trust and the Depositor, or (iii) the Seventh Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 30 , 2022 as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the Indenture ), by and among BXG Timeshare Trust I, as Issuer, Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, as Servicer, Vacation Trust, Inc., as Club Trustee, Concord Servicing LLC , as Backup Servicer , U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee and Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Custodian. 

This Third Amended and Restated Residual Interest Certificate is the duly authorized Residual Interest Certificate designated as BXG Timeshare Trust I Third Amended and Restated Residual Interest Certificate (this Residual Interest Certificate ). Also issued under the Indenture are the Timeshare Loan-Backed VFN Notes, Series I (the Notes ). This Residual Interest Certificate is issued under and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Trust Agreement, to which Trust Agreement the Certificateholder of this Residual Interest Certificate by virtue of its acceptance hereof assents and by which such Certificateholder is bound. The Certificateholder of this Residual Interest Certificate acknowledges and agrees that its rights to receive distributions in respect of this Residual Interest Certificate are subordinated to the rights of the Noteholders to the extent described in the Sale Agreement and the Indenture. 

It is the intent of the Servicer, the Depositor, Owner Trustee, Indenture Trustee and the Certificateholder that, for purposes of U.S. federal income tax and any other income taxes, the Trust will be disregarded as an entity separate from the sole Residual Interest Owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3(b)(1)(ii) and will not be treated as a taxable mortgage pool or an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. The Depositor and any other Certificateholder, by acceptance of this Residual Interest Certificate, agrees to such treatment, and to take no action inconsistent with such treatment of, the Trust for U.S. federal income tax and any other income tax purposes. 

The Certificateholder, by its acceptance of this Residual Interest Certificate or beneficial interest in this Residual Interest Certificate, covenants and agrees that such Certificateholder will not at any time institute against the Trust or the Depositor, or join in any institution against the Trust or the Depositor any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to this Residual Interest Certificate, the Notes, the Trust Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents. 

Distributions on this Residual Interest Certificate will be made as provided in the Trust Agreement by the Owner Trustee or its agent by wire transfer or check mailed to the Certificateholder of record in the Certificate Registrar without the presentation or surrender of this Residual Interest Certificate or the making of any notation hereon. Except as otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement and notwithstanding the above, the final distribution on this Residual Interest Certificate will be made after due notice by the Owner Trustee of the pendency of such 

B-2- 2 

KL2 3304888.6 

distribution and only upon presentation and surrender of this Residual Interest Certificate at the office or agency maintained for that purpose by the Owner Trustee in the City of Wilmington, State of Delaware. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Residual Interest Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been executed by an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee, by manual signature, this Residual Interest Certificate shall not entitle the holder hereof to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or any other Transaction Document or be valid for any purpose. 

THIS RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

B-2- 3 

KL2 3304888.6 

[REVERSE OF CERTIFICATE] 

This Residual Interest Certificate does not represent an obligation of, or an interest in the Depositor, the Servicer, the Originators, the Seller, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of the respective Affiliates and no recourse may be had against such parties of their assets, except as expressly set forth or contemplated herein or in the Trust Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. In addition, this Residual Interest Certificate is not guaranteed by any governmental agency or instrumentality and is limited in right of payment to certain collections and recoveries with respect to the Timeshare Loans and certain other amounts, in each case as more specifically set forth herein and in the Indenture. A copy of each of the Indenture and the Trust Agreement may be examined by any Certificateholder upon written request during normal business hours at the principal office of the Depositor and at such other places, if any, designated by the Depositor. 

The Trust Agreement permits, with certain exceptions therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Depositor and the rights of the Certificateholder under the Trust Agreement at any time by the Depositor and the Owner Trustee with the consent of the Holders representing a majority of the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance. Any such consent shall be conclusive and binding on the Certificateholder and on all future Certificateholders of this Residual Interest Certificate and of any Residual Interest Certificate issued upon the transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent is made upon this Residual Interest Certificate. The Trust Agreement also permits the amendment thereof, in certain limited circumstances, without the consent of the Certificateholder of this Residual Interest Certificate or any Noteholder. 

As provided in the Trust Agreement and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Residual Interest Certificate is registerable in the Certificate Register upon surrender of this Residual Interest Certificate for registration of transfer at the offices or agencies of the Certificate Registrar maintained by the Owner Trustee in Wilmington, Delaware, accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar, executed by the Certificateholder hereof or such Certificateholder s attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon a new Residual Interest Certificate evidencing the same aggregate interest in the Trust will be issued to the designated transferee. The initial Certificate Registrar appointed under the Trust Agreement is the Owner Trustee. 

Except as provided in the Trust Agreement, this Residual Interest Certificate is issuable only as a registered Residual Interest Certificate without coupons. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer of this Residual Interest Certificate, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

The Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar and any of their respective agents may treat the Person in whose name this Residual Interest Certificate is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or any such agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

B-2- 4 

KL2 3304888.6 

The obligations and responsibilities created by the Trust Agreement and the Trust crated thereby shall terminate upon the payment to Certificateholder of all amounts required to be paid to such holder pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the Indenture and the deposition of all property held as part of the Trust Estate. The Servicer may at its option purchase the Trust Estate at the times and at the prices specified in the Indenture. 

This Residual Interest Certificate may not be acquired by a Benefit Plan. By accepting and holding this Residual Interest Certificate, the Certificateholder hereof shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is not a Benefit Plan and is not acquiring this Residual Interest Certificate or an interest therein for the account of, or with assets of, such an entity. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Trust and not in its individual capacity, has caused this Third Amended and Restated Residual Interest Certificate to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

BXG TIMESHARE TRUST I 

By: Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee 

By: __________________________________ Authorized Signatory 

OWNER TRUSTEE S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This Third Amended and Restated Residual Interest Certificate is the Residual Interest Certificate referred to in the within-mentioned Trust Agreement. 

By: Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee 

By: ________________________________ Authorized Signatory 

B-2- 5 

KL2 3304888.6 

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

(Please print or type name and address, including postal zip code, of assignee) 

______________________________________________________________________________ the within Third Amended and Restated Residual Interest Certificate, and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing 

______________________________________________________________________________ to transfer said Third Amended and Restated Residual Interest Certificate on the books of the Certificate Registrar, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated:____________ 

Signature Guaranteed: 

_______________________________________ NOTICE: Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution. 

______________________________________ NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Third Amended and Restated Residual Interest Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

B-2- 6 

KL2 3304888.6 

</EX-10.97>

<EX-10.98>
 7
 bvh-20221231xex10_98.htm
 EX-10.98

Exhibit 10.98 Eight Amended and Restated Standard Definitions

Final 

EIGH TH AMENDED AND RESTATED STANDARD DEFINITIONS 

Rules of Construction. In these Standard Definitions and with respect to the Transaction Documents (as defined below), (a) the meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms, (b) in any Transaction Document, the words hereof, herein, hereunder and similar words refer to such Transaction Document as a whole and not to any particular provisions of such Transaction Document, (c) any subsection, Section, Article, Annex, Schedule and Exhibit references in any Transaction Document are to such Transaction Document unless otherwise specified, (c) the term documents includes any and all documents, instruments, agreements, certificates, indentures, notices and other writings, however evidenced (including electronically), (d) the term including is not limiting and (except to the extent specifically provided otherwise) shall mean including (without limitation) , (e) unless otherwise specified, in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from shall mean from and including, the words to and until each shall mean to but excluding, and the word through shall mean to and including and (f) the words may and might and similar terms used with respect to the taking of an action by any Person shall reflect that such action is optional and not required to be taken by such Person. 

ACH Form shall mean the form of ACH authorization executed by Obligors. 

Act shall have the meaning specified in Section 1.4 of the Indenture. 

Additional Approved Opinion Resort shall mean a Resort (a) for which Bluegreen shall have provided such due diligence materials as the Funding Agents may reasonably request, (b) for which the Funding Agents shall have received a favorable written opinion of local counsel relating to such timeshare and real estate law issues as the Funding Agents may reasonably request and (c) for which the Funding Agents shall have approved in writing as a Resort for which the Seller and the Depositor may sell Timeshare Loans secured by Timeshare Properties at such Resort pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreement, respectively. 

Additional Approved Non-Opinion Resort shall mean a Resort (a) for which Bluegreen shall have provided such due diligence materials as the Funding Agents may reasonably request and (b) for which the Funding Agents shall have approved in writing as a Resort for which the Seller and the Depositor may sell Timeshare Loans secured by Timeshare Properties at such Resort pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the Sale Agreement, respectively. 

Additional Servicing Compensation shall mean any late fees related to late payments on the Timeshare Loans, any non-sufficient funds fees, any processing fees and any Liquidation Expenses collected by and due to the Servicer, any refunds paid by the Servicer as a result of overpayments on payoffs and any unpaid out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Servicer during the related Due Period. 

Adjusted EBITDA shall mean for any accounting period , without duplication, the Servicer s Income (Loss), plus for the same accounting period the sum of: (a) Other Interest Expense; (b) Provision (Benefit) For Income Taxes; (c) Depreciation and Amortization; (d) Stock Compensation Expense; (e) Non-Cash Intangible Asset Impairment Charges; (f) Long Term Incentive Compensation; (g) Severance; (h) to the extent deducted in calculating Income (Loss), 

non-cash charges and losses (excluding any such non-cash charges or losses to the extent (A) there were corresponding cash charges deducted in calculating Income (Loss) with respect to such charges and losses in past accounting periods or (B) there is a reasonable expectation that there will be corresponding cash charges deducted in calculating of Income (Loss) with respect to such charges and losses in future accounting periods); (i) to the extent deducted in calculating such Income (Loss), any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring cash charges, expenses or losses for such accounting period arising out of the Bass Pro Shops Dispute, including (i) charges associated with the cash settlement of the Bass Pro Shops Dispute and (ii) costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Servic er in connection with the Bass Pro Shops Dispute, including costs, fees and expenses relating to any advisors, legal counsel or counsels engaged by the Servic er in connection with of the Bass Pro Shops Dispute (net of the aggregate amount in respect of insurance or similar reimbursement, indemnity or other payments actually received in cash by the Servic er in connection with the settlement of the Bass Pro Shops Dispute); and (j) to the extent deducted in calculating Income (Loss), any non-recurring or otherwise unusual expenses, costs or charges incurred by the Servic er or its Subsidiaries during such accounting period; provided that the aggregate amount of all such expenses, costs or charges added back pursuant to this clause (j) shall not, in the aggregate in any applicable period, exceed 5 of Adjusted EBITDA in such period without the consent of the Required Noteholder s (calculated before giving effect to any adjustments pursuant to this clause (j)); less for the same accounting period the sum of (x) Other Interest Income, (y) Recoveries and (z) to the extent added in calculating Income (Loss), non-cash gains (excluding any such non-cash gains to the extent (A) there were corresponding cash gains added in calculating Income (Loss) with respect to such gains in past accounting periods or (B) there is a reasonable expectation that there will be corresponding cash gains added in calculating Income (Loss) with respect to such gains in future accounting periods). 

Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall mean for any Interest Accrual Period, the greater of (a) the Floor and (b) the forward-looking term rate for a period of 30-days based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR that is published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd CBA ( Term SOFR and displayed on C BA s Market Data Platform (or other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be selected by KeyBank National Association, so long it is a Funding Agent ), at approximately 6:00 a.m . New York City time, two Business Days (the Lookback Day prior to the commencement of such Interest Accrual Period; provided that if by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on any Lookback Day, if Term SOFR for such day has not been published, then Term SOFR for such day will be the Term SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such rate was published; provided , further , that Term SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Term SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Business Days. Any determination by KeyBank National Association of Term SOFR shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 

Administration Agreement shall mean the thir d amended and restated administration agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among the Administrator, the Owner Trustee, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Administrator shall mean Bluegreen or any successor under the Administration Agreement. 

- 2 - 

Administrator Fee shall equal on each Payment Date an amount equal to the product of (a) one-twelfth and (b) (i) if Bluegreen or an affiliate thereof is the Administrator, 1,000.00 and (ii) if Wilmington Trust Company is the Administrator, 20,000.00. 

Advance Rate Adjustment shall mean, on any date of determination, the applicable percentage set forth in the following table based on the Excess Spread for the immediately preceding Due Period ; provided that the Advance Rate Adjustment shall be 0 for the initial Due Period following the Amendment Closing Date and for each Due Period after each Takeou t Financing until the occurrence of a Borrowing : 

Excess Spread 

Advance Rate Adjustment 

Greater than or equal to 10.00 

3.00 

9.00 - 9.99 

0.00 

8.00 - 8.99 

-3.00 

Less than 8.00 

-5.00 

Advance Rates shall mean the corresponding percentage for each Eligible Timeshare Loan for which the related Obligor has a FICO Score set forth in the following table: 

FICO Score 

Advance Rate 

No FICO 

25.0 

625-650 

45.0 

651-700 

65.0 

701-750 

85.0 

750 or higher 

97.0 

Adverse Claim shall mean any claim of ownership or any lien, security interest, title retention, trust or other charge or encumbrance, or other type of preferential arrangement having the effect or purpose of creating a lien or security interest, other than the interests created under the Indenture or any other Transaction Document in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders. 

- 3 - 

Affected Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.1(b) of the Note Funding Agreement. 

Affiliate shall mean any Person: (a) which directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person; (b) which directly or indirectly beneficially owns or holds five percent (5 or more of the voting stock of such Person; or (c) for which five percent (5 or more of the voting stock of which is directly or indirectly beneficially owned or held by such Person; provided , however , that under no circumstances shall the (i) Owner Trustee be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Depositor or the Trust Owner, nor shall any of such parties be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Owner Trustee or (ii) Bluegreen be deemed an Affiliate of (A) Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation or any 5 or greater shareholder of Bluegreen or (B) BBX Capital Inc. or any other Affiliate of a 5 or greater shareholder of Bluegreen who is not a Direct Affiliate (as defined herein) of Bluegreen, nor shall any such shareholder be deemed to be an Affiliate of Bluegreen. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. For purposes of this definition, only entities included in Bluegreen s GAAP consolidated financial statements shall be Affiliates of Bluegreen (a Direct Affiliate ). 

Affiliated Obligors shall mean two or more Obligors having the same address as their primary residence. 

Aggregate Commitments shall mean an amount equal to the sum of the Commitments for all Bank Purchasers. 

Aggregate Initial Loan Balance shall mean the sum of all the Cut-Off Date Loan Balances calculated since the later of (i) the Amendment Closing Date and (ii) the closing date of the most recent Takeout Financing . 

Aggregate Initial Note Balance shall mean the sum of all Borrowings on each Funding Date. 

Aggregate Loan Balance shall mean the sum of the Loan Balances for all Timeshare Loans. 

Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance shall mean an amount equal to the sum of the Outstanding Note Balances for all Notes. 

Allocated Commercial Paper shall mean commercial paper issued by or on behalf of a Conduit Purchaser if the proceeds thereof are used (or, in the case of a Defaulted Borrowing Date, would have been used) to fund or maintain one or more Borrowings. 

Amendment Closing Date shall mean September 30 , 2022 . 

Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and other similar laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Issuer from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

- 4 - 

Applicable Advance Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination, (i) the Weighted Average Advance Rate plus (ii) the Advance Rate Adjustment, provided that the Applicable Advance Rate shall not exceed 85 at any time unless the weighted average FICO Scores of the Obligors (who have FICO Scores) of all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate is equal to or greater than 730. 

Approved Resort shall mean as the context shall require, an Opinion Resort and/or a Non-Opinion Resort. 

Aruba Club Loans shall mean all timeshare loans originated by the Aruba Originator each secured by Co-op Shares. 

Aruba Originator shall mean Bluegreen Properties, N.V., an Aruba corporation. 

Assignment of Mortgage shall mean, with respect to a Deeded Club Loan, a written assignment of one or more Mortgages from the related Originator or Seller to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, relating to one or more Timeshare Loans in recordable form, and signed by an Authorized Officer of all necessary parties, sufficient under the laws of the jurisdiction wherein the related Timeshare Property is located to give record notice of a transfer of such Mortgage and its proceeds to the Indenture Trustee. 

Association shall mean the not-for-profit corporation or cooperative association responsible for operating a Resort. 

Assumption Date shall have the meaning specified in the Backup Servicing Agreement. 

Authorized Officer shall mean, with respect to any corporation, limited liability company or partnership, the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Secretary, the Treasurer, any Assistant Secretary, any Assistant Treasurer, managing member, board of managers, and each other officer of such corporation or limited liability company or the general partner of such partnership specifically authorized in resolutions of the board of directors, managing member or board of managers of such corporation or limited liability company, as the case may be, to sign agreements, instruments or other documents in connection with the Indenture on behalf of such corporation, limited liability company or partnership, as the case may be. 

Available Commitment shall mean, on any day for a Bank Purchaser, such Bank Purchaser s Commitment in effect on such day minus such Bank Purchaser s pro rata interest (calculated on the basis of advances made by such Bank Purchaser or its related Conduit Purchaser in respect of Borrowings,) in the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance on such day. 

Available Funds shall mean for any Payment Date, (a) all funds on deposit in the Collection Account after making all transfers and deposits required from (i) the Lockbox Account pursuant to the Lockbox Agreement, (ii) the General Reserve Account pursuant to Section 3.2(b) of the Indenture, (iii) the Seller or the Depositor, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 4.6 of the Indenture, (iv) the Servicer pursuant to the Indenture, (v) any payment received in respect of any Hedge Agreement and (vi) the Depositor constituting the Post-Redemption Monthly Fee, plus (b) 

- 5 - 

all investment earnings on funds on deposit in the Collection Account from the immediately preceding Payment Date through such Payment Date, less (c) amounts on deposit in the Collection Account related to collections related to any Due Periods subsequent to the Due Period related to such Payment Date, less (d) any Additional Servicing Compensation on deposit in the Collection Account, less (e) Misdirected Deposits, if any. 

Backup Servicer shall mean Concord Servicing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company , and its permitted successors and assigns. 

Backup Servicing Agreement shall mean the third amended and restated backup servicing agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among the Issuer, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Backup Servicing Fee shall on each Payment Date (so long as Concord Servicing LLC is the Backup Servicer), be equal to: 

(a) prior to the removal or resignation of Bluegreen, as Servicer, the greater of (i) 1,000.00 and (ii) the product of (1)(x) 0.10 and (y) the number of Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate at the end of the related Due Period up to 20,000 and (2)(x) 0.075 and (y) the number of Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate at the end of the related Due Period in excess of 20,000, and 

(b) after the removal or resignation of Bluegreen, as Servicer, an amount equal to the product of (i) one-twelfth of 1.50 and (ii) the Aggregate Loan Balance as of the first day of the related Due Period. 

Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation shall mean, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

Bank Purchaser shall mean any Purchaser which has a Commitment as set forth in its respective Joinder Supplement and any Assignee of such Purchaser to the extent of the portion of such Commitment assumed by such Assignee pursuant to its respective Transfer Supplement (so long as the Commitments are in effect). 

Bankruptcy Code shall mean the federal Bankruptcy Code, as amended (Title 11 of the United States Code). 

Bass Pro Shops Dispute shall mean the claims made against the Servicer in Bass Pro, LLC and Big Cedar, LLC v. Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., Case No. 6:19-cv-03143, brought in the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. 

Beneficiary shall have the meaning specified in the Club Trust Agreement. 

- 6 - 

Benefit Plan shall mean an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, or any other plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, that is subject to the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA or of Section 4975 of the Code or any plan that is subject to any substantially similar provision of federal, state or local law. 

Bluegreen shall mean Bluegreen Vacations Corporation (f/k/a Bluegreen Corporation) , a Florida corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns. 

Borrowing shall mean a borrowing made by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Indenture and the Note Funding Agreement. 

Borrowing Base shall mean, for any Payment Date or any Funding Date, as applicable, an amount equal to the produc t of (i) the Applicable Advance Rate , and (ii) Net Portfolio Amount , as of the close of business on the last day of the Due Period . 

Borrowing Base Deficiency shall mean for any Payment Date or Funding Date, as applicable, the excess if any, of the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance as of the last day of the Due Period over the Borrowing Base as of such date. 

Borrowing Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.1(d) of the Note Funding Agreement. 

Business Day shall mean any day other than (a) a Saturday, a Sunday, (b) a day on which banking institutions in New York City, Wilmington, Delaware, the State of Florida, the city in which the Servicer is located or the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee is located are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed or (c) a day on which the Bond Market Association recommends to be closed. 

Casa del Mar Resort shall mean the Resort located in Florida known as Casa del Mar Beach Resort . 

Cash Accumulation Event shall exist on any date of determination if (i) on any Determination Date for the related Cash Accumulation Measurement Period (a) the three-month average Delinquency Level (Trust Estate) is greater than 6 , or (b) the three-month average Default Level (Trust Estate) is greater than 10 or (ii) an event of default (or other defined term or event having similar purpose) occurs under a Material Credit Facility (other than the Corporate Revolver Facility) and the indebtedness related thereto has not been accelerated . A Cash Accumulation Event shall be deemed to be continuing until waived by the Funding Agents in their sole discretion. 

Cash Accumulation Measurement Period shall mean, for any Determination Date, the immediately preceding three (3) Due Periods; provided, however, if during such immediately preceding three (3) Due Periods, the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance was equal to 0 at all times during a Due Period (such Due Period, a Zero Balance Due Period ), the Cash Accumulation Measurement Period shall be the period commencing on the Due Period following the most recent Zero Balance Due Period and ending on the Due Period immediately preceding such Determination Date. 

- 7 - 

Certificate shall mean a Trust Certificate or a Residual Interest Certificate, as applicable. 

Certificate Distribution Account shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.01 of the Trust Agreement. 

Certificate of Trust shall mean the Certificate of Trust in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Trust Agreement. 

Certificateholders shall mean the holders of the Certificates. 

Change in Law shall mean (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law after the Closing Date, (b) any change in Law or in the administration, interpretation, application or implementation thereof by any Official Body after the Closing Date, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Official Body after the Closing Date; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank and (y) Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems Basel III ), all national implementations of Basel III and all requests, rules, guidelines and directives under either of Dodd-Frank or Basel III or issued in connection therewith shall be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date implemented, enacted, adopted or issued. 

Clean-up Call Date shall mean the first date on which the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance is less than or equal to 10 of the then Aggregate Initial Note Balance. 

Closing Date shall mean May 19, 2017. 

Club shall mean Bluegreen Vacation Club Trust, formed pursuant to the Club Trust Agreement, doing business as Bluegreen Vacation Club. 

Club Loans shall mean, collectively, the Deeded Club Loans and the Aruba Club Loans. 

Club Management Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Management Agreement between the Club Managing Entity and the Club Trustee, dated as of May 18, 1994, as amended from time to time. 

Club Managing Entity shall mean Bluegreen Resorts Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in its capacity as manager of the Club and owner of the Club s reservation system, and its permitted successors and assigns. 

Club Originator shall mean Bluegreen, in its capacity as an Originator. 

Club Trust Agreement shall mean, collectively, that certain Bluegreen Vacation Club Trust Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1994, by and between the Developer and the Club Trustee, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, together with all other agreements, documents and instruments governing the operation of the Club. 

- 8 - 

Club Trustee shall mean Vacation Trust, Inc., a Florida corporation, in its capacity as trustee under the Club Trust Agreement, and its permitted successors and assigns. 

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time and any successor statute, together with the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Collection Account shall mean the account established and maintained by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 3.2(a) of the Indenture. 

Collection Policy shall mean the collection policy of the initial servicer, in effect on the Closing Date, attached to the Indenture as Exhibit J, as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the Indenture. 

Collections shall mean all amounts received in connection with a Timeshare Loan. 

Commitment shall mean with respect to a Bank Purchaser, and for any date of determination, the maximum amount of such Bank Purchaser s commitment to make advances to the Issuer as set forth in the Joinder Supplement or the Transfer Supplement by which such Bank Purchaser became a party to the Note Funding Agreement. 

Commitment Expiration Date shall be September 30 , 20 2 5 or such later date as specified in writing to the Issuer by all Bank Purchasers in their sole discretion (and as mutually agreed by the Issuer) or such earlier date on which all Commitments have been terminated. 

Completed Unit shall mean a Unit at a Resort which has been fully constructed and furnished, has received a valid permanent certificate of occupancy or its equivalent, is ready for occupancy and is subject to a time share declaration. 

Conduit Purchaser shall mean initially Autobahn Funding Company LLC, and any Purchaser that is either (a) a commercial paper issuing company or (b) a company which obtains funding from a commercial paper issuing company, identified as a Conduit Purchaser in the Joinder Supplement or Transfer Supplement pursuant to which such Purchaser becomes a party to the Note Funding Agreement. 

Confidential Information shall mean information obtained by any Noteholder including, without limitation, related to the Notes and the Transaction Documents, that is proprietary in nature and that was clearly marked or labeled as being confidential information of the Issuer, the Servicer or their Affiliates, provided that such term does not include information that (a) was publicly known or otherwise known to the Noteholder prior to the time of such disclosure, (b) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by such Noteholder or any Person acting on its behalf, (c) otherwise becomes known to the Noteholder other than through disclosure by the Issuer, the Servicer or their Affiliates or (d) any other public disclosure authorized by the Issuer or the Servicer. 

Consolidated Net Worth shall mean o n a consolidated basis for Bluegreen and its subsidiaries, at any date, (i) the sum of (a) capital stock taken at par or stated value plus (b) capital of Bluegreen in excess of par or stated value relating to capital stock plus (c) accumulated other comprehensive income plus (d) retained earnings (or minus any retained earning deficit) of 

- 9 - 

Bluegreen, determined in accordance with GAAP minus (ii) the sum of treasury stock, capital stock subscribed for and unissued and other contra-equity accounts, determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Continued Errors shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.4 of the Indenture. 

Conversion Loan shall mean a loan originated to finance the fee related to the conversion of a non-Club Loan to a Club Loan. 

Co-op Shares shall mean a share certificate issued by the timeshare cooperative association of La Cabana Resort. 

Corporate Revolver Facility shall mean the 300 ,000,000 syndicated credit facility with Fifth Third Bank as administrative agent , dated February 14, 2022 , as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (or any future credit facility similar in nature to the Corporate Revolver Facility). 

Corporate Trust Office shall mean the office of the Indenture Trustee located in the State of Illinois , which office is at the address set forth in Section 13.3 of the Indenture, and for purposes of transfers and exchanges of Notes under the Indenture, shall be located at 111 Fillmore Avenue East , EP-MN-WS2N, St. Paul, Minnesota 55107, Attn: Bondholder Services/BXG Timeshare Trust I. 

Credit Card Timeshare Loan shall mean a Timeshare Loan where the Obligor makes its payments due on such Timeshare Loan with credit card payment arrangements. 

Credit Policy shall mean the credit and underwriting policy of the Originators, in effect on the Closing Date, attached to the Indenture as Exhibit K, as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the Indenture. 

Custodial Agreement shall mean the fourth amended and restated custodial agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 by and among the Issuer, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, and the Custodian, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof providing for the custody and maintenance of the Timeshare Loan Documents relating to the Timeshare Loans. 

Custodian shall mean U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, or its permitted successors and assigns. 

Custodian s Certification shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(a) of the Custodial Agreement. 

Custodian Fees shall mean for each Payment Date, the fee payable by the Issuer to the Custodian in accordance with the Custodial Agreement. 

- 10 - 

Cut-Off Date shall mean with respect to a Timeshare Loan , the close of business of the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the date on which such Timeshare Loan is sold by the Seller to the Depositor and by the Depositor to the Issuer . 

Cut-Off Date Loan Balance shall mean the Loan Balance of a Timeshare Loan on its related Cut-Off Date. 

Debt shall mean, with respect to any Person at any date, (a) all Indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary trade practices or amounts payable under earn out arrangements as and solely to the extent future revenues are realized and equal or exceed the amount of such earn out which is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (b) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases which have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as Finance Leases , (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person, (d) all liabilities secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person even though such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for the payment thereof, and (e) all Indebtedness of other Persons to the extent guaranteed by such Person, but excluding (x) Subordinated Indebtedness of such Person and (y) Non-Recourse Debt. 

Deeded Club Loan shall mean a timeshare loan originated by the Club Originator and evidenced by a Mortgage Note and secured by a first Mortgage on a fractional fee simple timeshare interest in a Unit or an undivided interest in a Resort (or a phase thereof) associated with a Unit. 

Default shall mean an event which, but for the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute an Event of Default under the Indenture. 

Default Level (Trust Estate) shall mean for any Due Period, the product of (a) 12 and (b) the sum of the Loan Balances of Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate for which all or a part of a scheduled payment became more than 120 days delinquent (other than if such payment relates to the first or second payment (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not be used in any manner for these calculations)) during such Due Period and not repurchased or substituted during such Due Period, less the Loan Balances of such Timeshare Loans that subsequently became current during such Due Period which are still subject to the Lien of the Indenture at such time, divided by the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate (provided that, for purposes of this calculation such Loan Balances shall not be reduced due to delinquency) on the last day of the immediately preceding Due Period (expressed as a percentage). 

Default Level (Portfolio) shall mean for any Test Date, the product of (a) 12 and (b) (i) the sum of the Loan Balances of Portfolio Loans serviced by the Servicer for which all or a part of a scheduled payment became more than 120 days delinquent (other than if such payment relates to the first or second payment (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not be used in any manner for these calculations)) from the related due date as of the end of the related calendar month less the Loan Balances of such Timeshare Loans that subsequently became current during such calendar month, divided by (ii) the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Portfolio Loans (provided that, for purposes of this calculation such Loan Balances shall not be reduced due to delinquency) 

- 11 - 

serviced by the Servicer on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month (expressed as a percentage). 

Defaulted Timeshare Loan shall mean any Timeshare Loan for which any of the following events may have occurred: (a) as of the last day of any Due Period, the Servicer has commenced cancellation or termination proceedings on the related Timeshare Loan after collection efforts have failed in accordance with its Collection Policy or (b) as of the last day of any Due Period, all or part of a scheduled payment under the Timeshare Loan is more than 120 days delinquent from the related due date. 

Defaulting Purchaser shall mean any Bank Purchaser that (a) has failed (or has caused its Purchaser Group to fail) to advance its Funding Percentage of a Borrowing requested within two Business Days of the date such Borrowing was required to be funded unless such Bank Purchaser notifie s the Issuer, the Servicer and all Funding Agents in writing that such failure is the result of such Bank Purchaser s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Issuer, the Servicer and all Funding Agents in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations in the Note Funding Agreement, or (c) has become the subject of a Bail-in Action. 

Defective Timeshare Loan shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.6 of the Indenture. 

Delinquency Level (Trust Estate) shall mean for any Due Period, an amount equal to the sum of the Loan Balances of Timeshare Loans (other than Defaulted Timeshare Loans) in the Trust Estate that are 60 days or more delinquent on the last day of such Due Period divided by the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate as of the last day of such Due Period (expressed as a percentage). 

Delinquency Level (Portfolio) shall mean for any Test Date, an amount equal to the sum of the Loan Balances of Portfolio Loans (other than the sum of the Loan Balances of Portfolio Loans serviced by the Servicer for which all or a part of a scheduled payment is more than 120 days delinquent from the related due date as of the end of the related calendar month) at such Test Date serviced by the Servicer that are 60 days or more delinquent as of such Test Date divided by the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Portfolio Loans serviced by the Servicer as of such Test Date (expressed as a percentage). 

Depositor shall mean Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, a Delaware Corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns. 

Depreciation and Amortization shall mean, for any accounting period, the consolidated depreciation and amortization for the Servicer, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding amortization of debt issuance costs for such accounting period, if such amortization is also included in Other Interest Expense. 

Determination Date shall mean with respect to any Payment Date, the day that is the close of business of the last day of the related Due Period. 

- 12 - 

Developer shall mean Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., a Florida corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns. 

Dollars and shall each mean the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Due Period shall mean with respect to any Payment Date or Funding Date, as applicable, the immediately preceding calendar month. The initial Due Period for the Initial Payment Date shall be the period beginning on the Amendment Closing Date through and including the end of such calendar month. 

EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligible Bank Account shall mean a segregated account, which may be an account maintained by the Indenture Trustee (or an Affiliate thereof) , which is maintained with a depository institution or trust company whose long-term unsecured debt obligations are rated at least (or has a long-term issuer rating of at least) BBB by S P or whose short-term unsecured obligations are rated at least (or has a short-term issuer rating of at least) A-2 by S P. 

Eligible Investments shall mean one or more of the following: 

(a) 
			 obligations of, or guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof when such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States; 

(b) 
			 federal funds, certificates of deposit, time deposits and bankers acceptances, each of which shall not have an original maturity of more than 90 days, of any depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United States or any state; provided that the long-term unsecured debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company at the date of acquisition thereof have been rated in one of the three highest rating categories available from S and provided, further, that the short-term obligations of such depository institution or trust company shall be rated in the highest rating category by S 

(c) 
			 commercial paper or commercial paper funds (having original maturities of not more than 90 days) of any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States or any 

- 13 - 

state thereof; provided that any such commercial paper or commercial paper funds shall be rated in the highest short-term rating category by S 

(d) 
			 any no-load money market fund rated (including money market funds managed or advised by the Indenture Trustee or an Affiliate thereof) in the highest short-term rating category or equivalent highest long-term rating category by S provided that, Eligible Investments purchased from funds in the Eligible Bank Accounts shall include only such obligations or securities that either may be redeemed daily or mature no later than the Business Day next preceding the next Payment Date; or 

(e) 
			 demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, bankers acceptances issued by, or federal funds sold by any depository institution or trust company (including the Indenture Trustee or any Affiliate of the Indenture Trustee, acting in its commercial capacity) incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or state authorities, so long as, at the time of such investment, the commercial paper or other short-term deposits of such depository institution or trust company are rated at least A-1 by S 

and provided , further , that (i) no instrument shall be an Eligible Investment if such instrument evidences a right to receive only interest payments with respect to the obligations underlying such instrument, and (ii) no Eligible Investment may be purchased at a price in excess of par. Eligible Investments may include those Eligible Investments with respect to which the Indenture Trustee or an Affiliate thereof provides services. 

Eligible Owner Trustee shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.01 of the Trust Agreement. 

Eligible Timeshare Loan shall mean a Timeshare Loan which satisfied the representations and warranties set forth in Schedule I of the Purchase Agreement and the Sale Agreement on the date such Timeshare Loan was transferred by Bluegreen to the Depositor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale Agreement; provided , however , that any Timeshare Loan (i) which all or part of a scheduled payment is more than 90 days delinquent from the related due date as of the end of the related calendar month or (ii) that becomes a Defaulted Timeshare Loan , shall cease to be an Eligible Timeshare Loan; provided , further , as of any Determination Date that any Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan for which a Custodian s Certification delivered pursuant to the terms of the Custodial Agreement is not received by the Funding Agents and the Servicer, shall cease to be an Eligible Timeshare Loan. 

ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

Errors shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.4 of the Indenture. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

- 14 - 

Event of Default shall mean any one of the following events: 

(a) a default in the paying of Interest Distribution Amounts, Principal Distribution Amounts or the making of any other payments in respect of any Note when such become due and payable, and continuance of such default for three Business Days; 

(b) a non-monetary default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer, the Servicer, the Depositor or the Club Trustee in the Indenture or other Transaction Document (other than a covenant dealing with a default in the performance of which, or the breach of which, is specifically dealt with elsewhere in this definition or as a Servicer Event of Default) and the continuance of such default or breach for a period of 30 days (or, if the defaulting party shall have provided evidence satisfactory to the Funding Agents at their sole discretion (i) that such breach cannot be cured in the 30-day period, (ii) that such breach can be cured within an additional 30-day period and (iii) that it is diligently pursuing a cure, then 60 days) after the earlier of (x) the Issuer first acquiring Knowledge thereof, and (y) the Indenture Trustee s or Funding Agents giving written notice thereof to the Issuer; provided , however , that if such default or breach is in respect of (A) the negative covenants contained in Section 8.6(a)(i) or (ii) of the Indenture or (B) a breach that cannot be cured, there shall be no grace period whatsoever; or 

(c) if any representation or warranty of the Issuer, the Servicer, the Depositor or the Club Trustee made in the Indenture or other Transaction Document shall prove to be incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made, and such breach is not remedied within 30 days (or, if the defaulting party shall have provided evidence satisfactory to the Funding Agents at their sole discretion (i) that such representation or warranty cannot be cured in the 30-day period, (ii) that such representation or warranty can be cured within an additional 30-day period and (iii) that it is diligently pursuing a cure, then 60 days) after the earlier of (x) the Issuer first acquiring Knowledge thereof, and (y) the Indenture Trustee s or Funding Agents giving written notice thereof to the Issuer; provided , however , if such breach is in respect of a representation or warranty that cannot be cured, there shall be no grace period whatsoever; or 

(d) the entry by a court having jurisdiction over the Issuer of (i) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar law or (ii) a decree or order adjudging the Issuer as a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, or composition of or in respect of the Issuer under any applicable federal or state law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, or other similar official of the Issuer, or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or 

(e) the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated as a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by either to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other 

- 15 - 

similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, or similar official of the Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the Issuer's failure to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Issuer in furtherance of any such action; or 

(f) the Issuer becoming subject to registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act; or 

(g) the impairment of the validity of any security interest of the Indenture Trustee in the Trust Estate in any respect, except as expressly permitted under the Transaction Documents, or the creation of any encumbrance on or with respect to the Trust Estate or any portion thereof not otherwise permitted; or 

(h) the failure by the Club Originator to repurchase any Defective Timeshare Loan or provide a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan for a Defective Timeshare Loan to the extent required under the terms of Purchase Agreement; or 

(i) the occurrence and continuance of a Servicer Event of Default. 

Exchange Act shall mean the United Stated Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Excess Spread shall mean, for any Due Period, the annualized yield equivalent, computed as : (i) (a) all Collections allocable to interest and fees deposited into the Collection Account during such Due Period and constituting Available Funds on related Payment Date plus (b) any payment in respect of any Hedge Agreement deposited into the Collection Account during such Due Period and constituting Available Funds on the related Payment Date minus (c) the amounts payable in Section 3.4(a)(i) through (viii) and (x), Section 6.6(a)(i) through (viii) and (x) or Section 6.6(b)(i) through (viii) and (x) of the Indenture, as applicable, on the immediately succeeding Payment Date following such Due Period divided by (ii) the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate as of the last day of the immediately preceding Due Period . 

Excluded Loan Balance shall mean on any date of determination, without duplication, the sum of the following: 

(a) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to an Obligor or Affiliated Obligors exceeds the greater of (i) 12 5,000 and (ii) 0. 75 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(b) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of any Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to any Obligor or Affiliated Obligors exceeds 1 25 ,000; plus 

- 16 - 

(c) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Aruba Club Loans relating to Obligors that are non-United States resident exceeds 40 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Aruba Club Loans; plus 

(d) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to Obligors that are non-United States residents exceeds 1. 5 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(e) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to Aruba Club Loans exceeds 5 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(f) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to Aruba Club Loans exceeds 5 of the Maximum Facility Balance; plus 

(g) the amount of the aggregate Loan Balance of Eligible Timeshare Loans with a Timeshare Loan Rate of less than 1 2 .5 0 necessary to increase the weighted average Timeshare Loan Rate (weighted on the basis of Loan Balance) of all Eligible Timeshare Loans to at least 1 2 .5 0 ; plus 

(h) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to any one Resort exceeds 40 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(i) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to Obligors with billing addresses in any one state exceeds 20 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(j) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans for which the related Obligor is an employee or a relative of an employee of Bluegreen or any Subsidiary thereof exceeds 0.5 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(k) the aggregate Timeshare Loan File Deficiency Excluded Balance; plus 

(l) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans which is a Modified Timeshare Loan exceeds the respective maximum s specified in Section 5.3(a)(ix) of the Indenture; plus 

(m) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to an Initial Approved Non-Opinion Resort or an Additional Approved Non-Opinion Resort exceeds 15 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(n) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to Initial Approved Non-Opinion Resorts and Additional Approved Non-Opinion Resorts in any one state exceeds 3 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

- 17 - 

(o) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of Large Loans exceeds 5 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(p) with respect to each Large Loan, the amount of the Loan Balance of such Large Loan in excess of 12 5,000; plus 

(q) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Wilderness Loans exceeds 25 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(r) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans relating to Credit Card Timeshare Loans exceeds 5 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(s) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans for which the related Obligor is a United States resident and does not have a FICO Score exceeds 1 .5 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(t) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans for which the related Obligor has a FICO Score below 650 or does not have a FICO Score exceeds 1 0 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans ; plus 

(u) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all NELO Loans exceeds 25 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans ; plus 

(v) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans for which the related Obligor has a FICO Score below 700 or does not have a FICO Score exceeds 40 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans; plus 

(w) the amount by which the aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans for which the related Obligor has a FICO Score below 750 or does not have a FICO Score exceeds 7 0 of the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Eligible Timeshare Loans. 

Facility Termination Date shall mean the earliest of (a) the Commitment Expiration Date, (b) the date of any termination of the Commitments by the Issuer pursuant to Section 2.2(a) of the Note Funding Agreement, (c) the date the Commitments are terminated pursuant to Section 2.5 of the Note Funding Agreement (except if such termination is a result of a Cash Accumulation Event pursuant to clause (i) of the definition thereof and (d) the Stated Maturity. 

Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website shall mean the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source . 

Fee Letter shall mean that letter agreement designated therein as the Fee Letter and dated as of the Amendment Closing Date, among the Funding Agents, the Issuer and Bluegreen, as such letter agreement may be amended or otherwise modified from time to time . 

Fees shall mean the fees set forth in the Fee Letter. 

- 18 - 

FICO Score shall mean a credit risk score known as a FICO Score and determined by the Fair Isaac Company system implemented by Experian or a successor acceptable to the Funding Agents, in their reasonable discretion, for a consumer borrower through the analysis of individual credit files. In the event that such credit risk scoring program ceases to exist, the Funding Agents and the Seller may select a successor credit risk scoring program as mutually agreed. 

In the event that an Obligor consists of more than one individual (e.g., husband and wife) (an Obligor Group ), with respect to Funding Date Timeshare Loans, the FICO Score for such Obligor Group shall be based on the simple average (if the individuals in the group are not jointly and severally liable) and the highest (if the individuals in the group are jointly and severally liable) of the FICO Scores for all individuals who have a FICO Score in such Obligor Group. If all individuals in an Obligor Group have no FICO Score, then the Obligor Group shall be considered to have no FICO Score. In each case listed in this paragraph, such FICO Score is as determined at the point of sale (unless otherwise approved by the Funding Agents, in writing, in their sole discretion). 

Finance Leases shall mean any lease of p roperty which in accordance with Accounting Standards Update 842-Leases is classified as a finance lease and not an operating lease. 

Floor shall mean 0.25 . 

Force Majeure Delay shall mean with respect to the Servicer, any cause or event which is beyond the control and not due to the negligence of the Servicer, which delays, prevents or prohibits such Person's delivery of the reports required to be delivered or the performance of any other duty or obligation of the Servicer under the Indenture as the case may be, including, without limitation, computer, electrical and mechanical failures, epidemics, pandemics, acts of God or the elements and fire; provided , that no such cause or event shall be deemed to be a Force Majeure Delay unless the Servicer shall have given the Funding Agents written notice thereof as soon as practicable after the beginning of such delay. 

Foreclosure Properties shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.3(b) of the Indenture. 

Funding Agents shall mean any Funding Agent identified in a Joinder Supplement or Transfer Supplement to which such Person becomes party to the Note Funding Agreement . 

Funding Date shall mean the date on which the Issuer shall make a Borrowing pursuant to the Indenture and the Note Funding Agreement. 

Funding Date Timeshare Loans shall mean, with respect to any Borrowing, the Eligible Timeshare Loans to be acquired by the Issuer on the related Funding Date that have a Cut-Off Date of the close of business on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month. 

Funding Percentage shall mean with respect to (a) a Bank Purchaser, such Bank Purchaser s Commitment as a percentage of all Commitments, (b) a Conduit Purchaser, the 

- 19 - 

Commitment of the Bank Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Purchaser Group as a percentage of all Commitments and (c) a Purchaser Group, the Commitment of the Bank Purchaser of such Purchaser Group as a percentage of all Commitments. 

Funding Termination Event shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) an Event of Default shall have occurred; or (b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller or the Servicer herein or in any other Transaction Document or which is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with the Note Funding Agreement or any such other Transaction Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material and adverse respect on or as of the date made or deemed made (except where such representation or warranty specifically relates to any earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); provided that a breach of the Seller s representation and warranty under Section 6(a) of each of the Sale Agreement or the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to occur only if the Seller is required to and does not repurchase or provide substitute Timeshare Loans for the Timeshare Loans causing such violation in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement or Sale Agreement within the time frame provided for therein; or (c) t he Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller or the Servicer shall fail to observe or perform any material provision of any other agreement contained in the Note Funding Agreement or any other Transaction Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days after the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller or the Servicer becomes aware of or is notified of such failure; or (d)(i) the Indenture shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect, or the Issuer shall so assert or (ii) the Lien created by the Indenture shall cease to be enforceable and of the same effect and priority purported to be created thereby; or (e) a Cash Accumulation Event shall have occurred; or (f) the Recovery Ratio is less than 25 . 

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America. 

General Reserve Account shall mean the account maintained by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 3.2(b) of the Indenture. 

Governmental Authority shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 

Grant shall mean to grant, bargain, convey, assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, create and grant a security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over and confirm. 

Hedge Agreement shall mean the interest rate cap agreement(s) entered into by the Issuer in accordance with Section 9.15 of the Note Funding Agreement. 

Hedge Termination Payment shall mean any termination payment due to a Qualified Hedge Counterparty as a result of a termination of a Hedge Agreement. 

Highest Lawful Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 3 of the Sale Agreement. 

- 20 - 

Holder or Noteholder shall mean a holder of a Note. 

Income (Loss) shall mean, for any accounting period, the amount for such accounting period disclosed with the caption Net Income (Loss) or its equivalent, on the Servicer s consolidated statement of income (or consolidated statement of operations, as applicable) prepared in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, such amount is meant to reflect the Servicer s consolidated income or loss for such accounting period after income tax, but before net income (or loss) attributable to non-controlling interest. 

Indebtedness shall mean with respect to any Person at any date, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary trade practices) or which is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (b) all obligations of such Person under capital leases, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person, (d) all liabilities secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person even though such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for the payment thereof, and (e) all Indebtedness of other Persons to the extent guaranteed by such Person. 

Indenture shall mean that certain Sevent h Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among the Issuer, the Club Trustee, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Indenture Truste e, the Paying Agent and the Custodian , as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Indenture Trustee shall mean U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, and any successor as set forth in Section 7.9 of the Indenture. 

Indenture Trustee Fee shall mean for each Payment Date, the sum of (a) 791.67 and (b) until the Indenture Trustee shall become the successor Servicer, the greater of (i) the product of one-twelfth of 0.0175 and the Aggregate Loan Balance as of the first day of the related Due Period and (ii) 1,500.00. 

Initial Approved Opinion Resorts shall mean the following resorts: MountainLoft TM I II, Laurel Crest TM , Shore Crest Vacation Villas I and II TM , Harbour Lights TM , The Lodge Alley Inn TM , The Falls Village TM , Christmas Mountain Village TM , Orlando s Sunshine Resort TM , Shenendoah Crossing TM , Casa del Mar Beach Resort, Grande Villas at World Golf Village , Mountain Run at Boyne TM , The Hammocks at Marathon TM , Daytona Seabreeze , Carolina Grande TM , The Fountains TM , Bluegreen Wilderness Traveler at Shenandoah , SeaGlass Tower , Bluegreen Odyssey Dells , Bluegreen Club 36 TM , Patrick Henry Square TM , Lake Eve Res ort , Bluegreen at Tradewinds, Horizons at 77 th , Eilan Hotel Spa, Parkside, Solara Surfside TM and King 583. 

Initial Approved Non-Opinion Resorts shall mean the following resorts: Via Roma Beach Resort, Dolphin Beach Club, Fantasy Island Resort II, Gulfstream Manor, Resort Sixty-Six, Outrigger Beach Club, Players Club, Mariner s Boathouse, Tropical Sands Resort, 

- 21 - 

Windward Passage Resort, Landmark Holiday Beach Resort, Ocean Towers Beach Club, Panama City Resort Club, Paradise Isle Resort, Shoreline Towers, Surfrider Beach Club, Pono Kai Resort, Lake Condominiums at Big Sky, The Suites at Hershey TM , Bluegreen Club La Pension TM , Club Lodges at Trillium, The Yachtsman, Petit Crest Villas at Big Canoe, Foxrun Townhouses, Sandcastle Village II/Waterwood Townhouses, Bluegreen at Atlantic Palace, The Hotel Blake, The Club at Big Bear Village, The Studio Homes of Ellis Square, The Soundings Seaside Resort, The Breakers Resort , Cibola Vista Resort Spa , La Cabana Beach Racquet Club , The Innsbruck , The Manhattan Club, Hemlock Condominium, Mountain Run at Boyne TM and Blue Ridge Village. 

Initial Funding Date shall mean the initial Funding Date. 

Initial Payment Date shall mean the Payment Date occurring in October 20 22 . 

Intangible Assets shall mean a non-physical, non-current right that gives Bluegreen or any of its subsidiaries an exclusive or preferred position in the marketplace including but not limited to a copyright, patent, trademark, goodwill, organization costs, capitalized advertising cost, computer programs, licenses for any of the preceding, government licenses e.g., broadcasting or the right to sell liquor), leases, franchises, mailing lists, exploration permits, import and export permits, construction permits, and marketing quotas (all as determined in accordance with GAAP). 

Intended Tax Characterization shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.4(b) of the Indenture. 

Interest Accrual Period shall mean with respect to any Payment Date, the related Due Period. The initial Interest Accrual Period for the Initial Payment Date, shall be the period beginning on and including the Amendment Closing Date and ending on and including October 31 , 2022 . 

Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Adjusted EBITDA during the first four fiscal quarters then ended to (b) Other Interest Expense paid in cash during the four fiscal quarters then ended, calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarterly period. 

Interest Distribution Amount shall equal, with respect to the Notes and any Payment Date, the SOFR Bank Component Amount with respect to such Notes and such Payment Date, as applicable. 

Introductory Loan shall mean a loan originated in connection with an Introductory Product. 

Introductory Product shall mean certain introductory products with FICO scores and finance terms that are intended to be held in Bluegreen s portfolio and any other product not secured by Timeshare Property . 

Investing Office shall mean initially, the office of any Purchaser (if any) designated as such, in the case of any initial Purchaser, in its Joinder Supplement and, in the case 

- 22 - 

of any Assignee, in the related Transfer Supplement, and thereafter, such other office of such Purchaser or Assignee as may be designated in writing to the Agent, the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee by such Purchaser or Assignee. 

Investment Company Act shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Issuer shall mean BXG Timeshare Trust I, a statutory trust formed under the laws of the State of Delaware pursuant to the Trust Agreement. 

Issuer Order shall mean a written order or request delivered to the Indenture Trustee and signed in the name of the Issuer by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer or Administrator. 

Knowledge shall mean: 

(a) as to any natural Person (other than the Indenture Trustee), the actual awareness of the fact, event or circumstance at issue or proper delivery of notification of such fact, event or circumstance; provided , however , that each such Person shall be deemed to have Knowledge of any fact, event or circumstance if such fact, event or circumstance would have been known had such Person exercised commercially reasonable due diligence; and 

(b) as to any Person that is not a natural Person (other than the Indenture Trustee), that (i) the fact, event or circumstance at issue is brought to the attention of a Responsible Officer or (ii) notice has been delivered to such Person in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Transaction Documents; provided , however , that each such Person that is not a natural person shall be deemed to have Knowledge of any fact, event or circumstance if such fact, event or circumstance would have been brought to the attention of a Responsible Officer if the Person or Responsible Officers of such Person had exercised commercially reasonable due diligence; and 

(c) with respect to the Indenture Trustee, the actual awareness of the fact, event or circumstance at issue or proper delivery of notification of such fact, event or circumstance. 

La Cabana Resort shall mean the Resort located in Aruba known as the La Cabana Beach and Racquet Club. 

Large Loan shall mean a Timeshare Loan with a Loan Balance in excess of 100 ,000. 

Law shall mean any law, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, judicial ruling, order or judgment. 

Leverage Ratio shall mean with respect to any Person , as of the last day of the applicable fiscal quarter, the ratio of (i) the Debt of such Person on such date less unrestricted cash (provided that, only as to any calculation made in connection with determining compliance with the Servicer Financial Covenants , such netted cash shall not exceed 150,000,000 (such amount, the Cash Netting Limit )) on such date to (ii) the Adjusted EBITDA of such Person for the four (4) fiscal quarters ended on such date . 

- 23 - 

Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, security interest, claim, participation, encumbrance, levy, lien or charge. 

Liquidation shall mean with respect to any Timeshare Loan, the sale or compulsory disposition of a Foreclosure Property, following foreclosure, termination or other enforcement action or the taking of a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, to a Person other than the Servicer or an Affiliate thereof. 

Liquidation Expenses shall mean, with respect to the Foreclosure Property related to a Defaulted Timeshare Loan, as of any date of determination, any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (exclusive of overhead expenses) incurred by the Servicer or the Remarketing Agent in connection with the performance of its obligations under Section 5.3(a)(xiii) in the Indenture or the Remarketing Agreement, as applicable, including, but not limited to, (a) any foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure or termination and other repossession expenses incurred with respect to such Foreclosure Property, (b) commissions and marketing and sales expenses incurred by the Servicer or the Remarketing Agent with respect to the remarketing of the related Foreclosure Property (including the Remarketing Fee), and (c) any other fees and expenses reasonably applied or allocated in the ordinary course of business with respect to the Liquidation of a Foreclosure Property (including any assessed and unpaid Association fees and real estate taxes). 

Liquidation Proceeds shall mean with respect to the Liquidation of any Foreclosure Property related to a Defaulted Timeshare Loan, the amounts actually received by the Servicer or the Remarketing Agent in connection with such Liquidation. 

Liquidity shall mean, with respect to a Person, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of consolidated unrestricted cash, (ii) the aggregate amount of available unused financing commitments and (iii) the product of (a) 90 and (b) the aggregate principal balance of all unencumbered timeshare loans owned by such Person that (1) have been originated in a manner to be pledged to a financing facility and (2) do not have any scheduled contract payment unpaid for more than thirt y 3 0) days from the date on which such payment was due and payable. 

Loan Balance shall mean, for any date of determination, the outstanding principal balance due under or in respect of a Timeshare Loan (including a Defaulted Timeshare Loan) as of the close of business on the last day of the immediately prior Due Period, provided that (i) for all Timeshare Loans where all or a portion of a scheduled payment is between 60 and 90 days delinquent from the related due date as of the end of the most recent calendar month, the Loan Balance shall be reduced by 25 and (ii) for all Timeshare Loans where all or a portion of a scheduled payment is more than 90 days delinquent from the related due date as of the end of the most recent calendar month, the Loan Balance shall be reduced by 100 . For purposes of clause (b) of the definition of Default Level (Trust Estate) only, Loan Balance shall be net of Net Liquidation Proceeds from disposition of Timeshare Properties to persons other than the Servicer during such Due Period . 

Lockbox Account shall mean the deposit account maintained at the Lockbox Bank pursuant to the Lockbox Agreement, which shall be a non-interest bearing account. 

- 24 - 

Lockbox Agreement shall mean the second amended and restated deposit account control agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Lockbox Bank, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Lockbox Bank shall mean Bank of America, a national banking association or such other provider upon agreement of the Servicer, the Issuer and the Funding Agents. 

Lockbox Fee shall mean on each Payment Date, the fee payable by the Issuer to the Lockbox Bank in accordance with the Lockbox Agreement. 

Long Term Incentive Compensation shall mean, for any accounting period, the aggregate expense incurred in such accounting period in accordance with GAP for the Servicer s long-term incentive compensation plan. The Servicer currently refers to its long term incentive compensation plan as ELIP (f/k/a LTIP). For avoidance of doubt, Long Term Incentive Compensation excludes payments of base salary and annual bonus compensation. 

Lost Note Affidavit shall mean the affidavit to be executed in connection with any delivery of a Mortgage Note or with respect to Aruba Club Loans, an Owner Beneficiary Agreement, in lieu of such original in the form of Exhibit D attached to the Sale Agreement. 

Material Credit Facility shall mean any credit facility entered into by Bluegreen and/or any of its Affiliates with an outstanding principal balance of 2 5,000,000 or greater. 

Maximum Borrowing Amount shall mean, with respect to a Funding Date, an amount equal to the product of (a) the related Funding Date Advance Rate and (b) the aggregate Loan Balance of all related Funding Date Timeshare Loans. 

Maximum Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Bank Purchaser, the maximum amount of such Bank Purchaser s commitment to make advances to the Issuer as set forth in the Joinder Supplement or the Transfer Supplement by which such Bank Purchaser became a party to the Note Funding Agreement. 

Maximum Facility Balance shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(f) of the Note Funding Agreement. 

Misdirected Deposits shall mean such payments that have been deposited into the Collection Account in error. 

Modified Timeshare Loan shall mean any Timeshare Loan for which the Servicer has modified, waived or amended the terms thereof. 

Monthly Servicer Report shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.5 of the Indenture. 

Moody s shall mean Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 

- 25 - 

Mortgage shall mean, with respect to a Deeded Club Loan, any purchase money mortgage, deed of trust, purchase money deed of trust, deed to secure debt or mortgage deed creating a first lien on a Timeshare Property to secure debt granted by the Club Trustee on behalf of an Obligor to the Club Originator with respect to the purchase of such Timeshare Property and/or the contribution of the same to the Club and otherwise encumbering the related Timeshare Property to secure payments or other obligations under such Timeshare Loan. 

Mortgage Note shall mean, with respect to a Deeded Club Loan, the original, executed promissory note evidencing the indebtedness of an Obligor under a Deeded Club Loan, together with any rider, addendum or amendment thereto, or any renewal, substitution or replacement of such note. 

NELO Loan shall mean any Timeshare Loan where: 

(i) 
			 the Obligor shall be an existing owner of a Timeshare Property (the Existing Timeshare Property ); 

(ii) 
			 such Obligor s Existing Timeshare Property has been paid-in-full (i.e., no debt) and has a minimum of ten percent (10 combined aggregate equity in its Existing Timeshare Property and its Timeshare Property purchased under such NELO Loan; 

(iii) 
			 each paid-in-full Existing Timeshare Property only provides equity to one NELO Loan; 

(iv) 
			 Issu er ha s established a verification process to confirm the Existing Timeshare Property is paid-in-full and provide d sufficient paid-in-equity; and 

(v) 
			 s uch verification process adheres to all applicable laws, regulatory guidelines and related requirements. 

Net Hedge Payment shall mean the net amount, if any, then payable by the Issuer to a Qualified Hedge Counterparty under a Hedge Agreement, excluding any Hedge Termination Payment. 

Net Liquidation Proceeds shall mean with respect to a Liquidation, the positive difference between Liquidation Proceeds and Liquidation Expenses. 

Net Portfolio Amount shall mean an amount equal to (i) the Aggregate Loan Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the Due Period less (ii) without duplication, (A) the Excluded Loan Balance, (B) the aggregate Loan Balance of all Defaulted Timeshare Loans, (C) the aggregate Loan Balance of Timeshare Loans that are determined to be Defective Timeshare Loans as of the close of business on the last day of the related Due Period, and (D) the aggregate Loan Balance of all Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans for which a Custodian s Certification delivered pursuant to the terms of the Custodial Agreement by the Determination Date for the Due Period has not been received by the Funding Agents and the Servicer. 

Non-Cash Intangible Asset Impairment Charges shall mean, for any accounting period, without duplication, non-cash intangible asset impairment charges in accordance with 

- 26 - 

GAAP included in the Servicer s consolidated statement of income (or statement of cash flows, as applicable). 

Non-Consenting Purchaser shall mean a Purchaser Group for which the applicable Funding Agent does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all of the Funding Agents and (b) all other Funding Agents have approved. 

Non-Opinion Resorts shall mean Initial Approved Non-Opinion Resorts and any Additional Approved Non-Opinion Resorts. 

Non- Recourse Debt shall mean Debt (or any applicable portion of any Debt) under which the lender or other creditor on such Debt cannot (whether contractually or by law) hold the borrower and any other obligor under such Debt personally liable (whether wholly or on a limited basis) for such repayment (whether in the context of a default, a judgment or otherwise); provided that any Debt which is secured by real property and for which neither such borrower nor any other such obligor is otherwise initially personally liable but the documentation evidencing such Debt (which shall be customary and market for debt transactions of that type at the time of issuance) otherwise includes a bad boy guaranty (a/k/a a recourse carve out guaranty) which provides for personal liability (whether wholly or on a limited basis) against such borrower or such other obligors upon the occurrence of certain enumerated bad acts, such Debt shall remain Non-Recourse Debt for all purposes of the Transaction Documents until such time as such bad boy guaranty is triggered and the relevant obligors otherwise become personally liable therefor (whether wholly or on a limited basis, and solely to the extent of such liability (the portion of the Debt for which such obligor becomes personally liable, the Recourse Portion )), after which the aggregate principal amount of the Recourse Portion of such Debt shall no longer constitute Non-Recourse Debt and shall, immediately from and after such time constitute Debt for all purposes of the Transaction Documents. 

Note Funding Agreement shall mean that certain Seventh Amended and Restated Note Funding Agreement dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among the Issuer, Bluegreen, the Depositor, the Funding Agents party thereto and the Purchasers party thereto , as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.4(a) of the Indenture. 

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.4(a) of the Indenture. 

Noteholder shall mean any holder of a Note. 

Notes shall have the meaning specified in the Recitals of the Issuer in the Indenture. 

Obligor shall mean the related obligor under a Timeshare Loan. 

OFAC shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

- 27 - 

Officer s Certificate shall mean a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable party. 

Official Body shall mean the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Opinion of Counsel shall mean a written opinion of counsel, in each case acceptable to the addressees thereof. 

Opinion Resort shall mean the Initial Approved Opinion Resorts and any Additional Approved Opinion Resorts. 

Optional Purchase Limit shall mean, on any date, an amount equal to (a) 15 of the Aggregate Initial Loan Balance less (b) the aggregate Loan Balances (as of the related purchase dates or release dates, as applicable) of all Defaulted Timeshare Loans (i) previously purchased by the Seller pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Sale Agreement or Section 6(c) of the Purchase Agreement and (ii) previously released pursuant to Section 4.7(c) of the Indenture since the later of (A) the Amendment Closing Date and (B) the closing date of the most recent Takeout Financing. 

Optional Redemption shall mean an election by the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 14.1(b) of the Indenture. 

Optional Substitution Limit shall mean, on any date, an amount equal to (x) 20 of the Aggregate Initial Loan Balance less (y) the aggregate Loan Balances (as of the related Transfer Dates) of all Defaulted Timeshare Loans previously substituted by the Club Originator pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Sale Agreement or Section 6(c) of the Purchase Agreement since the later of (A) the Amendment Closing Date and (B) the closing date of the most recent Takeout Financing. 

Original Club Loan shall mean a Timeshare Loan for which the related Obligor has elected to effect and the Club Originator has agreed to effect an Upgrade. 

Originator shall mean either the Club Originator or the Aruba Originator. 

Other Interest Expense shall mean, for any accounting period, the amount for such accounting period disclosed with the caption Interest Expense, or its equivalent, on the Service r s consolidated statement of income (or consolidated statement of operations, as applicable) prepared in accordance with GAAP, less the aggregate amount of interest expense incurred on the Servicer s Receivable-Backed Notes p ayable for such accounting period . 

Outstanding shall mean, with respect to the Notes and Borrowings evidenced thereby, as of any date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except: 

- 28 - 

(a) 
			 Notes theretofore canceled by the Indenture Trustee or delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation; 

(b) 
			 Notes or portions thereof for whose payment money in the necessary amount has been theretofore irrevocably deposited with the Indenture Trustee in trust for the holders of such Notes or previously paid; and 

(c) 
			 Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by a Person in whose hands the Note is a valid obligation; provided , however , that in determining whether the holders of the requisite percentage of the Outstanding Note Balance of the Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, or waiver under the Indenture, Notes owned by Bluegreen, the Depositor, the Issuer or any Affiliate of the foregoing shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, or waiver, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee actually has notice are so owned shall be so disregarded. 

Outstanding Note Balance shall mean as of any date of determination and Note, the aggregate amount of Borrowings Outstanding in respect of such Note; provided , however , to the extent that for purposes of consents, approvals, voting or other similar act of the Noteholders under any of the Transaction Documents, Outstanding Note Balance shall exclude Notes which are held by Bluegreen, the Depositor or any Affiliates thereof. 

Owner Beneficiary shall have the meaning specified in the Club Trust Agreement. 

Owner Beneficiary Agreement shall mean the purchase agreement entered into by each Obligor and the Developer with respect to the Club Loans. 

Owner Beneficiary Rights shall have the meaning specified in the Club Trust Agreement. 

Owner Trustee shall mean Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation, or any successor thereof, acting not in its individual capacity but solely as owner trustee under the Trust Agreement. 

Owner Trustee Corporate Trust Office shall mean 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1605. 

Owner Trustee Fee shall mean an annual fee equal to (a) prior to the Owner Trustee becoming successor Administrator, 6,000.00 or (b) upon the Owner Trustee becoming successor Administrator, 5,000.00, which fee shall be due and payable on the first Payment Date of each year during the term hereof occurring after the Issuer s receipt of an invoice therefor. 

- 29 - 

Paying Agent shall mean any Person authorized under the Indenture to make the distributions required under Sections 3.4 of the Indenture, which such Person initially shall be the Indenture Trustee. 

Payment Date shall mean the fifteenth day of each month, or, if such date is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day, commencing on the Initial Payment Date. 

Payment Default Event shall have occurred if (a) the Notes shall become due and payable pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Event of Default or (b) the Notes shall otherwise become due and payable following an Event of Default under the Indenture and both of the Funding Agents have, in their good faith judgment, determined that the value of the assets comprising the Trust Estate is less than the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance. 

Permitted Liens shall mean (a) with respect to Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate, (i) Liens for state, municipal or other local taxes if such taxes shall not at the time be due and payable, or such exceptions as may be set forth in any related lender s title insurance policy or in any related lender s title insurance commitment as of the applicable Transfer Date, (ii) Liens in favor of the Depositor and the Issuer created pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and (iii) Liens in favor of the Trust and the Indenture Trustee created pursuant to the Indenture; (b) with respect to the related Timeshare Property, (i) materialmen s, warehousemen s, mechanic s and other Liens arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums not due, (ii) Liens for state, municipal or other local taxes if such taxes shall not at the time be due and payable, (iii) Liens in favor of the Depositor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and (iv) the Obligor s interest in the Timeshare Property under the Timeshare Loan whether pursuant to the Club Trust Agreement or otherwise; and (c) with respect to Timeshare Loans and Related Security in the Trust Estate, any and all rights of the Beneficiaries referred to in the Club Trust Agreement under such Club Trust Agreement. 

Person shall mean an individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority, or other entity of whatever nature. 

Portfolio Loans shall mean all assets serviced by the Servicer other than Introductory Loans , Conversion Loans and loans serviced on behalf of any fee-based service client . 

Post-Redemption Monthly Fee shall mean, for any Payment Date after the occurrence of a redemption of all of the Notes pursuant to Article XIV of the Indenture but prior to the first Borrowing thereafter, the amount required to make the payments required to be made pursuant Section 3.4(a) of the Indenture. 

Predecessor Servicer Work Product shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.4(b) of the Indenture. 

Prime Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination, the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by KeyBank National Association as its prime rate in effect as of such date; each change to the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

- 30 - 

Principal Distribution Amount shall mean an amount equal to, with respect to each Payment Date, the amount of principal that must be repaid on all Notes such that a Borrowing Base Deficiency will not occur, giving effect to distributions made pursuant to Section 3.4(a)(xi) of the Indenture on such Payment Date; provided , however , after the end of the Term-Out Period, the Principal Distribution Amount shall equal the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance. 

Provision (Benefit) For Income Taxes shall mean, for any accounting period, the amount for such accounting period disclosed with the caption Provision (Benefit) For Income Taxes or its equivalent, on the Servicer s consolidated statement of income (or consolidated statement of operations, as applicable) prepared in accordance with GAAP, plus franchise tax expense for such accounting period, without duplication. 

Purchase Agreement shall mean the thir d amended and restated purchase and contribution agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , between the Seller and the Depositor pursuant to which the Seller sells, from time to time, Timeshare Loans to the Depositor, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Purchaser shall mean a Conduit Purchaser or a Bank Purchaser. 

Purchaser Group shall mean each group consisting of one or more Purchasers and a Funding Agent identified in the Joinder Supplement or Transfer Supplement pursuant to which such Persons become party to the Note Funding Agreement. 

Purchaser/Participant Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 8.2 of the Note Funding Agreement. 

Qualified Hedge Counterparty shall mean (a) any member of a Purchaser Group or (b) any financial institution with a short term rating of at least A-1+ from S P (or A-1 if such institution has a long term credit rating of AA or higher) and P-1 from Moody s. 

Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan shall mean a timeshare loan (a) that, when aggregated with other Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans being substituted on such Transfer Date, has a Loan Balance, after application of all payments of principal due and received during or prior to the month of substitution, not in excess of the Loan Balance of the Timeshare Loan being substituted on the related Transfer Date, and (b) that complies, as of the related Transfer Date, with each of the representations and warranties contained in the Sale Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, including that such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan is an Eligible Timeshare Loan, and (c) the stated maturity of such Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan is not later than the Payment Date in December 203 7 ; provided that there will be no age requirement if a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan is an Upgrade Club Loan replacing an Original Club Loan with the same Obligor. 

Ramp-Up Period shall mean the period beginning after the occurrence of a Takeout F inancing and ending on the date which is the earlier of (a) the date that is o ne hundred twenty 120 days after the end of the prefunding period of the most recent Takeout F inancing and (b) the date on which the Aggregate Loan Balance of all Timeshare Loans in the Trust Estate 

- 31 - 

exceeds 50,000 ,000. After the occurrence of each Takeout F inancing, the Ramp-Up Period shall be reset. 

Receivable-Backed Notes Payable shall mean, with respect to the Servicer and its Subsidiaries at any date, Debt shown on the Servicer s consolidated balance sheet under the captions Receivable-backed notes payable recourse , Receivable-backed notes payable non-recourse , and any substantially similar debt. 

Receivables shall mean the payments required to be made pursuant to a Timeshare Loan. 

Record Date shall mean, with respect to any Payment Date, the close of business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding the month such Payment Date occurs. 

Recoveries shall mean, for any accounting period, without duplication, the sum of incremental profits recognized in accordance with GAAP included in the Servicer s consolidated statement of income (or statement of operations, as applicable) (a) resulting solely from the previous recognition of Non-Cash Intangible Asset Impairment Charges and (b) (i) gains on the sale of the Servicer s property and equipment; and (ii) gains on the sale of the Servicer s notes receivable. 

Recovery Ratio shall mean, for any Determination Date, (a) if any Timeshare Loans became Defaulted Timeshare Loans during the three immediately preceding Due Periods (or if fewer than three Due Periods have elapsed, the actual number of Due Periods which have elapsed), the percentage equivalent of a fraction (i) the numerator of which is equal to the sum of (x) the aggregate Loan Balance of all Timeshare Loans that became Defaulted Timeshare Loans during the three immediately preceding Due Periods (or if fewer than three Due Periods have elapsed, the actual number of Due Periods which have elapsed) that were substituted for or repurchased by the Club Originator prior to such Determination Date (with the Loan Balance of each Defaulted Timeshare Loan determined as of the day immediately preceding the date on which such Timeshare Loan became a Defaulted Timeshare Loan) and (y) all Net Liquidation Proceeds received during the three immediately preceding Due Periods (or if fewer than three Due Periods have elapsed, the actual number of Due Periods which have elapsed) in respect of Defaulted Timeshare Loans that were not substituted or repurchased by the Club Originator prior to such Determination Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate Loan Balance of all Timeshare Loans that become Defaulted Timeshare Loans during the three immediately preceding Due Periods (or if fewer than three Due Periods have elapsed, the actual number of Due Periods which have elapsed) and (b) if no Timeshare Loans became Defaulted Timeshare Loans during the three immediately preceding Due Periods (or if fewer than three Due Periods have elapsed, the actual number of Due Periods which have elapsed), 100 . 

Redemption Date shall mean the date on which the Notes shall be redeemed pursuant to Section 14.1 of the Indenture. 

- 32 - 

Redemption Price shall mean, with respect to each Note, the sum of the Outstanding Note Balance of such Note, together with interest accrued and unpaid thereon at the SOFR Bank Rate up to and including the Redemption Date. 

Related Security shall mean with respect to any Timeshare Loan, (a) all of the Issuer s interest in the Timeshare Property arising under or in connection with the related Mortgage, Owner Beneficiary Rights, Vacation Points and the related Timeshare Loan Files, (b) all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Timeshare Loan, together with all mortgages, assignments and financing statements signed by the Club Trustee on behalf of an Obligor describing any collateral securing such Timeshare Loan, (c) all guarantees, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Timeshare Loan, and (d) all other security and books, records and computer tapes relating to the foregoing. 

Remarketing Agent shall mean Bluegreen. 

Remarketing Agreement shall mean that certain thir d amended and restated remarketing agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022 , by and among, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Remarketing Agent and the Indenture Trustee, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof . 

Repurchase Price shall mean with respect to any Timeshare Loan to be repurchased by the Depositor pursuant to the Sale Agreement or by the Seller pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, an amount equal to the Loan Balance of such Timeshare Loan as of the date of such repurchase, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such Timeshare Loan at the related Timeshare Loan Rate to, but not including, the due date in the then current Due Period. 

Request for Release shall be a request for release of Timeshare Loan Documents in the form required by the Custodial Agreement. 

Required Hedge Amount shall mean for any Funding Date, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Funding Date Advance Rate and (y) the aggregate Loan Balance of Timeshare Loans related to the Borrowing on such Funding Date. 

Required Noteholders shall mean the Noteholders representing at least 50 of the Aggregate Commitments (calculated to exclude the Commitments of any Defaulting Purchase r) . 

Required Payments shall mean each of the items described in (i) through (xi) of Section 3.4 of the Indenture. 

Requirements of Law shall mean, as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation, determination or order of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

- 33 - 

Reservation System shall mean the reservation system utilized by the Club and owned by the Club Managing Entity or the services contracted by the Club Managing Entity with a third party. 

Residual Interest Certificate shall mean the certificate issued under the Trust Agreement, which represents the economic residual interest of the Trust formed thereunder. 

Residual Interest Owner shall mean the owner of the Residual Interest Certificate issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Agreement, which shall initially be the Depositor. 

Resort shall mean, as the context shall require, the resort at which the Timeshare Property related to a Timeshare Loan is located. 

Resort Interests shall have the meaning specified in the Club Trust Agreement. 

Responsible Officer shall mean (a) when used with respect to the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, any officer assigned to the Owner Trustee Corporate Trust Office or the Corporate Trust Office, respectively, and having direct responsibility for the administration of the Trust Agreement or the Indenture, as applicable, including any Managing Director, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer, any trust officer or any other officer such Person customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers, and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officer s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject; (b) when used with respect to the Servicer, the Chief Financial Officer, a Senior Vice President, a Vice President, an Assistant Vice President, the Chief Accounting Officer or the Secretary of the Servicer; and (c) with respect to any other Person, the chairman of the board, chief financial officer, the president, a vice president, the treasurer, an assistant treasurer, the secretary, an assistant secretary, the controller, general partner, trustee or the manager of such Person. 

S P shall mean S P Global Ratings , a business unit of Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, or its successor. 

Sale Agreement shall mean that certain Thir d Amended and Restated Sale Agreement, dated as of September 30 , 2022, between the Depositor and the Issuer pursuant to which the Depositor sells Timeshare Loans, from time to time, to the Issuer, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Sanctioned Country shall mean a country subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/programs , or as otherwise published from time to time. 

Sanctioned Person shall mean (a) a Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC available at http://www.treas.gov/ offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn , or as otherwise published from time to time, or (b)(i) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, (ii) an organization controlled by 

- 34 - 

a Sanctioned Country or (iii) a Person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC. 

Schedule of Timeshare Loans shall mean the list of Timeshare Loans delivered pursuant to the Sale Agreement, as amended from time to time to reflect repurchases, substitutions, and Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans conveyed pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, which list shall set forth the following information with respect to each Timeshare Loan as of the related Cut-Off Date, as applicable, in numbered columns: 

1 

Name of Obligor 

2 

Condo Ref/Loan Number 

3 

Interest Rate Per Annum 

4 

Date of Origin 

5 

Maturity 

6 

Monthly Payment 

7 

Original Loan Balance 

8 

Original Term 

9 

Outstanding Loan Balance 

10 

Down Payment 

11 

First payment date 

12 

Loan Term 

13 

Zip Code 

14 

FICO Score at origination 

15 

Remaining Term 

16 

Current State of Obligor 

17 

Current Country of Obligor 

18 

Extensions Flags 

If the Schedule of Timeshare Loans is provided in electronic format, it shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit E to the Custodial Agreement (which, in any event, shall contain all the information specified above . 

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Seller shall mean Bluegreen. 

Sequential Pay Event shall mean either a Payment Default Event or a Trust Estate Liquidation Event. 

Severance shall mean an amount paid to an employee upon separation, including upon dismissal or discharge, from employment. 

Servicer shall mean Bluegreen in its capacity as servicer under the Indenture, the Backup Servicing Agreement and the Custodial Agreement, and its permitted successors and assigns. 

Servicer Event of Default shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 

- 35 - 

(a) any failure by the Servicer to make any required payment, transfer or deposit when due as required by the Indenture and the continuance of such default for a period of two Business Days; provided , however , that the period within which the Servicer shall make any required payment, transfer or deposit shall be extended to such longer period as is appropriate in the event of a Force Majeure Delay; provided , further , that such longer period shall not exceed five Business Days; or 

(b) any failure by the Servicer to provide any required report within five Business Days of when such report is required to be delivered pursuant to the Indenture; provided , however , that the period within which the Servicer shall deliver such reports shall be extended to such longer period as is appropriate in the event of a Force Majeure Delay; provided , further , that such longer period shall not exceed ten Business Days from when such report is required to be delivered pursuant to the Indenture; or 

(c) any failure by the Servicer to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement which has a material adverse effect on the Noteholders and such failure is not remedied within 30 days (or, if the Servicer shall have provided evidence satisfactory to the Funding Agents, in their sole discretion, (i) that such breach cannot be cured in the 30-day period, (ii) that such breach can be cured within an additional 30-day period and (iii) that it is diligently pursuing a cure, then 60 days), after the earlier of (x) the Servicer first acquiring Knowledge thereof and (y) the Indenture Trustee s or Funding Agents giving written notice thereof to the Servicer; provided , however , that if such default or breach is in respect of a covenant that cannot be cured, there shall be no grace period whatsoever; or 

(d) any representation or warranty made by the Servicer in the Indenture shall prove to be incorrect as of the time when the same shall have been made, and such breach is not remedied within 30 days (or, if the Servicer shall have provided evidence satisfactory to the Agent, in its sole discretion, (i) that such breach cannot be cured in the 30-day period, (ii) that such breach can be cured within an additional 30-day period and (iii) that it is diligently pursuing a cure, then 60 days) after the earlier of (x) the Servicer first acquiring Knowledge thereof and (y) the Indenture Trustee's or Agent s giving written notice thereof to the Servicer; provided , however , that if such breach is in respect of a representation or warranty that cannot be cured, there shall be no grace period whatsoever; or 

(e) the entry by a court having competent jurisdiction in respect of the Servicer of (i) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Servicer in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar law or (ii) a decree or order adjudging the Servicer as a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, or composition of or in respect of the Servicer under any applicable federal or state law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, or other similar official of the Servicer, or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; 

(f) the commencement by the Servicer of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar law or of 

- 36 - 

any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated as a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by either to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Servicer in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, or similar official of the Servicer or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the Servicer's failure to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Servicer in furtherance of any such action; 

(g) the occurrence of a Cash Accumulation Event set forth in clause (i) of the definition thereof that remains uncured for three consecutive Determination Dates; 

(h) so long as the Servicer is the Club Originator, any failure of the Club Originator to comply with its repurchase or substitution obligations specified in the Sale Agreement within the time periods specified therein; 

(i) [Reserved] ; 

(j) there shall have occurred any material adverse change in the operations of the Servicer since the Amendment Closing Date, or any other event shall have occurred which materially adversely affects the Servicer s ability to either service the Timeshare Loans or to perform under the Indenture; 

(k) a default or breach shall occur under any other agreement, document or instrument to which the Servicer is a party or by which the Servicer or its property is bound that is not cured within any applicable grace period therefor, and such default or breach (i) involves the failure to make any payment when due in respect of any Indebtedness of the Servicer in excess of five percent (5 of the Servicer's Tangible Net Worth, or (ii) causes, or permits any holder of such Indebtedness or a trustee or agent to cause, Indebtedness or a portion thereof in excess of five percent (5 of the Servicer's Tangible Net Worth to become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled dates of payment, regardless of whether such default is waived, or such right is exercised, by such holder, trustee or agent; 

(l) the Servicer (so long as the Servicer is the Club Originator) ceases to own at least 100 of the Depositor; or 

(m) any failure by the Servicer to satisfy the Servicer Financial Covenants (other than a failure to satisfy item (d) of the Servicer Financial Covenants); or 

(n) any failure by the Servicer to satisfy item (d) of the Servicer Financial Covenants and such failure remains uncured for (i) five Business Days , if the failure is a result of the Servicer having Liquidity less than 35 ,000,000, or (ii) 30 days if the failure is a result of the Servicer having Liquidity equal to or greater than 35 ,000,000 but less than 50 ,000,000; or 

- 37 - 

(o) there occurs (i) an event under the Corporate Revolver Facility that is an Event of Default as defined thereunder, or, if such term is not defined thereunder, an event as defined using a term similar to Event of Default provided, that if such Corporate Revolver Facility by its original terms and not by way of amendment or waiver following the event that caused the Event of Default, provides for a cure period after an Event of Default thereunder, then this clause (o) of the definition of Servicer Event of Default will be subject to such cure period , (ii) a failure to pay when due under any Material Credit Facility (other than the Corporate Revolver Facility) or (iii) an event of default under any Material Credit Facility (other than the Corporate Revolver Facility) that is an Event of Default as defined thereunder, or, if such term is not defined thereunder, an event as defined using a term similar to Event of Default and the indebtedness related thereto is accelerated. 

Servicer Financial Covenants shall be satisfied on any date of determination if each of the following is true: 

(a) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the Servicer shall have an Interest Coverage Ratio greater than or equal to 2.50:1.00 ; 

(b) at the end of the most recent quarter, the Servicer shall have a Leverage Ratio of no greater than 2 .25 :1 .00 ; 

(c) at the most recent Test Date, the average Delinquency Level (Portfolio) for the last three Test Dates is less than or equal to 7 and the average Default Level (Portfolio) for the last three Test Dates is less than or equal to 14 ; and 

(d) at the most recent Test Date, the Servicer shall have Liquidity equal to at least 50 ,000,000. 

Servicer Termination Costs shall mean any extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Indenture Trustee associated with the transfer of servicing. 

Servicing Fee shall mean for any Payment Date, the product of (a)(i) if Bluegreen or an affiliate thereof is Servicer, one-twelfth of 1.50 and (ii) if the Indenture Trustee is the successor Servicer, one-twelfth of 1.55 , and (b) the Aggregate Loan Balance as of the first day of the related Due Period; provided that if the Indenture Trustee is the successor Servicer, it shall, after payment of the Backup Servicing Fee, be entitled to a minimum monthly payment of 5,500.00. 

Servicing Officer shall mean those officers of the Servicer involved in, or responsible for, the administration and servicing of the Timeshare Loans, as identified on the list of Servicing Officers furnished by the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders from time to time. 

Servicing Standard shall mean, with respect to the Servicer, the Backup Servicer and any successor servicer, a servicing standard which complies with applicable law, the terms of the Transaction Documents, the terms of the respective Timeshare Loans and, to the extent consistent with the foregoing, to the best knowledge of the Servicer, is materially consistent with the customary standard of prudent servicers of loans secured by timeshare interests similar to the 

- 38 - 

Timeshare Properties, but in no event lower than the standards employed by it when servicing loans for its own account or other third parties, but, in any case, without regard for (a) any relationship that it or any of its Affiliates may have with the related Obligor, and (b) its right to receive compensation for its services under the Indenture or with respect to any particular transaction. 

Similar Law shall mean the prohibited transaction rules under ERISA or section 4975 of the Code or any substantially similar provision of federal, state or local law. 

SOFR Bank Component Amount shall mean, with respect to a Note and a Payment Date, an amount equal to, for a Noteholder and the related Interest Accrual Period, the sum of (a) interest accrued during such Interest Accrual Period at the SOFR Bank Rate on the weighted average of such Noteholder s Outstanding Note Balance of such Note immediately prior to such Payment Date and (b) the amount of unpaid SOFR Bank Component Amounts from prior Payment Dates for such Note, plus, to the extent permitted by applicable law, interest on such unpaid amount at the SOFR Bank Rate. The SOFR Bank Component Amount shall be calculated on an actual/360 basis. 

SOFR Bank Rate shall mean (a) prior to the commencement of the Term-Out Period, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (subject to the Floor) plus 1.75 , (b) during the Term-Out Period, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (subject to the Floor) plus 2.75 and (c) upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default and at the request of the Required Lenders, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (subject to the Floor) plus 3.75 . 

Stated Maturity shall mean the Payment Date occurring in December 20 40 . 

Statutory Trust Statute shall mean the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del. C. 3801, et seq., as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Stock Compensation Expense shall mean, for any accounting period, the amount for such accounting period disclosed with the caption Non-cash stock compensation expense , or its equivalent, on the Servicer s consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 

Subordinated Indebtedness shall mean as of any date of determination (a) the current outstanding balance of indebtedness of Bluegreen which is denoted in Bluegreen s audited financial statements in effect on the Closing Date as any junior subordinated debentures that are outstanding on the Closing Date plus (b) any subordinated indebtedness thereafter approved as such by the Funding Agents for purposes of the calculation of the Servicer Financial Covenants. 

Subsequent Cut-Off Date shall mean with respect to any Transfer Date, (a) the close of business on the last day of the Due Period immediately preceding such Transfer Date or (b) such other date designated by the Servicer. 

Subsequent Funding Date shall mean any Funding Date other than the Initial Funding Date. 

- 39 - 

Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership or other entity of which at least a majority of the securities or other ownership interests having by the terms of thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions of such corporation, partnership or other entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time securities or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership or other entity shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Substitution Shortfall Amount shall mean with respect to any Transfer Date, an amount equal to the excess of the aggregate Loan Balances of the substituted Timeshare Loans over the aggregate Loan Balances of the Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loans. 

Takeout Financing shall mean any securitization or other financing of the assets securing the Notes whereby at least 95 of the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance is repaid from the proceeds of such securitization or other financing. 

Tangible Net Worth shall mean Consolidated Net Worth minus Intangible Assets plus Subordinated Indebtedness. 

TARGET2 Day shall mean any day on which TARGET2, the real time gross settlement system owned and operated by the eurosystem, is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 

Term-Out Period shall mean the period commencing on the Facility Termination Date and ending on the date which is 1 2 months after the Facility Termination Date. 

Test Date shall mean the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding a Payment Date. 

Timeshare Declaration shall mean the declaration or other document recorded in the real estate records of the applicable municipality or government office where a Resort is located for the purpose of creating and governing the rights of owners of Timeshare Properties related thereto, as it may be in effect from time to time. 

Timeshare Loan shall mean a Club Loan or a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan subject to the Lien of the Indenture. As used in the Transaction Documents, the term Timeshare Loan shall include the related Mortgage Note, Mortgage, the Owner Beneficiary Agreement and other Related Security contained in the related Timeshare Loan Documents. 

Timeshare Loan Acquisition Price shall mean with respect to any Timeshare Loan, an amount equal to the Loan Balance of such Timeshare Loan plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon up to and including the related Cut-Off Date. 

Timeshare Loan Documents shall mean with respect to each Timeshare Loan and each Obligor, the related (a) Timeshare Loan Files, and (b) Timeshare Loan Servicing Files. 

- 40 - 

Timeshare Loan File Deficiency shall mean any Timeshare Loan for which the related Timeshare Loan File does not contain any of (a) the original recorded Mortgage (or an electronic copy of the mortgage, including evidence of recording), (b) the original Assignments of Mortgage in recordable form (which may be a part of a blanket assignment of more than one Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan)), showing the assignment of such Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan) from the Club Originator to ___________, or (c) a final original or electronic copy of lender s title insurance policy showing only exceptions to coverage that would be customarily acceptable to a prudent real estate lender; provided, however, with respect to (a) and (b) above, no Timeshare Loan File Deficiency shall exist if the reason for such deficiency is not within the control of the Servicer. 

Timeshare Loan File Deficiency Excluded Balance shall mean for any date of determination and for all Timeshare Loans related to a Custodian s Certification that is 180 or more days old, the aggregate Loan Balance of all Timeshare Loans related to such Custodian s Certification that have a Timeshare Loan File Deficiency, if any. 

Timeshare Loan Files shall mean, with respect to a Timeshare Loan, all documents related to such Timeshare Loan, including: 

1. 

with respect to a Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan), the original Mortgage Note, or a Lost Note Affidavit with respect thereto, executed by the Obligor, endorsed either as (i) Pay to the order of ________, without recourse, representation or warranty (either directly on the Mortgage Note or on an allonge placed with such Mortgage Note), by an Authorized Officer of the Club Originator (such Authorized Officer s signature may be computer generated), or (ii) a chain of endorsement substantially in one of the Forms of Allonge attached hereto as Annex A to these Standard Definitions, (in the case of both clauses (i) and (ii) above, together with a complete chain of endorsements from the original payee to the Club Originator, if applicable) ; 

2. 

with respect to a Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan), (i) an original Mortgage with evidence that such Mortgage has been recorded in the appropriate recording office (or an electronic copy of the mortgage including evidence of filing) or (ii) if such Mortgage has not yet been returned to the Club Originator by such recording office, a copy of the unrecorded Mortgage that has been delivered to such recording office (with evidence that such Mortgage has been delivered to the appropriate recording office for recording) ; 

3. 

with respect to a Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan), original Assignments of Mortgage in recordable form, but unrecorded, (which may be a part of a blanket assignment, with the original blanket Assignments of Mortgage held by the Custodian in the related master pool header file), showing the assignment of such Club Loan from the Club Originator to ___________ ; 

- 41 - 

4. 

with respect to a Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan), the UCC financing statement, if any, evidencing that the security interest granted under such Timeshare Loan, if any, has been perfected under applicable state law; 

5. 

with respect to a Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan), (i) a copy of any recorded warranty deed transferring legal title to the related Timeshare Property to the Club Trustee, or (ii) if such recorded warranty deed has not yet been returned to the Club Originator, a copy of a warranty deed sent for recording; 

6. 

with respect to a Club Loan (other than an Aruba Club Loan), either (i) a final original or electronic copy of the lender s title insurance policy (which may consist of one master policy referencing one or more Mortgages) showing no exceptions to coverage (other than Permitted Liens) or (ii) a binding unconditional commitment to issue a title insurance policy showing no exceptions to coverage (other than Permitted Liens) (which may be a master commitment referencing one or more Mortgages, the original or electronic copy of the master commitment to be held by the Custodian in the related master pool header file), in all cases referencing such Timeshare Loan and insuring Bluegreen Vacations Corporation and its successors and/or assigns; 

7. 

the original of any related assignment or guarantee or, if such original is unavailable, a copy thereof certified by an Authorized Officer of the Club Originator to be a true and correct copy, current and historical computerized data files; 

8. 

the original of any assumption agreement or any refinancing agreement; 

9. 

with respect to an Aruba Club Loan, the original related Owner Beneficiary Agreement (or a Lost Note Affidavit with respect thereto); 

10. 

all related Owner Beneficiary Agreements, finance applications, sale and escrow documents executed and delivered by the related Obligor with respect to the purchase of a Timeshare Property; 

11. 

all other papers and records of whatever kind or description, whether developed or originated by an Originator or another Person, required to document, service or enforce a Timeshare Loan; and 

12. 

any additional amendments, supplements, extensions, modifications or waiver agreements required to be added to the Timeshare Loan Files pursuant to the Indenture, the Credit Policy, the Collection Policy or the other Transaction Documents, if any . 

Where documents are not required to be originals, the copies of the same that are a part of any Timeshare Loan File may be in electronic or paper format. 

- 42 - 

Timeshare Loan Rate shall mean with respect to any Timeshare Loan, the specified coupon rate thereon. 

Timeshare Loan Servicing Files shall mean with respect to each Timeshare Loan and each Obligor, the portion of the Timeshare Loan Files necessary for the Servicer to service such Timeshare Loan including but not limited to (a) the copy of the truth-in-lending disclosure statement executed by such Obligor, as applicable, (b) all writings pursuant to which such Timeshare Loan arises or which evidences such Timeshare Loan and not delivered to the Custodian, (c) all papers and computerized records customarily maintained by the Servicer in servicing timeshare loans comparable to the Timeshare Loans in accordance with the Servicing Standard and (d) each Timeshare Program Consumer Document (not the original), if applicable, related to the applicable Timeshare Property. 

Timeshare Program shall mean the program under which (a) an Obligor has purchased a Timeshare Property and (b) an Obligor shares in the expenses associated with the operation and management of such program. 

Timeshare Program Consumer Documents shall mean, as applicable, the Owner Beneficiary Agreement, Mortgage Note, Mortgage, any rescission right notices, public offering statements and other documents and disclosures used or to be used by an Originator in connection with the sale of Timeshare Properties. 

Timeshare Program Governing Documents shall mean the articles of organization or articles of incorporation of each Association, the rules and regulations of each Association, the Timeshare Program management contract between each Association and a management company, and any subsidy agreement by which an Originator is obligated to subsidize shortfalls in the budget of a Timeshare Program in lieu of paying assessments, as they may be from time to time in effect and all amendments, modifications and restatements of any of the foregoing. 

Timeshare Property shall mean (a) with respect to a Deeded Club Loan, a fractional fee simple timeshare interest in a Unit in a Resort (or phase thereof) or an undivided interest in a Resort (or a phase thereof) associated with a Unit and (b) with respect to an Aruba Club Loan, Co-op Shares. 

Total Liabilities shall mean the Indebtedness of Bluegreen which is denoted in Bluegreen s audited (or, to the extent audited are not available, unaudited) quarterly financial statements as Total Liabilities as determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Transaction Documents shall mean the Indenture, the Purchase Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Lockbox Agreement, the Backup Servicing Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the Remarketing Agreement, the Custodial Agreement, the Note Funding Agreement, the Fee Letter, and all other agreements, documents or instruments (other than the Timeshare Loan Documents) delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby. 

Transfer Date shall mean with respect to a Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan, the date on which the Seller substitutes one or more Timeshare Loan in accordance with Section 4.6 of the Indenture. 

- 43 - 

Treasury Regulations shall mean the regulations, included proposed or temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code. References herein to specific provisions of proposed or temporary regulations shall include analogous provisions of final Treasury Regulations or other successor Treasury Regulations. 

Trust shall mean the Issuer. 

Trust Accounts shall mean collectively, the Lockbox Account, the Collection Account and the General Reserve Account. 

Trust Agreement shall mean the Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of the Amendment Closing Date, by and among Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I, GSS Holdings, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof . 

Trust Certificate shall mean the certificate issued under the Trust Agreement, which represents the sole equity interest in the Trust formed thereunder. 

Trust Estate shall have the meaning specified in the Granting Clause of the Indenture. 

Trust Estate Liquidation Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.6(b) of the Indenture. 

Trust Owner shall mean the owner of the non-economic Trust Certificate issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Agreement, which shall be GSS Holdings, Inc. 

Trust Owner Fee shall mean an annual fee equal to 3,500. 

Trust Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 3.13 of the Trust Agreement. 

UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the applicable jurisdiction or jurisdictions. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall mean the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Unit(s) : shall mean one individual air-space condominium unit, cabin, villa, cottage, townhome, platform tent, cabin, campsite for recreational vehicle or lot within a Resort, together with all furniture, fixtures and furnishings therein, if applicable, and together with any and all interests in common elements appurtenant thereto, as provided in the related Timeshare Program Governing Documents. 

Upgrade shall mean the process in which (a) an obligor of an Original Club Loan elects to (i)(A) reconvey the existing Club Property for a new Club Property (such new Club Property having a greater dollar value than the existing Club Property) and (B) cancel the Original Club Loan in exchange for an Upgrade Club Loan secured by such new Club Property or (ii)(A) 

- 44 - 

acquires additional Club Property and (B) cancels the Original Club Loan in exchange for an Upgrade Club Loan from the Club Originator secured by the existing Club Property and the additional Club Property or (b) an owner of existing Club Property that is fully paid elects to (i) reconvey such Club Property for new Club Property (such new Club Property having a greater dollar value than the existing Club Property) or (ii) acquires additional Club Property. 

Upgrade Club Loan shall mean the new timeshare loan originated by the Club Originator in connection with an Upgrade. 

Vacation Points shall have the meaning specified in the Club Trust Agreement. 

Weighted Average Advance Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination, with respect to all Eligible Timeshare Loans included in the Net Portfolio Amount, the percentage, rounded to the nearest 0.01 obtained by (i) summing the products obtained by multiplying (a) the Advance Rate of each such Eligible Timeshare Loan by (b) such Eligible Timeshare Loan s contribution to the Net Portfolio Amount and (ii) dividing such sum by the Net Portfolio Amount, provided that such percentage shall not exceed 85 . 

Wilderness Resort shall mean BG Wilderness Traveler at Shenandoah and any other Resort designated by Bluegreen (by written notice to each of the Funding Agents) as an outdoor, wilderness experiential resort. 

Wilderness Loan shall mean a Timeshare Loan at a Wilderness Resort that is secured by a Unit that is a platform tent, cabin or a campsite for a recreational vehicle. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

- 45 - 

ANNEX A 

Forms of Allonge 

- 46 - 

</EX-10.98>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 bvh-20221231xex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries OF Bluegreen Vacations HOLDING Corporation 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Woodbridge Holdings Corporation 

Florida 

Share Happiness Captive Insurance Company, LLC 

Tennessee 

Subsidiaries OF WOODBRIDGE HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Bluegreen Vacations Corporation 

Florida 

Core Communities of South Carolina, LLC 

So. Carolina 

Carolina Oak Homes, LLC 

So. Carolina 

Subsidiaries OF Bluegreen Vacations Corporation 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
					 
						 O r Organization 

BBCV Receivables-Q 2010, LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Asset Management Corporation 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Beverage, LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Communities of Texas, LP 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Corporation of Tennessee 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Golf Clubs, Inc. 

Delaware 

Bluegreen HoldCo, LLC 

Nevada 

Bluegreen Holding Corporation (Texas) 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Louisiana, LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Management Resources, LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Nevada, LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen New Jersey, LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Properties N.V. 

Aruba 

Bluegreen Properties of Virginia, Inc. 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Purchasing Design, Inc. 

Florida 

Bluegreen Receivables Finance Corporation III 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Resorts International, Inc. 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Resorts Management, Inc. 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Servicing LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Southwest Land, Inc. 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Southwest One, L.P. 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Specialty Finance, LLC 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Timeshare Finance Corporation I 

Delaware 

Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc. 

Florida 

Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC 

Delaware 

BRFC 2015-A LLC 

Delaware 

BRFC 2016-A LLC 

Delaware 

BRFC 2017-A LLC 

Delaware 

BRFC 2018-A LLC 

Delaware 

BRFC 2020-A LLC 

Delaware 

BRFC 2022-A LLC 

Delaware 

BRFC III Deed Corporation 

Delaware 

BRFC-Q 2010, LLC 

Delaware 

BRM Bahamas Limited 

Bahamas 

BXG Construction, LLC 

Delaware 

Encore Rewards, Inc. 

Delaware 

Great Vacation Destinations, Inc. 

Florida 

Jordan Lake Preserve Corporation 

North Carolina 

Leisure Capital Corporation 

Vermont 

Managed Assets Corporation 

Delaware 

New England Advertising Corporation 

Vermont 

Pinnacle Vacations, Inc. 

Delaware 

Prizzma, LLC 

Delaware 

Resort Title Agency, Inc. 

Florida 

Resort Title Agency of Louisiana, LLC 

Louisiana 

SC Holdco, LLC 

Delaware 

Select Connections, LLC 

Delaware 

TFRI 2013-1 LLC 

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 bvh-20221231xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 - GT Consent

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated Marc h 1, 2021 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 2 . We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statement of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333- 258786 ). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Orlando, Florida 

March 13 , 202 3 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 10
 bvh-20221231xex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 - EY Consent

Exhibit 23. 2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-258786 of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation of our reports dated March 13, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Boca Raton, Florida 

March 13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 bvh-20221231xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

I, Alan B . Levan, certify that: 

1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation; 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13 , 20 2 3 

By : /s/Alan B. Levan 

Alan B . Levan, 

Chairman of the Board , 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 bvh-20221231xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

I, Raymond S . Lopez , certify that: 

1) 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation; 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13 , 20 2 3 

By : /s/ Raymond S. Lopez 

Raymond S. Lopez , 

Executive Vice President, Chief 

Operating Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 bvh-20221231xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10- K of B luegreen Vacations Holding Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31 , 20 2 2 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alan B . Levan, Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Alan B . Levan 

Name: Alan B . Levan 

Title: Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: March 13 , 20 2 3 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 bvh-20221231xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of B luegreen Vacations Holding Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 20 2 2 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Raymond S. Lopez , Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Raymond S. Lopez 

Name: Raymond S. Lopez 

Title: Executive Vice President, Chi ef Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date : March 13 , 20 2 3 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 bvh-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 bvh-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 bvh-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 bvh-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 bvh-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

