<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_19617_0000019617-23-000231.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>72224070</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1259969</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>14951039</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>29060491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>12825324</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>12622009</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000019617-23-000231.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221161355
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000019617-23-000231
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		237
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000019617
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				132624428
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05805
		FILM NUMBER:		23648267

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		383 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2122706000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		383 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	J P MORGAN CHASE & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHASE MANHATTAN CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHEMICAL BANKING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000019617-23-000231.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 jpm-20221231.htm
 10-K

jpm-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of 
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended Commission file , 2022 number 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of JPMorgan Chase Co. common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022: 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of January 31, 2023: 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Form 10-K Index 
 Part I 
 Page Item 1. 
 Business . 
 1 Overview 
 1 Business segments 
 1 Competition 
 1 Human capital 
 2-3 Supervision and regulation 
 4-8 Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders equity; interest rates and interest differentials 
 292-296 Return on equity and assets 
 44, 159, 292 Investment securities portfolio 
 217 Loans 
 108-126, 225-241 Allowance for credit losses 
 127-129, 242-246 Deposits 
 259 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 9-32 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 33 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 33 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 33 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 33 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 34 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 34 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 34 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 34 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 35 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 35 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 35 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 35 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 35 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 36 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 37 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 37 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 37 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 37 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 38-41 

Part I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 Overview 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. JPMorgan Chase or the Firm , NYSE: JPM), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America U.S. ), with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase had 3.7 trillion in assets and 292.3 billion in stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers, predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. 
 JPMorgan Chase s principal bank subsidiary is JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ), a national banking association with U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington, D.C. JPMorgan Chase s principal non-bank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC J.P. Morgan Securities ), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm s principal operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan SE JPMSE ), which are subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and are based in the United Kingdom U.K. and Germany, respectively. 
 The Firm s website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorgan Chase makes available on its website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at www.sec.gov. JPMorgan Chase makes new and important information about the Firm available on its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com, including on the Investor Relations section of its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/ir. Information on the Firm's website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 Form 10-K or Form 10-K or the Firm s other filings with the SEC. The Firm has adopted, and posted on its website, a Code of Conduct for all employees of the Firm and a Code of Ethics for its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and all other professionals of the Firm worldwide serving in a finance, accounting, treasury, tax or investor relations role. The Code of Ethics is also available in print upon request to the Firm s Investor Relations team. Within the time period required by the SEC, JPMorgan Chase will post on its website any amendment to the Code of Ethics and any waiver applicable to a director or executive officer. 

Business segments 
 For management reporting purposes, JPMorgan Chase s activities are organized into four major reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate segment. The Firm s consumer business is the Consumer Community Banking CCB segment. The Firm s wholesale business segments are the Corporate Investment Bank CIB ), Commercial Banking CB ), and Asset Wealth Management AWM ). 
 A description of the Firm s business segments and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases is provided in the Business segment results section of Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations Management s discussion and analysis or MD A ), beginning on page 46 and in Note 32. 
 
 Competition 
 JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries and affiliates operate in highly competitive environments. Competitors include other banks, brokerage firms, investment banking companies, merchant banks, hedge funds, commodity trading companies, private equity firms, insurance companies, mutual fund companies, investment managers, credit card companies, mortgage banking companies, trust companies, securities processing companies, automobile financing companies, leasing companies, e-commerce and other internet-based companies, financial technology companies, and other companies engaged in providing similar as well as new products and services. The Firm s businesses generally compete on the basis of the quality and variety of the Firm s products and services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. Competition also varies based on the types of clients, customers, industries and geographies served. With respect to some of its geographies and products, JPMorgan Chase competes globally; with respect to others, the Firm competes on a national or regional basis. New competitors in the financial services industry continue to emerge, including firms that offer products and services solely through the internet and non-financial companies that offer products and services that disintermediate traditional banking products and services offered by financial services firms such as JPMorgan Chase. 

1 

Part I 

 Human capital 
 JPMorgan Chase believes that its long-term growth and success depend on its ability to attract, develop and retain a high-performing and diverse workforce, with inclusion and accessibility as key components of the way the Firm does business. The information provided below relates to JPMorgan Chase s full-time and part-time employees and does not include the Firm s contractors. 
 Global workforce 
 As of December 31, 2022 , JPMorgan Chase had 293,723 employees globally, an increase of 22,698 employees from the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to additional employees in technology and operations, as well as front office. The Firm s employees are located in 63 countries, with over 60 of the Firm s employees located in the U.S. The following table presents the distribution of the Firm s global workforce by region and by line of business LOB and Corporate as of December 31, 2022 : 
 Employee Breakdown by Region Employee Breakdown by LOB and Corporate Region Employees LOB Employees North America 178,599 CCB 135,347 Asia-Pacific 82,696 CIB 73,452 Europe/Middle East/Africa 27,514 CB 14,687 Latin America/Caribbean 4,914 AWM 26,041 Total Firm 293,723 Corporate 44,196 Total Firm 293,723 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion 

In connection with its diversity initiatives, the Firm periodically requests that its employees and Board members self-identify based on specified diversity categories . The following table presents information on self-identifications as of December 31, 2022 . Information on race/ethnicity of employees is categorized based on Equal Employment Opportunity EEO classifications and is presented for U.S. employees who self-identified, and information on gender is presented for global employees who self-identified. Information on race/ethnicity and gender for members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors reflects all such members. Information on LGBTQ+ and veteran statuses is based on U.S. employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. Information on disability status is based on all U.S. employees and all members of the Operating Committee. 
 December 31, 2022 Total employees Senior level employees (e) 
 Operating Committee Board of Directors (f) 
 Race/Ethnicity (a) : 
 White 44 75 83 91 Hispanic 21 6 11 Asian 18 12 6 Black 14 5 9 Other (b) 
 3 2 Gender (c) : 
 Men 51 73 61 64 Women 49 27 39 36 LGBTQ+ (d) 
 4 3 6 Military veterans (d) 
 3 2 9 People with disabilities (d) 
 4 3 (g) 
 (a) Based on EEO metrics. Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identified race/ethnicity, which was 96 and 95 of the Firm s total U.S.-based employees and U.S.-based senior level employees, respectively, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. Information for the Operating Committee include one member who is based outside of the U.S. 
 (b) Other includes American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and two or more races/ethnicities. 
 (c) Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identified gender, which was 98 of the Firm s total global employees and 99 of the Firm s global senior level employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. 
 (d) Presented as a percentage of total U.S.-based employees, total U.S.-based senior level employees, all members of the Operating Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively. 
 (e) Senior level employees represents employees with the titles of Managing Director and above. 
 (f) Excludes Alicia Boler Davis, who was elected to the Firm s Board of Directors, effective March 20, 2023. 
 (g) The Firm did not request members of the Board of Directors to self-identify disability status. 

2 

Firm culture 
 The foundations of JPMorgan Chase s culture are its core values and How We Do Business Principles, which are fundamental to the Firm s success and are represented by four central corporate tenets: exceptional client service; operational excellence; a commitment to integrity, fairness and responsibility; and cultivation of a great team and winning culture. The Firm maintains its focus on its culture of inclusion and respect, which is reinforced by its Code of Conduct and by increasing employee awareness, education, communication and training. An important part of these efforts includes the Firm s Business Resource Groups, which are groups of employees who support JPMorgan Chase s diversity, equity and inclusion strategies by leveraging the unique perspectives of their members. The Firm has global Diversity, Equity Inclusion centers of excellence that lead the Firm s strategy in supporting its commitments to create more equity and lasting impact in communities, and strengthen its inclusive culture. 
 Attracting and retaining employees 
 The goal of JPMorgan Chase s recruitment efforts is to attract and hire talented individuals in all roles and at all career levels. The Firm strives to provide both external candidates and internal employees who are seeking a different role with challenging and stimulating career opportunities. These opportunities range from internship training programs for students to entry-level, management and executive careers. During 2022, approximately two-thirds of the Firm s employment opportunities were filled by external candidates, with the remainder filled by existing employees. In addition, depending on business needs, and where appropriate, the Firm has implemented hybrid work models which include a mix of on-site and remote work for certain roles. 
 Diversity is an important area of focus throughout the Firm s hiring process. JPMorgan Chase engages in efforts aimed at hiring diverse talent, including initiatives focused on gender, underrepresented ethnic groups, LGBTQ+ individuals, people with disabilities, veterans and others. The Firm s global Diversity, Equity Inclusion centers of excellence seek to increase representation of and advance career opportunities for talented diverse individuals across the Firm through initiatives such as career coaching and mentorship. 
 JPMorgan Chase offers a competitive fellowship program that seeks to attract accomplished individuals who have taken a career break and wish to return to the workforce. In addition, and where appropriate, the Firm s hiring practices focus on the skills of a job candidate rather than degrees held. 
 Developing employees 
 JPMorgan Chase supports the professional development and career growth of its employees. An onboarding training curriculum is required for new hires, which covers, among other topics, compliance with the Firm s Code of Conduct and information concerning Firm policies and standards, 

including those relating to cybersecurity. In addition, the Firm offers extensive training programs and educational resources to all employees, covering a broad variety of topics such as leadership, change management, analytical thinking, culture and conduct, diversity, equity and inclusion, and risk and controls. Leadership Edge, the Firm s global leadership and management development center of excellence, is focused on creating one Firmwide leadership culture. 
 Compensation and benefits 
 The Firm provides market-competitive compensation and benefits programs. JPMorgan Chase s compensation philosophy includes guiding principles that drive compensation-related decisions across the Firm, and includes: pay-for-performance practices designed to attract and retain top talent; responsiveness and alignment with shareholder interests; and reinforcement of the Firm s culture and How We Do Business Principles, including the integration of risk, controls and conduct considerations. The Firm s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion for all employees includes compensation review processes that seek to ensure that the Firm s employees are paid equitably and competitively for the work they do. 
 The Firm also supports employees well-being. JPMorgan Chase offers an extensive benefits and wellness package to employees and their families, including healthcare coverage, retirement benefits, life and disability insurance, on-site health and wellness centers, counseling and resources related to mental health, employee assistance programs, competitive vacation and leave policies, backup child care arrangements, tuition reimbursement programs, and financial coaching. In 2022, the Firm implemented or announced enhancements to certain health and wellness benefits for U.S. employees, including expanded medical plan coverage and paid time off policies related to parental, critical caregiving and bereavement leaves. 

3 

Part I 

 Supervision and regulation 
 The Firm is subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under U.S. federal and state laws, as well as the applicable laws of the jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which the Firm does business. 
 Financial holding company: 
 Consolidated supervision . JPMorgan Chase Co. is a bank holding company BHC and a financial holding company FHC under U.S. federal law, and is subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). The Federal Reserve acts as the supervisor of the consolidated operations of BHCs. Certain of JPMorgan Chase s subsidiaries are also regulated directly by additional authorities based on the activities or licenses of those subsidiaries. 
 JPMorgan Chase s national bank subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., is supervised and regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC and, with respect to certain matters, by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). 
 JPMorgan Chase s U.S. broker-dealers are supervised and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). Subsidiaries of the Firm that engage in certain futures-related and swaps-related activities are supervised and regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ). J.P. Morgan Securities plc is a U.K.-based bank regulated by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (the PRA and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA ). 
 JPMSE is a Germany-based credit institution regulated by the European Central Bank ECB as well as the local regulators in each of the countries in which it operates. The Firm s other non-U.S. subsidiaries are regulated by the banking, securities, prudential and conduct regulatory authorities, as applicable, in the countries in which they operate. 
 Permissible business activities . The Bank Holding Company Act restricts BHCs from engaging in business activities other than the business of banking and certain closely-related activities. FHCs are permitted to engage in a broader range of financial activities. The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility requirements. The Federal Reserve may also impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements on the FHC, and if deficiencies are persistent, may require divestiture of the FHC s depository institutions. If any depository institution controlled by an FHC fails to maintain a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act, the Federal Reserve must prohibit the FHC and its subsidiaries from engaging in any new activities other than 

those permissible for BHCs, or acquiring a company engaged in such activities. 
 Capital and liquidity requirements . The Federal Reserve establishes capital, liquidity and leverage requirements for JPMorgan Chase that are generally consistent with the international Basel III capital and liquidity framework and evaluates the Firm s compliance with those requirements. The OCC establishes similar requirements for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Certain of the Firm s non-U.S. subsidiaries and branches are also subject to local capital and liquidity requirements. 
 Banking supervisors globally continue to refine and enhance the Basel III capital framework for financial institutions. U.S. banking regulators have announced their support for the issuance of the Basel III reforms and are considering how to appropriately apply such reforms in the U.S. 
 Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96 and Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104. 
 Stress tests . As a large BHC, JPMorgan Chase is subject to supervisory stress testing administered by the Federal Reserve as part of the Federal Reserve s annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review CCAR framework. The Firm must conduct annual company-run stress tests and must also submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate stress tests designed by the Firm and the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve uses the results under the severely adverse scenario from its supervisory stress test to determine the Firm s Stress Capital Buffer SCB requirement for the coming year, which forms part of the Firm s applicable capital buffers. The Firm is required to file its annual CCAR submission on April 5, 2023. The Federal Reserve will notify the Firm of its indicative SCB requirement by June 30, 2023 and final SCB requirement by August 31, 2023. The Firm s final SCB requirement will become effective on October 1, 2023. The OCC requires JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to perform separate, similar stress tests annually. The Firm publishes each year the results of the annual stress tests for the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. under the supervisory severely adverse scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. 
 Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96 for more information concerning the Firm s CCAR. 
 Enhanced prudential standards . As part of its mandate to identify and monitor risks to the financial stability of the U.S. posed by large banking organizations, the Financial Stability Oversight Council FSOC recommends prudential standards and reporting requirements to the Federal Reserve for systemically important financial institutions SIFIs ), such as JPMorgan Chase. The Federal Reserve has adopted several rules to implement those heightened prudential standards, including rules relating to risk management and corporate governance of subject BHCs. JPMorgan Chase is required under these rules to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk 

4 

management standards, including oversight by the board of directors of risk management activities. 
 Resolution and recovery . The Firm is required to maintain a comprehensive recovery plan, updated annually, summarizing the actions it would take to remain well-capitalized and well-funded in order to avoid failure in the case of an adverse event. In addition, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is required to prepare and submit a recovery plan as directed by the OCC. The Firm is required to submit periodically to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a plan for resolution in the event of material distress or failure (a resolution plan ). In 2019, the FDIC and Federal Reserve revised the regulations governing resolution plan requirements, and on the basis of those revisions, the Firm s resolution plan submissions will alternate between targeted and full plans. The Firm s targeted resolution plan was filed on June 28, 2021, and the Firm's next "full" resolution plan is due to be filed on or before July 1, 2023. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is also required to prepare and submit a separate resolution plan as directed by the FDIC on or before December 1, 2023. 
 Certain of the Firm s non-U.S. subsidiaries and branches are also subject to local resolution and recovery planning requirements. 
 Orderly liquidation authority . Certain financial companies, including JPMorgan Chase and certain of its subsidiaries, can also be subjected to resolution under an orderly liquidation authority. The U.S. Treasury Secretary, in consultation with the President of the United States, must first make certain determinations concerning extraordinary financial distress and systemic risk, and action must be recommended by the FDIC and the Federal Reserve. Absent such actions, the Firm, as a BHC, would remain subject to resolution under the Bankruptcy Code. The FDIC has issued a draft policy statement describing its single point of entry strategy for resolution of SIFIs under the orderly liquidation authority, which seeks to keep operating subsidiaries of a BHC open and impose losses on shareholders and creditors of the BHC in receivership according to their statutory order of priority. 
 Holding company as a source of strength. JPMorgan Chase Co. is required to serve as a source of financial strength for its depository institution subsidiaries and to commit resources to support those subsidiaries, including when directed to do so by the Federal Reserve. 
 Regulation of acquisitions . Acquisitions by BHCs and their banks are subject to requirements, limitations and prohibitions established by law and by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. For example, FHCs and BHCs are required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before they acquire more than 5 of the voting shares of an unaffiliated bank. In addition, acquisitions by financial companies are prohibited if, as a result of the acquisition, the total liabilities of the financial company would exceed 10 of the total liabilities of all financial companies. Furthermore, for certain acquisitions, the Firm must 

provide written notice to the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any company with over 10 billion in assets that is engaged in activities that are financial in nature. Moreover, while FHCs may engage in a broader range of activities (including acquisitions) than BHCs, the Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct otherwise permissible acquisitions if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility requirements. 
 
 Ongoing obligations . The Firm is subject to obligations under the terms of a Deferred Prosecution Agreement entered into with the Department of Justice on September 29, 2020 relating to precious metals and U.S. Treasuries markets investigations as well as under a related order issued by the CFTC. 
 Subsidiary banks: 
 The activities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the Firm s principal subsidiary bank, are limited to those specifically authorized under the National Bank Act and related interpretations of the OCC. The OCC has authority to bring an enforcement action against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for unsafe or unsound banking practices, which could include limiting JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities, or imposing corrective capital or managerial requirements on the bank. 
 FDIC deposit insurance. The FDIC deposit insurance fund provides insurance coverage for certain deposits and is funded through assessments on banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 FDIC powers upon a bank insolvency. Upon any insolvency of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the FDIC could be appointed as conservator or receiver under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The FDIC has broad powers to transfer assets and liabilities without the approval of the institution s creditors. 
 Prompt corrective action. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 requires the relevant federal banking regulator to take prompt corrective action with respect to a depository institution if that institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards. The Federal Reserve is also authorized to take appropriate action against the parent BHC, such as JPMorgan Chase Co., based on the undercapitalized status of any bank subsidiary. In certain instances, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the capital restoration plan for its undercapitalized subsidiary. 
 OCC Heightened Standards. The OCC has established guidelines setting forth heightened standards for large banks, including minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework for banks. Under these standards, a bank s risk governance framework must ensure that the bank s risk profile is easily distinguished and separate from that of its parent BHC for risk management purposes. The bank s board or risk 

5 

Part I 

 committee is responsible for approving the bank s risk governance framework, providing active oversight of the bank s risk-taking activities, and holding management accountable for adhering to the risk governance framework. 
 Restrictions on transactions with affiliates. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions imposed by federal law on extensions of credit to, investments in stock or securities of, and derivatives, securities lending and certain other transactions with, JPMorgan Chase Co. and certain other affiliates. These restrictions prevent JPMorgan Chase Co. and other affiliates from borrowing from such subsidiaries unless the loans are secured in specified amounts and comply with certain other requirements. 
 Dividend restrictions. Federal law imposes limitations on the payment of dividends by national banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Refer to Note 26 for the amount of dividends that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. could pay, at January 1, 2023, to JPMorgan Chase without the approval of the banking regulators. The OCC and the Federal Reserve also have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends of a bank subsidiary that they supervise if, in the banking regulator s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the bank. 
 Depositor preference. Under federal law, the claims of a receiver of an insured depositary institution IDI for administrative expense and the claims of holders of U.S. deposit liabilities (including the FDIC and deposits in non-U.S. branches that are dually payable in the U.S. and in a non-U.S. branch) have priority over the claims of other unsecured creditors of the institution, including depositors in non-U.S. branches and public noteholders. 
 Consumer supervision and regulation. JPMorgan Chase and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subject to supervision and regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. The CFPB also has jurisdiction over small business lending activities with respect to fair lending and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB has authority to take enforcement actions against firms that offer certain products and services to consumers using practices that are deemed to be unfair, deceptive or abusive. In February 2023, the CFPB proposed a rule that would significantly reduce and limit the late payment fees that credit card issuers, including the Firm, would be permitted to charge to customers. The Firm s consumer activities are also subject to regulation under state statutes which are enforced by the Attorney General or empowered agency of each state. 
 In the U.K., the Firm operates a retail bank through J.P. Morgan Europe Limited JPMEL and provides retail investment management services through Nutmeg Saving 

and Investment Limited Nutmeg ). JPMEL is regulated by the PRA, and both JPMEL and Nutmeg are regulated by the FCA with respect to their conduct of financial services in the U.K., including obligations relating to the fair treatment of customers. JPMEL is also regulated by the U.K. Payment Systems Regulator with respect to its operation and use of payment systems. In addition, the retail businesses of JPMEL and Nutmeg are subject to U.K. consumer-protection legislation. 
 Securities and broker-dealer regulation: 
 The Firm conducts securities underwriting, dealing and brokerage activities in the U.S. through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and other non-bank broker-dealer subsidiaries, all of which are subject to regulations of the SEC, FINRA and the New York Stock Exchange, among others. The Firm conducts similar securities activities outside the U.S. subject to local regulatory requirements. In the U.K., those activities are conducted by J.P. Morgan Securities plc. Broker-dealers are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings, publication of research reports, use of customer funds, the financing of client purchases, capital structure, record-keeping and retention, and the conduct of their directors, officers and employees. Refer to Broker-dealer regulatory capital on page 96 for information concerning the capital of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc. 
 Investment management regulation: 
 The Firm s asset and wealth management businesses are subject to significant regulation in jurisdictions around the world relating to, among other things, the safeguarding and management of client assets, offerings of funds and marketing activities. Certain of the Firm s subsidiaries are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers and broker-dealers. The Firm s registered investment advisers in the United States are subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and applicable state and federal law. The Firm s bank fiduciary activities are subject to supervision by the OCC. 
 Derivatives regulation: 
 The Firm is subject to comprehensive regulation of its derivatives businesses, including regulations that impose capital and margin requirements, require central clearing of standardized over-the-counter OTC derivatives, mandate that certain standardized OTC swaps be traded on regulated trading venues, and provide for reporting of certain mandated information. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc are registered with the CFTC as swap dealers . In addition, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are registered with the SEC as security-based swap dealers . As a result, these entities are subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to their swap or security-based swap activities, including capital requirements, rules requiring the collateralization of uncleared swaps and security-based swaps, rules regarding 

6 

segregation of counterparty collateral, business conduct and documentation standards, record-keeping and reporting obligations, and anti-fraud and anti-manipulation requirements. Similar requirements have also been established under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation EMIR and the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive MiFID II ), as implemented in the EU and as adopted in the U.K. 
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is also registered with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association. 
 Data, privacy and cybersecurity regulation: 
 The Firm and its subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations globally concerning data, including data protection, consumer protection, privacy, cybersecurity and related matters. These laws, rules and regulations are constantly evolving, subject to interpretation, remain a focus of regulators globally, may be enforced by private parties or government bodies, and will continue to have a significant impact on all of the Firm s businesses and operations. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act and Economic Sanctions: 
 The Bank Secrecy Act BSA requires all financial institutions, including banks and securities broker-dealers, to establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The BSA includes a variety of record-keeping and reporting requirements, as well as due diligence/know-your-customer documentation requirements. The Firm is also subject to the regulations and economic sanctions programs administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC and EU and U.K. authorities which target entities or individuals that are, or are located in countries that are, involved in activities including terrorism, hostilities, embezzlement or human rights violations. The Firm is also subject to economic sanctions laws, rules and regulations in other jurisdictions in which it operates, including those that conflict with or prohibit a firm such as JPMorgan Chase from complying with certain laws, rules and regulations to which it is otherwise subject. 
 Anti-Corruption: 
 The Firm is subject to laws and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. 

Compensation practices: 
 The Firm s compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve, as well as other agencies. The Federal Reserve has jointly issued guidance with the FDIC and the OCC that is designed to ensure that incentive compensation paid by banking organizations does not encourage imprudent risk-taking that threatens the organizations safety and soundness. The Financial Stability Board FSB has also established standards covering compensation principles for banks. The Firm s compensation practices are also subject to regulation and oversight by regulators in other jurisdictions, notably the Fifth Capital Requirements Directive CRD V ), as implemented in the EU and as adopted in the U.K, which includes compensation-related provisions. The European Banking Authority has instituted guidelines on compensation policies including under CRD V which in certain countries, such as Germany, are implemented or supplemented by local regulations or guidelines. The U.K. regulators have also instituted guidelines on CRD V compensation policies. The Firm expects that the implementation of regulatory guidelines regarding compensation in the U.S. and other countries will continue to evolve, and may affect the manner in which the Firm structures its compensation programs and practices. 
 Other significant international regulatory initiatives: 
 Policymakers in the U.K. and EU continue to implement a program of regulatory enhancements relating to financial services, several key elements of which are discussed below. 
 MiFID II requires the trading of shares and certain standardized OTC derivatives to take place on specified trading venues. MiFID II also significantly enhanced requirements for pre- and post-trade transparency, transaction reporting and investor protection, and introduced a position limits and reporting regime for commodities. In November 2021, the European Commission EC published a draft legislative proposal for amendments to MiFID II focused on changes to rules related to transparency and market structure, including the proposed creation of a consolidated tape intended to increase transparency into trading across the EU by providing a centralized source of market data. This legislation remains subject to review by the European Parliament and European Council. 
 In the U.K., MiFID II is being amended through the Wholesale Markets Review , a set of proposals designed to streamline and improve regulation of the U.K. secondary markets following the U.K. s departure from the EU. Some of the changes, such as the removal of the requirement to execute trades in shares on certain trading venues, have been introduced through the Financial Services and Markets Bill FSMB ), which is expected to be passed by the U.K. Parliament in the first half of 2023. Other changes, such as amendments to MiFID II rules related to transparency, will be subject to further consultation, which is expected during 2023. 

7 

Part I 

 In December 2022, the EC published a legislative proposal to amend EMIR to increase the competitiveness of the EU central clearing framework and to enhance supervision of EU central counterparties CCPs ). These proposals are subject to further review by the European Parliament and European Council . 
 The EU has adopted mandatory buy-in rules under the Central Securities Depositories Regulation CSDR which will impose requirements relating to sourcing of securities in the event of a settlement fail. In June 2022, EU regulators proposed an amendment to postpone the application of these rules until November 2025. The amendment remains subject to review by the European Parliament and European Council. 
 In December 2022, the Chancellor of the Exchequer announced an extensive package of reforms to U.K. financial services regulation known as the Edinburgh Reforms . These reforms aim to drive growth and competitiveness in the U.K. financial services sector following the U.K. s departure from the EU. The reform package includes initiatives relating to a number of areas of financial services policy, including retail banks, payments, markets, digital assets and sustainable finance. The U.K. Government and regulators are expected to release further consultations and announcements related to these reforms in 2023. 
 EU and U.K. regulators are expected to finalize the rules implementing the Basel III framework during 2023. The Firm s banking entities in the EU and the U.K. will be required to comply with the Basel III final rules by January 2025, allowing for certain transitional arrangements until 2030 and 2032, respectively. The main changes implemented by the Basel III final rules will be revisions to the credit risk and operational risk calculation methods to reduce the use of and reliance on internal modelling approaches and introduce internationally-agreed changes to the market risk framework. The EU Basel III final rules also strengthen enforcement tools for supervisors overseeing EU banks and require EU banking entities to systematically identify, disclose and manage environmental, social and governance ESG risks as part of their risk management practices. In addition, in December 2022, the European Banking Authority EBA announced that it will publish rules and technical standards between 2023 and 2025 related to sustainable finance, which will be applicable to EU banks. The Firm s banking entities in the U.K. will be required to comply with regulatory policies and standards related to climate risk being developed by the PRA. In addition, EU legislation requires that certain non-EU banks operating in the EU establish an intermediate parent undertaking IPU located in the EU. The IPU legislation allows a second IPU to be established if a single IPU would conflict with home country bank separation rules or impede resolvability. The Firm will be required to comply with the EU s IPU requirements by December 30, 2023. 
 The Firm s banking entities in the EU and U.K. are also subject to supervisory expectations published by the ECB 

and the PRA, respectively, for management of financial risks arising from climate change and the increasing operational reliance on IT systems, third-party services and innovative technologies, as well as supervisory expectations for operational resilience and resilience from macro-financial and geopolitical shocks. These expectations address bank strategy, governance, risk management, scenario analysis, risk reporting and disclosure. 
 Policymakers in the EU have continued to implement sustainability-related initiatives. In December 2022, the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive CSRD was published in the Official Journal of the EU. The CSRD will replace and significantly expand the scope and content of ESG reporting requirements under the EU s existing ESG reporting rules. CSRD reporting requirements will be phased in beginning in 2024. In addition, the EC published its legislative proposal on the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive CSDDD in February 2022. The draft directive sets mandatory due diligence obligations for companies to address actual and potential human rights violations and environmental adverse impacts stemming from their own operations and business relationships, including the activities of companies with which they have established business relationships. The proposed legislation may also require the adoption of company-specific climate-related transition plans. The CSDDD is currently subject to review by the European Parliament and European Council. Both the CSRD and CSDDD will apply to certain of the Firm s EU entities as well as to certain non-EU entities. 

8 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect JPMorgan Chase s financial condition and operations. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Firm. Any of the risk factors discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s business, results of operations, financial condition, capital position, liquidity, competitive position or reputation, including by materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings. 
 Summary 
 The principal risk factors that could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s business, results of operations, financial condition, capital position, liquidity, competitive position or reputation include: 
 Regulatory risks, including the impact that applicable laws, rules and regulations in the highly-regulated and supervised financial services industry, as well as changes to or in the application, interpretation or enforcement of those laws, rules and regulations, can have on JPMorgan Chase s business and operations; the ways in which differences in financial services regulation in different jurisdictions or with respect to certain competitors can negatively impact JPMorgan Chase s business; the penalties and collateral consequences, and higher compliance and operational costs, that JPMorgan Chase may incur when resolving a regulatory investigation; the ways in which less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks in certain countries can negatively impact JPMorgan Chase s operations and financial results; and the losses that security holders will absorb if JPMorgan Chase were to enter into a resolution. 
 Political risks, including the potential negative effects on JPMorgan Chase s businesses due to economic uncertainty or instability caused by political developments. 
 Market risks, including the effects that economic and market events and conditions, governmental policies, changes in interest rates and credit spreads, and market fluctuations can have on JPMorgan Chase s consumer and wholesale businesses and its investment and market-making positions and on JPMorgan Chase s earnings and its liquidity and capital levels. 
 Credit risks, including potential negative effects from adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, customers, counterparties, custodians and central counterparties; and the potential for losses due to declines in the value of collateral in stressed market conditions or from concentrations of credit and market risk. 
 Liquidity risks, including the risk that JPMorgan Chase s liquidity could be impaired by market-wide 

illiquidity or disruption, unforeseen liquidity or capital requirements, the inability to sell assets, default by a significant market participant, unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral, or lack of market or customer confidence in JPMorgan Chase; the dependence of JPMorgan Chase Co. on the cash flows of its subsidiaries; the adverse effects that any downgrade in any of JPMorgan Chase s credit ratings may have on its liquidity and cost of funding; and potential negative impacts, including litigation risks, associated with the transition to alternative reference rates. 
 Capital risks, including the risk that any failure by or inability of JPMorgan Chase to maintain the required level and composition of capital, or unfavorable changes in applicable capital requirements, could limit JPMorgan Chase s ability to distribute capital to shareholders or to support its business activities. 
 Operational risks, including risks associated with JPMorgan Chase s dependence on its operational systems, its ability to maintain appropriately-staffed workforces and the competence, integrity, health and safety of its employees, as well as the systems and employees of third parties, market participants and service providers; the potential negative effects of failing to identify and address operational risks related to the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms; legal and regulatory risks related to safeguarding personal information; the harm that could be caused by a successful cyber attack affecting JPMorgan Chase or by other extraordinary events; risks associated with JPMorgan Chase s risk management framework, its models and estimations and associated judgments used in its stress testing and financial statements, and controls over disclosure and financial reporting; and potential adverse effects of failing to comply with heightened regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers. 
 Strategic risks, including the damage to JPMorgan Chase s competitive standing and results that could occur if management fails to develop and execute effective business strategies; risks associated with the significant and increasing competition that JPMorgan Chase faces; and the potential adverse impacts of climate change on JPMorgan Chase s business operations, clients and customers. 
 Conduct risks, including the negative impact that can result from the actions or misconduct of employees, including any failure of employees to conduct themselves in accordance with JPMorgan Chase s expectations, policies and practices. 
 Reputation risks, including the potential adverse effects on JPMorgan Chase s relationships with its clients, customers, shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders that could arise from employee misconduct, security breaches, inadequate risk 

9 

Part I 

 management, compliance or operational failures, litigation and regulatory investigations, failure to satisfy expectations concerning environmental, social and governance concerns, failure to effectively manage conflicts of interest or to satisfy fiduciary obligations, or other factors that could damage JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 Country risks, including potential impacts on JPMorgan Chase s businesses from an outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region; and the potential adverse effects of local economic, political, regulatory and social factors on JPMorgan Chase s business and revenues in certain countries. 
 People risks, including the criticality of attracting and retaining qualified and diverse employees; and the potential adverse effects of unfavorable changes in immigration or travel policies on JPMorgan Chase s workforce. 
 Legal risks, including those relating to litigation and regulatory and government investigations. 
 The above summary is subject in its entirety to the discussion of the risk factors set forth below. 
 
 Regulatory 
 JPMorgan Chase s businesses are highly regulated, and the laws, rules and regulations that apply to JPMorgan Chase have a significant impact on its business and operations. 
 JPMorgan Chase is a financial services firm with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase must comply with the laws, rules and regulations that apply to its operations in all of the jurisdictions around the world in which it does business, and financial services firms such as JPMorgan Chase are subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 The regulation and supervision of JPMorgan Chase significantly affects the way that it conducts its business and structures its operations, and JPMorgan Chase could be required to make changes to its business and operations in response to supervisory expectations or decisions or to new or changed laws, rules and regulations. These types of developments could result in JPMorgan Chase incurring additional costs in connection with complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations, which could reduce its profitability. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase s entry into or acquisition of a new business or an increase in its principal investments may require JPMorgan Chase to comply with additional laws, rules, and regulations. 
 In response to new and existing laws, rules and regulations and expanded supervision, JPMorgan Chase has in the past been and could in the future be, required to: 
 limit the products and services that it offers 
 reduce the liquidity that it can provide through its market-making activities 

refrain from engaging in business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue 
 pay higher taxes (including as part of any minimum global tax regime), assessments, levies or other governmental charges, including in connection with the resolution of tax examinations 
 incur losses, including with respect to fraudulent transactions perpetrated against its customers 
 dispose of certain assets, and do so at times or prices that are disadvantageous 
 impose restrictions on certain business activities, or 
 increase the prices that it charges for products and services, which could reduce the demand for them. 
 Any failure by JPMorgan Chase to comply with the laws, rules and regulations to which it is subject could result in: 
 increased regulatory and supervisory scrutiny 
 regulatory and governmental enforcement actions 
 the imposition of fines, penalties or other sanctions 
 increased exposure to litigation, or 
 harm to its reputation. 
 Differences and inconsistencies in financial services regulation can negatively impact JPMorgan Chase s businesses, operations and financial results. 
 The content and application of laws, rules and regulations affecting financial services firms sometimes vary according to factors such as the size of the firm, the jurisdiction in which it is organized or operates, and other criteria. For example: 
 larger firms such as JPMorgan Chase are often subject to more stringent supervision, regulation and regulatory scrutiny 
 financial technology companies and other non-traditional competitors may not be subject to banking regulation, or may be supervised by a national or state regulatory agency that does not have the same resources or regulatory priorities as the regulatory agencies which supervise more diversified financial services firms, or 
 the financial services regulatory framework in a particular jurisdiction may favor financial institutions that are based in that jurisdiction. 
 These types of differences in the regulatory framework can result in JPMorgan Chase losing market share to competitors that are less regulated or not subject to regulation, especially with respect to unregulated financial products. 
 There can also be significant differences in the ways that similar regulatory initiatives affecting the financial services industry are implemented in the U.S. and in other countries and regions in which JPMorgan Chase does business. For 

10 

example, when adopting rules that are intended to implement a global regulatory standard, a national regulator may introduce additional or more restrictive requirements, which can create competitive disadvantages for financial services firms, such as JPMorgan Chase, that may be subject to those enhanced regulations. 
 In addition, certain national and multi-national bodies and governmental agencies outside the U.S. have adopted laws, rules or regulations that may conflict with or prohibit JPMorgan Chase from complying with laws, rules and regulations to which it is otherwise subject, creating conflict of law issues that also increase its risks of non-compliance in those jurisdictions. 
 Legislative and regulatory initiatives outside the U.S. could require JPMorgan Chase to make significant modifications to its operations and legal entity structure in the relevant countries or regions in order to comply with those requirements. These include laws, rules and regulations that have been adopted or proposed relating to: 
 the establishment of locally-based intermediate holding companies or operating subsidiaries 
 requirements to maintain minimum amounts of capital or liquidity in locally-based subsidiaries 
 to implement processes within locally-based subsidiaries to comply with local regulatory requirements 
 the separation (or ring fencing of core banking products and services from markets activities 
 the resolution of financial institutions 
 requirements for executing or settling transactions on exchanges or through central counterparties CCPs 
 position limits and reporting rules for derivatives 
 governance and accountability regimes 
 conduct of business and control requirements, and 
 restrictions on compensation. 
 These types of differences, inconsistencies and conflicts in financial services regulation have required and could in the future require JPMorgan Chase to: 
 divest assets or restructure its operations 
 absorb increased capital and liquidity costs 
 incur higher operational and compliance costs 
 change the prices that it charges for its products and services 
 curtail the products and services that it offers to its customers and clients 
 curtail other business opportunities, including acquisitions or principal investments, that it otherwise would have pursued 

become subject to regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, or 
 incur higher costs for complying with different legal and regulatory frameworks. 
 Any or all of these factors could harm JPMorgan Chase s ability to compete against other firms that are not subject to the same laws, rules and regulations or supervisory oversight, or harm JPMorgan Chase s businesses, results of operations and profitability. 
 Resolving regulatory investigations can subject JPMorgan Chase to significant penalties and collateral consequences, and could result in higher compliance costs or restrictions on its operations. 
 JPMorgan Chase is subject to heightened oversight and scrutiny from regulatory authorities in many jurisdictions. JPMorgan Chase has paid significant fines, provided other monetary relief, incurred other penalties and experienced other repercussions in connection with resolving investigations and enforcement actions by governmental agencies. JPMorgan Chase could become subject to similar regulatory or governmental resolutions or other actions in the future, and addressing the requirements of any such resolutions or actions could result in JPMorgan Chase incurring higher operational and compliance costs, including devoting substantial resources to the required remediation, or needing to comply with other restrictions. 
 In connection with resolving specific regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, certain regulators have required JPMorgan Chase and other financial institutions to admit wrongdoing with respect to the activities that gave rise to the resolution. These types of admissions can lead to: 
 greater exposure in litigation 
 damage to JPMorgan Chase s reputation 
 disqualification from doing business with certain clients or customers, or in specific jurisdictions, or 
 other direct and indirect adverse effects. 
 Furthermore, U.S. government officials have demonstrated a willingness to bring criminal actions against financial institutions and have required that institutions plead guilty to criminal offenses or admit other wrongdoing in connection with resolving regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. Resolutions of this type can have significant collateral consequences for the subject financial institution, including: 
 loss of clients, customers and business 
 restrictions on offering certain products or services, and 
 losing permission to operate certain businesses, either temporarily or permanently. 
 JPMorgan Chase expects that: 

11 

Part I 

 it and other financial services firms will continue to be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and governmental investigations and enforcement actions 
 governmental authorities will continue to require that financial institutions be penalized for actual or deemed violations of law with formal and punitive enforcement actions, including the imposition of significant monetary and other sanctions, rather than resolving these matters through informal supervisory actions; and 
 governmental authorities will be more likely to pursue formal enforcement actions and resolutions against JPMorgan Chase to the extent that it has previously been subject to other governmental investigations or enforcement actions. 
 If JPMorgan Chase fails to meet the requirements of any resolution of a governmental investigation or enforcement action, or to maintain risk and control processes that meet the heightened standards and expectations of its regulators, it could be required to, among other things: 
 enter into further resolutions of investigations or enforcement actions 
 pay additional regulatory penalties or enter into judgments, or 
 accept material regulatory restrictions on, or changes in the management of, its businesses. 
 In these circumstances, JPMorgan Chase could also become subject to other sanctions, or to prosecution or civil litigation with respect to the conduct that gave rise to an investigation or enforcement action. 
 JPMorgan Chase s operations and financial results can be negatively impacted in countries with less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks . 
 JPMorgan Chase conducts existing and new business in certain countries in which the application of the rule of law is inconsistent or less predictable, including with respect to: 
 the absence of a statutory or regulatory basis or guidance for engaging in specific types of business or transactions 
 conflicting or ambiguous laws, rules and regulations, or the inconsistent application or interpretation of existing laws, rules and regulations 
 uncertainty concerning the enforceability of contractual, intellectual property or other obligations 
 difficulty in competing in economies in which the government controls or protects all or a portion of the local economy or specific businesses, or where graft or corruption may be pervasive 
 the threat of regulatory investigations, civil litigations or criminal prosecutions that are arbitrary or otherwise contrary to established legal principles in other parts of the world, and 

the termination of licenses required to operate in the local market or the suspension of business relationships with governmental bodies. 
 If the application of the laws, rules and regulations in any country is susceptible to producing inconsistent or unexpected outcomes, this can create a more difficult environment in which JPMorgan Chase conducts its business and could negatively affect JPMorgan Chase s operations and reduce its earnings with respect to that country. For example, conducting business could require JPMorgan Chase to devote significant additional resources to understanding, and monitoring changes in, local laws, rules and regulations, as well as structuring its operations to comply with local laws, rules and regulations and implementing and administering related internal policies and procedures. 
 There can be no assurance that JPMorgan Chase will always be successful in its efforts to fully understand and to conduct its business in compliance with the laws, rules and regulations of all of the jurisdictions in which it operates, and the risk of non-compliance can be greater in countries that have less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks. 
 Requirements for the orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase could result in JPMorgan Chase having to restructure or reorganize its businesses and could increase its funding or operational costs or curtail its businesses. 
 JPMorgan Chase is required under Federal Reserve and FDIC rules to prepare and submit periodically to those agencies a detailed plan for rapid and orderly resolution in bankruptcy, without extraordinary government support, in the event of material financial distress or failure. The agencies evaluation of JPMorgan Chase s resolution plan may change, and the requirements for resolution plans may be modified from time to time. Any such determinations or modifications could result in JPMorgan Chase needing to make changes to its legal entity structure or to certain internal or external activities, which could increase its funding or operational costs, or hamper its ability to serve clients and customers. 
 If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were both to determine that a resolution plan submitted by JPMorgan Chase has deficiencies, they could jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on JPMorgan Chase s growth, activities or operations. The agencies could also require that JPMorgan Chase restructure, reorganize or divest assets or businesses in ways that could materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s operations and strategy. 
 Holders of JPMorgan Chase Co. s debt and equity securities will absorb losses if it were to enter into a resolution. 
 Federal Reserve rules require that JPMorgan Chase Co. (the Parent Company maintain minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss- 

12 

absorbing capacity with specific terms eligible LTD for purposes of recapitalizing JPMorgan Chase s operating subsidiaries if the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution either: 
 in a bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or 
 in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act Title II ). 
 If the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution, holders of eligible LTD and other debt and equity securities of the Parent Company will absorb the losses of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries. 
 The preferred single point of entry strategy under JPMorgan Chase s resolution plan contemplates that only the Parent Company would enter bankruptcy proceedings. JPMorgan Chase s subsidiaries would be recapitalized, as needed, so that they could continue normal operations or subsequently be divested or wound down in an orderly manner. As a result, the Parent Company s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of the Parent Company s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible LTD and other debt securities. Claims of holders of those securities would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorgan Chase s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the Parent Company. 
 Accordingly, in a resolution of the Parent Company in bankruptcy, holders of eligible LTD and other debt securities of the Parent Company would realize value only to the extent available to the Parent Company as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of the Parent Company have been fully repaid. 
 The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalization model could be a desirable strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as the Parent Company, under Title II. However, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry resolution strategy. 
 If the Parent Company were to approach, or enter into, a resolution, none of the Parent Company, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow JPMorgan Chase s preferred resolution strategy, and losses to holders of eligible LTD and other debt and equity securities of the Parent Company, under whatever strategy is ultimately followed, could be greater than they might have been under JPMorgan Chase s preferred strategy. 

Political 
 Economic uncertainty or instability caused by political developments can negatively impact JPMorgan Chase s businesses. 
 Political developments in the U.S. and other countries can cause uncertainty in the economic environment and market conditions in which JPMorgan Chase operates its businesses. Certain governmental policy initiatives, as well as heightened geopolitical tensions, could significantly affect U.S. and global economic growth and cause higher volatility in the financial markets, including: 
 monetary policies and actions taken by the Federal Reserve and other central banks or governmental authorities, including any sustained large-scale asset purchases or any suspension or reversal of those actions 
 fiscal policies, including with respect to taxation and spending 
 actions that governments take or fail to take in response to the effects of health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics, as well as the effectiveness of any actions taken 
 governmental actions or initiatives relating to climate risk, or more generally, the impact of business activities on environmental, social and governance ESG matters, and the management of climate and ESG-related risks 
 isolationist foreign policies 
 an outbreak or escalation of hostilities, or other geopolitical instabilities 
 economic or financial sanctions 
 the implementation of tariffs and other protectionist trade policies, or 
 other governmental policies or actions adopted or taken in response to political or social pressures. 
 These types of political developments, and uncertainty about the possible outcomes of these developments, could: 
 erode investor confidence in the U.S. economy and financial markets, which could potentially undermine the status of the U.S. dollar as a safe haven currency 
 provoke retaliatory countermeasures by other countries and otherwise heighten tensions in regulatory, enforcement or diplomatic relations 
 lead to the withdrawal of government support for agencies and enterprises such as the U.S. Federal National Mortgage Association and the U.S. Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (together, the U.S. GSEs 
 increase concerns about whether the U.S. government will be funded, and its outstanding debt serviced, at any particular time 

13 

Part I 

 result in periodic shutdowns of the U.S. government or governments in other countries 
 increase investor reliance on actions by the Federal Reserve or other central banks, or influence investor perceptions concerning government support of sectors of the economy or the economy as a whole 
 adversely affect the financial condition or credit ratings of clients and counterparties with which JPMorgan Chase does business, or 
 cause JPMorgan Chase to refrain from engaging in business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue. 
 These factors could lead to: 
 slower growth rates, rising inflation or recession 
 greater market volatility 
 a contraction of available credit and the widening of credit spreads 
 erosion of adequate risk premium on certain financial assets 
 diminished investor and consumer confidence 
 lower investment growth 
 large-scale sales of government debt and other debt and equity securities in the U.S. and other countries 
 reduced commercial activity among trading partners 
 the potential for a currency redenomination by a particular country 
 the possible departure of a country from, or the dissolution of, a political or economic alliance or treaty 
 potential expropriation or nationalization of assets, or 
 other market dislocations, including the spread of unfavorable economic conditions from a particular country or region to other countries or regions. 
 Any of these potential outcomes could cause JPMorgan Chase to suffer losses on its market-making positions or in its investment portfolio, reduce its liquidity and capital levels, increase the allowance for credit losses or lead to higher net charge offs, hamper its ability to deliver products and services to its clients and customers, and weaken its results of operations and financial condition. 
 JPMorgan Chase's business and results of operations may also be adversely affected by actions or initiatives by national, state or local governmental authorities that: 
 seek to discourage financial institutions from doing business with companies engaged in certain industries, or conversely, to penalize financial institutions that elect not to do business with such companies, or 
 mandate specific business practices that companies operating in the relevant jurisdiction must adopt. 

Because governmental policies in one jurisdiction may differ or conflict with those in other jurisdictions, JPMorgan Chase may face negative consequences regardless of the course of action it takes or elects not to take, including: 
 restrictions or prohibitions on doing business within a particular jurisdiction, or with governmental entities in a jurisdiction 
 the threat of enforcement actions, including under antitrust or other anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and 
 harm to its reputation arising from public criticism, including from politicians, activists and other stakeholders. 
 In addition, JPMorgan Chase's relationships or ability to transact with clients and customers, and with governmental or regulatory bodies in jurisdictions in which JPMorgan Chase does business, could be adversely affected if its decisions with respect to doing business with companies in certain sensitive industries are perceived to harm those companies or to align with particular political viewpoints. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase's participation in or association with certain social and environmental industry groups or initiatives could be viewed by activists or governmental authorities as boycotting or other discriminatory business behavior. 
 Market 
 Economic and market events and conditions can materially affect JPMorgan Chase s businesses and investment and market-making positions. 
 JPMorgan Chase s results of operations can be negatively affected by adverse changes in any of the following: 
 investor, consumer and business sentiment 
 events that reduce confidence in the financial markets 
 inflation, deflation or recession 
 high unemployment or, conversely, a tightening labor market 
 the availability and cost of capital, liquidity and credit 
 levels and volatility of interest rates, credit spreads and market prices for currencies, equities and commodities, and the duration of any changes in levels or volatility 
 the economic effects of an outbreak or escalation of hostilities, terrorism or other geopolitical instabilities, cyber attacks, climate change, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics or other extraordinary events beyond JPMorgan Chase s control, and 
 the strength of the U.S. and global economies. 
 All of these are affected by global economic, market and political events and conditions, as well as regulatory restrictions. 

14 

In addition, JPMorgan Chase s investment portfolio and market-making businesses can suffer losses due to unanticipated market events, including: 
 severe declines in asset values 
 unexpected credit events 
 unforeseen events or conditions that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated (and vice versa) 
 the inability to effectively hedge market and other risks related to market-making and investment portfolio positions, or 
 other market risks that may not have been appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a financial instrument. 
 If JPMorgan Chase experiences significant losses in its investment portfolio or from market-making activities, this could reduce JPMorgan Chase s profitability and its liquidity and capital levels, and thereby constrain the growth of its businesses. 
 JPMorgan Chase s consumer businesses can be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and governmental policies. 
 JPMorgan Chase s consumer businesses are particularly affected by U.S. and global economic conditions, including: 
 personal and household income distribution 
 unemployment or underemployment 
 prolonged periods of exceptionally low or high interest rates 
 housing prices 
 the level of inflation and its effect on prices for goods and services 
 consumer and small business confidence levels, and 
 changes in consumer spending or in the level of consumer debt. 
 Heightened levels of unemployment or underemployment that result in reduced personal and household income could negatively affect consumer credit performance to the extent that consumers are less able to service their debts. In addition, sustained low growth, low or negative interest rates, inflationary pressures or recessionary conditions could diminish customer demand for the products and services offered by JPMorgan Chase s consumer businesses. 
 Adverse economic conditions could also lead to an increase in delinquencies, additions to the allowance for credit losses and higher net charge-offs, which can reduce JPMorgan Chase s earnings. These consequences could be significantly worse in certain geographies and industry segments where declining industrial or manufacturing activity has resulted in or could result in higher levels of unemployment, or where high levels of consumer debt, such as outstanding 

student loans, could impair the ability of customers to pay their other consumer loan obligations. 
 JPMorgan Chase s earnings from its consumer businesses could also be adversely affected by governmental policies and actions that affect consumers, including: 
 policies and initiatives relating to medical insurance, education, immigration, employment status and housing, and 
 policies aimed at the economy more broadly, such as higher taxes and increased regulation which could result in reductions in consumer disposable income. 
 Unfavorable market and economic conditions can have an adverse effect on JPMorgan Chase s wholesale businesses. 
 In JPMorgan Chase s wholesale businesses, market and economic factors can affect the volume of transactions that JPMorgan Chase executes for its clients or for which it advises clients, and, therefore, the revenue that JPMorgan Chase receives from those transactions. These factors can also influence the willingness of other financial institutions and investors to participate in capital markets transactions that JPMorgan Chase manages, such as loan syndications or securities underwriting. Furthermore, if a significant and sustained deterioration in market conditions were to occur, the profitability of JPMorgan Chase s capital markets businesses, including its loan syndication, securities underwriting and leveraged lending activities, could be reduced to the extent that those businesses: 
 earn less fee revenue due to lower transaction volumes, including when clients are unwilling or unable to refinance their outstanding debt obligations in unfavorable market conditions, or 
 dispose of portions of credit commitments at a loss, or hold larger residual positions in credit commitments that cannot be sold at favorable prices. 
 An adverse change in market conditions in particular segments of the economy, such as a sudden and severe downturn in oil and gas prices or an increase in commodity prices, or sustained changes in consumer behavior that affect specific economic sectors, could have a material adverse effect on clients of JPMorgan Chase whose operations or financial condition are directly or indirectly dependent on the health or stability of those market segments or economic sectors, as well as clients that are engaged in related businesses. JPMorgan Chase could incur credit losses on its loans and other credit commitments to clients that operate in, or are dependent on, any sector of the economy that is under stress. 
 The fees that JPMorgan Chase earns from managing client assets or holding assets under custody for clients could be diminished by declining asset values or other adverse macroeconomic conditions. For example, higher interest rates or a downturn in financial markets could affect the valuations of client assets that JPMorgan Chase manages or 

15 

Part I 

 holds under custody, which, in turn, could affect JPMorgan Chase s revenue from fees that are based on the amount of assets under management or custody. Similarly, adverse macroeconomic or market conditions could prompt outflows from JPMorgan Chase funds or accounts, or cause clients to invest in products that generate lower revenue. Substantial and unexpected withdrawals from a JPMorgan Chase fund can also hamper the investment performance of the fund, particularly if the outflows create the need for the fund to dispose of fund assets at disadvantageous times or prices, and could lead to further withdrawals based on the weaker investment performance. 
 An economic downturn or sustained changes in consumer behavior that results in shifts in consumer and business spending could also have a negative impact on certain of JPMorgan Chase s wholesale clients, and thereby diminish JPMorgan Chase s earnings from its wholesale operations. For example, the businesses of certain of JPMorgan Chase s wholesale clients are dependent on consistent streams of rental income from commercial real estate properties which are owned or being built by those clients. Sustained adverse economic conditions could result in reductions in the rental cash flows that owners or developers receive from their tenants which, in turn, could depress the values of the properties and impair the ability of borrowers to service or refinance their commercial real estate loans. These consequences could result in JPMorgan Chase experiencing increases in the allowance for credit losses, higher delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs within its commercial real estate loan portfolio and incurring higher costs for servicing a larger volume of delinquent loans in that portfolio, thereby reducing JPMorgan Chase s earnings from its wholesale businesses. 
 Changes in interest rates and credit spreads can adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s earnings, its liquidity or its capital levels. 
 When interest rates are high or increasing, JPMorgan Chase can generally be expected to earn higher net interest income. However, higher interest rates can also lead to: 
 fewer originations of commercial and residential real estate loans 
 losses on underwriting exposures or incremental client-specific downgrades, or increases in the allowance for credit losses and net charge-offs due to higher financing costs for clients 
 the loss of deposits, particularly if customers withdraw deposits because they believe that interest rates offered by JPMorgan Chase are lower than those of competitors or if JPMorgan Chase makes incorrect assumptions about depositor behavior 
 losses on available-for-sale AFS securities held in the investment securities portfolio 
 lower net interest income if central banks introduce interest rate increases more quickly than anticipated 

and this results in a misalignment in the pricing of short-term and long-term borrowings 
 less liquidity in the financial markets, and 
 higher funding costs. 
 All of these outcomes could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s earnings or its liquidity and capital levels. Higher interest rates can also negatively affect the payment performance on loans within JPMorgan Chase s consumer and wholesale loan portfolios that are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans are unable to afford higher interest payments, those borrowers may reduce or stop making payments, thereby causing JPMorgan Chase to incur losses and increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans. 
 On the other hand, a low or negative interest rate environment may cause: 
 net interest margins to be compressed, which could reduce the amounts that JPMorgan Chase earns on its investment securities portfolio to the extent that it is unable to reinvest contemporaneously in higher-yielding instruments 
 unanticipated or adverse changes in depositor behavior, which could negatively affect JPMorgan Chase s broader asset and liability management strategy, and 
 a reduction in the value of JPMorgan Chase s mortgage servicing rights MSRs asset, thereby decreasing revenues. 
 When credit spreads widen, it becomes more expensive for JPMorgan Chase to borrow. JPMorgan Chase s credit spreads may widen or narrow not only in response to events and circumstances that are specific to JPMorgan Chase but also as a result of general economic and geopolitical events and conditions. Changes in JPMorgan Chase s credit spreads will affect, positively or negatively, JPMorgan Chase s earnings on certain liabilities, such as derivatives, that are recorded at fair value. 
 JPMorgan Chase s results may be materially affected by market fluctuations and significant changes in the value of financial instruments. 
 The value of securities, derivatives and other financial instruments which JPMorgan Chase owns or in which it makes markets can be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and other disruptions in the financial markets may make it extremely difficult to value certain financial instruments. Subsequent valuations of financial instruments in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the value of these instruments. In addition, at the time of any disposition of these financial instruments, the price that JPMorgan Chase ultimately realizes will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their 

16 

current fair value. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of financial instruments that JPMorgan Chase owns or in which it makes markets, which may have an adverse effect on JPMorgan Chase s results of operations. 
 JPMorgan Chase s risk management and monitoring processes, including its stress testing framework, seek to quantify and manage JPMorgan Chase s exposure to more extreme market moves. However, JPMorgan Chase s hedging and other risk management strategies may not be effective, and it could incur significant losses, if extreme market events were to occur. 
 Credit 
 JPMorgan Chase can be negatively affected by adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, counterparties, custodians and CCPs. 
 JPMorgan Chase routinely executes transactions with clients and counterparties such as corporations, financial institutions, asset managers, hedge funds, securities exchanges and government entities within and outside the U.S. Many of these transactions expose JPMorgan Chase to the credit risk of its clients and counterparties, and can involve JPMorgan Chase in disputes and litigation if a client or counterparty defaults. JPMorgan Chase can also be subject to losses or liability where a financial institution that it has appointed to provide custodial services for client assets or funds becomes insolvent as a result of fraud or the failure to abide by existing laws and obligations, or where clients are unable to access assets held by JPMorgan Chase as custodian due to governmental actions or other factors. 
 A default by, or the financial or operational failure of, a CCP through which JPMorgan Chase executes contracts would require JPMorgan Chase to replace those contracts, thereby increasing its operational costs and potentially resulting in losses. In addition, JPMorgan Chase can be exposed to losses if a member of a CCP in which JPMorgan Chase is also a member defaults on its obligations to the CCP because of requirements that each member of the CCP absorb a portion of those losses. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase can be subject to bearing its share of non-default losses incurred by a CCP, including losses from custodial, settlement or investment activities or due to cyber or other security breaches. 
 As part of its clearing services activities, JPMorgan Chase is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients, which it seeks to mitigate by requiring clients to provide adequate collateral. JPMorgan Chase is also exposed to intra-day credit risk of its clients in connection with providing cash management, clearing, custodial and other transaction services to those clients. If a client for which JPMorgan Chase provides these services becomes bankrupt or insolvent, JPMorgan Chase may incur losses, become involved in disputes and litigation with one or more CCPs, the client s bankruptcy estate and other creditors, or be subject to regulatory investigations. All of the foregoing events can increase JPMorgan Chase s operational and 

litigation costs, and JPMorgan Chase may suffer losses to the extent that any collateral that it has received is insufficient to cover those losses. 
 Transactions with government entities, including national, state, provincial, municipal and local authorities, can expose JPMorgan Chase to enhanced sovereign, credit, operational and reputation risks. Government entities may, among other things, claim that actions taken by government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials or repudiate transactions authorized by a previous incumbent government. These types of actions have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, JPMorgan Chase to suffer losses or hamper its ability to conduct business in the relevant jurisdiction. 
 In addition, local laws, rules and regulations could limit JPMorgan Chase s ability to resolve disputes and litigation in the event of a counterparty default or unwillingness to make previously agreed-upon payments, which could subject JPMorgan Chase to losses. 
 Disputes may arise with counterparties to derivatives contracts with regard to the terms, the settlement procedures or the value of underlying collateral. The disposition of those disputes could cause JPMorgan Chase to incur unexpected transaction, operational and legal costs, or result in credit losses. These consequences can also impair JPMorgan Chase s ability to effectively manage its credit risk exposure from its market activities, or cause harm to JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 The financial or operational failure of a significant market participant, such as a major financial institution or a CCP, or concerns about the creditworthiness of such a market participant or its ability to fulfill its obligations, can cause substantial and cascading disruption within the financial markets, including in circumstances where coordinated action by multiple other market participants is required to address the failure or disruption. JPMorgan Chase s businesses could be significantly disrupted by such an event, particularly if it leads to other market participants incurring significant losses, experiencing liquidity issues or defaulting, and JPMorgan Chase is likely to have significant interrelationships with, and credit exposure to, such a significant market participant. 
 JPMorgan Chase may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions. 
 During periods of market stress or illiquidity, JPMorgan Chase s credit risk may be further increased when: 
 JPMorgan Chase fails to realize the fair value of the collateral it holds 
 collateral is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount owed to it, or 
 counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons. 
 Furthermore, disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral may increase in times of significant 

17 

Part I 

 market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and JPMorgan Chase could suffer losses during these periods if it is unable to realize the fair value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral. 
 JPMorgan Chase could incur significant losses arising from concentrations of credit and market risk. 
 JPMorgan Chase is exposed to greater credit and market risk to the extent that groupings of its clients or counterparties: 
 engage in similar or related businesses, or in businesses in related industries 
 do business in the same geographic region, or 
 have business profiles, models or strategies that could cause their ability to meet their obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. 
 For example, a significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of JPMorgan Chase s borrowers or counterparties could lead to concerns about the creditworthiness of other borrowers or counterparties in similar, related or dependent industries. This type of interrelationship could exacerbate JPMorgan Chase s credit, liquidity and market risk exposure and potentially cause it to incur losses, including fair value losses in its market-making businesses and investment portfolios. In addition, JPMorgan Chase may be required to increase the allowance for credit losses with respect to certain clients or industries in order to align with directives or expectations of its banking regulators. 
 Similarly, challenging economic conditions that affect a particular industry or geographic area could lead to concerns about the credit quality of JPMorgan Chase s borrowers or counterparties not only in that particular industry or geography but in related or dependent industries, wherever located. These conditions could also heighten concerns about the ability of customers of JPMorgan Chase s consumer businesses who live in those areas or work in those affected industries or related or dependent industries to meet their obligations to JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase regularly monitors various segments of its credit and market risk exposures to assess the potential risks of concentration or contagion, but its ability to diversify or hedge its exposure against those risks may be limited. 
 JPMorgan Chase s consumer businesses can also be harmed by an excessive expansion of consumer credit by bank or non-bank competitors. Heightened competition for certain types of consumer loans could prompt industry-wide reactions such as significant reductions in the pricing or margins of those loans or the making of loans to less-creditworthy borrowers. If large numbers of consumers subsequently default on their loans, whether due to weak credit profiles, an economic downturn or other factors, this could impair their ability to repay obligations owed to JPMorgan Chase and result in higher charge-offs and other credit-related losses. More broadly, widespread defaults on consumer debt could lead to recessionary conditions in the 

U.S. economy, and JPMorgan Chase s consumer businesses may earn lower revenues in such an environment. 
 If JPMorgan Chase is unable to reduce positions effectively during a market dislocation, this can increase both the market and credit risks associated with those positions and the level of risk-weighted-assets RWA that JPMorgan Chase holds on its balance sheet. These factors could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s capital position, funding costs and the profitability of its businesses. 
 Liquidity 
 JPMorgan Chase s ability to operate its businesses could be impaired if its liquidity is constrained. 
 JPMorgan Chase s liquidity could be impaired at any given time by factors such as: 
 market-wide illiquidity or disruption 
 unforeseen liquidity or capital requirements, including as a result of changes in laws, rules and regulations 
 inability to sell assets, or to sell assets at favorable times or prices 
 default by a CCP or other significant market participant 
 unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral 
 unexpected loss of consumer deposits or higher than anticipated draws on lending-related commitments, and 
 lack of market or customer confidence in JPMorgan Chase or financial institutions in general. 
 A reduction in JPMorgan Chase s liquidity may be caused by events over which it has little or no control. For example, periods of market stress, low investor confidence and significant market illiquidity could result in higher funding costs for JPMorgan Chase and could limit its access to some of its traditional sources of liquidity. 
 JPMorgan Chase may need to raise funding from alternative sources if its access to stable and lower-cost sources of funding, such as deposits and borrowings from Federal Home Loan Banks, is reduced. Alternative sources of funding could be more expensive or limited in availability. JPMorgan Chase s funding costs could also be negatively affected by actions that JPMorgan Chase may take in order to: 
 satisfy applicable liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements 
 address obligations under its resolution plan, or 
 satisfy regulatory requirements in jurisdictions outside the U.S. relating to the pre-positioning of liquidity in subsidiaries that are material legal entities. 
 More generally, if JPMorgan Chase fails to effectively manage its liquidity, this could constrain its ability to fund or invest in its businesses and subsidiaries, and thereby adversely affect its results of operations. 

18 

JPMorgan Chase Co. is a holding company and depends on the cash flows of its subsidiaries to make payments on its outstanding securities. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. is a holding company that holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and an intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC (the IHC ). The IHC in turn generally holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase s subsidiaries other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. The IHC also owns other assets and provides intercompany lending to the holding company. 
 The holding company is obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds received from securities issuances (including issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common stock). 
 The ability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC to make payments to the holding company is also limited. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to regulatory restrictions on its dividend distributions, as well as capital adequacy requirements, such as the Supplementary Leverage Ratio SLR ), and liquidity requirements and other regulatory restrictions on its ability to make payments to the holding company. The IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the holding company if certain capital or liquidity thresholds are breached or if limits are otherwise imposed by JPMorgan Chase s management or Board of Directors. 
 As a result of these arrangements, the ability of the holding company to make various payments is dependent on its receiving dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and borrowings from the IHC. These limitations could affect the holding company s ability to: 
 pay interest on its debt securities 
 pay dividends on its equity securities 
 redeem or repurchase outstanding securities, and 
 fulfill its other payment obligations. 
 These arrangements could also result in the holding company seeking protection under bankruptcy laws or otherwise entering into resolution proceedings at a time earlier than would have been the case absent the existence of the capital and liquidity thresholds to which the IHC is subject. 
 Reductions in JPMorgan Chase s credit ratings may adversely affect its liquidity and cost of funding. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. and certain of its principal subsidiaries are rated by credit rating agencies. Rating agencies evaluate general, firm-specific and industry-specific factors when determining credit ratings for a particular financial institution, including: 
 expected future profitability 
 risk management practices 
 legal expenses 

ratings differentials between bank holding companies and their bank and non-bank subsidiaries 
 regulatory developments 
 assumptions about government support, and 
 economic and geopolitical developments. 
 JPMorgan Chase closely monitors and manages, to the extent that it is able, factors that could influence its credit ratings. However, there is no assurance that JPMorgan Chase s credit ratings will not be lowered in the future. Furthermore, any such downgrade could occur at times of broader market instability when JPMorgan Chase s options for responding to events may be more limited and general investor confidence is low. 
 A reduction in JPMorgan Chase s credit ratings could curtail JPMorgan Chase s business activities and reduce its profitability in a number of ways, including: 
 reducing its access to capital markets 
 materially increasing its cost of issuing and servicing securities 
 triggering additional collateral or funding requirements, and 
 decreasing the number of investors and counterparties that are willing or permitted to do business with or lend to JPMorgan Chase. 
 Any rating reduction could also increase the credit spreads charged by the market for taking credit risk on JPMorgan Chase Co. and its subsidiaries. This could, in turn, adversely affect the value of debt and other obligations of JPMorgan Chase Co. and its subsidiaries. 
 The transition to alternative reference rates could expose JPMorgan Chase to operational risks or litigation and other disputes. 
 Regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the U.S. and other countries continue to engage in initiatives to introduce and encourage the use of alternative reference rates to replace certain interest rate indices that are deemed to be benchmarks , and certain of these alternative rates have gained or are gaining acceptance among market participants. However, there is no assurance that: 
 any of these new rates will be similar to, or produce the economic equivalent of, the benchmarks that they seek to replace 
 arrangements by market participants to prepare for the discontinuation of certain benchmarks and the transition to alternative reference rates will be fully effective, or 
 a particular alternative reference rate will be widely accepted by market participants, or that market acceptance of that rate will not be hindered by the introduction of other reference rates. 

19 

Part I 

 For example, vast amounts of loans, mortgages, securities, derivatives and other financial instruments are still linked to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR benchmark, and significant progress has been made by regulators, industry bodies and market participants to introduce and implement the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a replacement rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, if market participants have not implemented effective operational and other arrangements to address the transition from U.S. dollar LIBOR to SOFR, this could result in dislocation in the financial markets, volatility in the pricing of securities, derivatives and other instruments, and the suppression of capital markets activities, all of which could have a negative impact on JPMorgan Chase s results of operations and on U.S. dollar LIBOR-linked securities, credit or other instruments which are issued, funded, serviced or held by JPMorgan Chase. 
 JPMorgan Chase could also become involved in litigation and other types of disputes with clients, customers, counterparties and investors as a consequence of the transition from U.S. dollar LIBOR and other benchmark rates to replacement rates, including claims that JPMorgan Chase has: 
 treated clients, customers, counterparties or investors unfairly, or caused them to experience losses, higher financing costs or lower returns on investments 
 failed to appropriately communicate the effects of the transition from benchmark rates on the products that JPMorgan Chase has sold to its clients and customers, or failed to disclose purported conflicts of interest 
 made inappropriate product recommendations to or investments on behalf of its clients, or sold products that did not serve their intended purpose, in connection with the transition from benchmark rates 
 engaged in anti-competitive behavior, or in the manipulation of markets or specific benchmarks, in connection with the discontinuation of or transition from benchmark rates, or 
 disadvantaged clients, customers, counterparties or investors when interpreting or making determinations under the terms of agreements or financial instruments. 
 These types of claims could subject JPMorgan Chase to higher legal expenses and operational costs, require it to pay significant amounts in connection with resolving litigation and other disputes, and harm its reputation. 
 Capital 
 Maintaining the required level and composition of capital may impact JPMorgan Chase s ability to support business activities, meet evolving regulatory requirements and distribute capital to shareholders. 
 JPMorgan Chase is subject to various regulatory capital requirements, including leverage- and risk-based capital requirements. In addition, as a Globally Systemically 

Important Bank GSIB ), JPMorgan Chase is required to hold additional capital buffers, including a GSIB surcharge, a Stress Capital Buffer SCB ), and a countercyclical buffer, each of which is reassessed at least annually. The amount of capital that JPMorgan Chase is required to hold in order to satisfy these leverage-and risk-based requirements could increase at any given time due to factors such as: 
 actions by banking regulators, including changes in laws, rules, and regulations 
 actions taken by the Federal Reserve or the U.S. government in response to the economic effects of systemic events, such as the actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic which led to an expansion of the Federal Reserve balance sheet, growth in deposits held by JPMorgan Chase and other U.S. financial institutions and, consequently, an increase in leverage exposure and the GSIB surcharge 
 changes in the composition of JPMorgan Chase s balance sheet or developments that could increase RWA, such as increased market risk, customer delinquencies, client credit rating downgrades or other factors, and 
 increases in estimated stress losses as determined by the Federal Reserve under the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, which could increase JPMorgan Chase s SCB. 
 Any failure by or inability of JPMorgan Chase to maintain the required level and composition of capital, or unfavorable changes in applicable capital requirements, could have an adverse impact on JPMorgan Chase s shareholders, such as: 
 reducing the amount of common stock that JPMorgan Chase is permitted to repurchase 
 requiring the issuance of, or prohibiting the redemption of, capital instruments in a manner inconsistent with JPMorgan Chase s capital management strategy 
 constraining the amount of dividends that may be paid on common stock, or 
 curtailing JPMorgan Chase s business activities or operations. 
 Operational 
 JPMorgan Chase s businesses are dependent on the effectiveness of its operational systems and those of other market participants. 
 JPMorgan Chase s businesses rely on the ability of JPMorgan Chase s financial, accounting, transaction execution, data processing and other operational systems to process, record, monitor and report a large number of transactions on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately, quickly and securely. In addition to proper design, installation, maintenance and training, the effective 

20 

functioning of JPMorgan Chase s operational systems depends on: 
 the quality of the information contained in those systems, as inaccurate, outdated or corrupted data can significantly compromise the functionality or reliability of a particular system and other systems to which it transmits or from which it receives information, and 
 the ability of JPMorgan Chase to appropriately maintain and upgrade its systems on a regular basis, and to ensure that any changes introduced to its systems are managed carefully to ensure security and operational continuity and adherence to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
 JPMorgan Chase also depends on its ability to access and use the operational systems of third parties, including its custodians, vendors (such as those that provide data and cloud computing services, and security and technology services) and other market participants (such as clearing and payment systems, CCPs and securities exchanges). 
 The ineffectiveness, failure or other disruption of operational systems upon which JPMorgan Chase depends, including due to a systems malfunction, cyberbreach or other systems failure, could result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets and for JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers, including: 
 delays or other disruptions in providing services, liquidity or information to clients and customers 
 the inability to settle transactions or obtain access to funds and other assets, including those for which physical settlement and delivery is required 
 failure to timely settle or confirm transactions 
 the possibility that funds transfers, capital markets trades or other transactions are executed erroneously, as a result of illegal conduct or with unintended consequences 
 financial losses, including due to loss-sharing requirements of CCPs, payment systems or other market infrastructures, or as possible restitution to clients and customers 
 higher operational costs associated with replacing services provided by a system that is unavailable 
 client or customer dissatisfaction with JPMorgan Chase s products and services 
 limitations on JPMorgan Chase's ability to collect data as required in connection with regulatory or other investigations 
 regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions against JPMorgan Chase 
 loss of confidence in the ability of JPMorgan Chase, or financial institutions generally, to protect against and withstand operational disruptions, or 

harm to JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 As the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity and complexity of transactions continue to increase, it can become more challenging to effectively maintain and upgrade JPMorgan Chase s operational systems and infrastructure, especially due to the heightened risks that: 
 attempts by third parties to defraud JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers may increase, evolve or become more complex, particularly during periods of market disruption or economic uncertainty 
 errors made by JPMorgan Chase or another market participant, whether inadvertent or malicious, cause widespread system disruption 
 isolated or seemingly insignificant errors in operational systems compound, or migrate to other systems over time, to become larger issues 
 failures in synchronization or encryption software, or degraded performance of microprocessors, could cause disruptions in operational systems, or the inability of systems to communicate with each other, and 
 third parties may attempt to block the use of key technology solutions by claiming that the use infringes on their intellectual property rights. 
 If JPMorgan Chase s operational systems, or those of newly-acquired businesses or of external parties on which JPMorgan Chase s businesses depend, are unable to meet the requirements of JPMorgan Chase s businesses and operations or bank regulatory standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, JPMorgan Chase could be materially and adversely affected. 
 A successful cyber attack affecting JPMorgan Chase could cause significant harm to JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers. 
 JPMorgan Chase experiences numerous cyber attacks on its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets on a daily basis from various actors, including groups acting on behalf of hostile countries, cyber-criminals, hacktivists (i.e., individuals or groups that use technology to promote a political agenda or social change) and others. These cyber attacks can take many forms, including attempts to introduce computer viruses or malicious code, which are commonly referred to as malware, into JPMorgan Chase s systems. These attacks are often designed to: 
 obtain unauthorized access to confidential information belonging to JPMorgan Chase or its clients, customers, counterparties or employees 
 manipulate data 
 destroy data or systems with the aim of rendering services unavailable 
 disrupt, sabotage or degrade service on JPMorgan Chase s systems 

21 

Part I 

 steal money, or 
 extort money through the use of so-called ransomware. 
 JPMorgan Chase has also experienced: 
 significant distributed denial-of-service attacks intended to disrupt online banking services and other business activities, and 
 a higher volume and complexity of cyber attacks against the backdrop of heightened geopolitical tensions. 
 JPMorgan Chase has experienced security breaches due to cyber attacks in the past, and it is inevitable that additional breaches will occur in the future. Any such breach could result in serious and harmful consequences for JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers. 
 A principal reason that JPMorgan Chase cannot provide absolute security against cyber attacks is that it may not always be possible to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to JPMorgan Chase s systems, or to implement effective preventive measures against all breaches because: 
 the techniques used in cyber attacks evolve frequently and are increasingly sophisticated, and therefore may not be recognized until launched 
 cyber attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including JPMorgan Chase s own employees, cyber-criminals, hacktivists, groups linked to terrorist organizations or hostile countries, or third parties whose objective is to disrupt the operations of financial institutions more generally 
 JPMorgan Chase does not have control over the cybersecurity of the systems of the large number of clients, customers, counterparties and third-party service providers with which it does business, and 
 it is possible that a third party, after establishing a foothold on an internal network without being detected, might obtain access to other networks and systems. 
 The risk of a security breach due to a cyber attack could increase in the future due to factors such as: 
 JPMorgan Chase s ongoing expansion of its mobile banking and other internet-based product offerings and its internal use of internet-based products and applications, including those that use cloud computing services 
 the acquisition and integration of new businesses, and 
 the increased use of remote access and third party video conferencing solutions to facilitate work-from-home arrangements for employees. 
 In addition, a third party could misappropriate confidential information obtained by intercepting signals or 

communications from mobile devices used by JPMorgan Chase s employees. 
 A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of JPMorgan Chase s systems or the systems of a vendor, governmental body or another market participant could cause serious negative consequences, including: 
 significant disruption of JPMorgan Chase s operations and those of its clients, customers and counterparties, including losing access to operational systems 
 misappropriation of confidential information of JPMorgan Chase or that of its clients, customers, counterparties, employees or regulators 
 disruption of or damage to JPMorgan Chase s systems and those of its clients, customers and counterparties 
 the inability, or extended delays in the ability, to fully recover and restore data that has been stolen, manipulated or destroyed, or the inability to prevent systems from processing fraudulent transactions 
 violations by JPMorgan Chase of applicable privacy and other laws 
 financial loss to JPMorgan Chase or to its clients, customers, counterparties or employees 
 loss of confidence in JPMorgan Chase s cybersecurity and business resiliency measures 
 dissatisfaction among JPMorgan Chase s clients, customers or counterparties 
 significant exposure to litigation and regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, and 
 harm to JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 The extent of a particular cyber attack and the steps that JPMorgan Chase may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before such an investigation can be completed. While such an investigation is ongoing, JPMorgan Chase may not necessarily know the full extent of the harm caused by the cyber attack, and that damage may continue to spread. These factors may inhibit JPMorgan Chase s ability to provide rapid, full and reliable information about the cyber attack to its clients, customers, counterparties and regulators, as well as the public. Furthermore, it may not be clear how best to contain and remediate the harm caused by the cyber attack, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated. Any or all of these factors could further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack. 

22 

JPMorgan Chase can be negatively affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms. 
 When JPMorgan Chase launches a new product or service, introduces a new platform for the delivery or distribution of products or services (including mobile connectivity, electronic trading and cloud computing), acquires or invests in a business or makes changes to an existing product, service or delivery platform, it may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from those changes, or may fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate the risks associated with those changes. Any significant failure in this regard could diminish JPMorgan Chase s ability to operate one or more of its businesses or result in: 
 potential liability to clients, counterparties and customers 
 increased operating expenses 
 higher litigation costs, including regulatory fines, penalties and other sanctions 
 damage to JPMorgan Chase s reputation 
 impairment of JPMorgan Chase s liquidity 
 regulatory intervention, or 
 weaker competitive standing. 
 Any of the foregoing consequences could materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s businesses and results of operations. 
 JPMorgan Chase s operational costs and customer satisfaction could be adversely affected by the failure of an external operational system. 
 External operational systems with which JPMorgan is connected, whether directly or indirectly, can be sources of operational risk to JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase may be exposed not only to a systems failure or cyber attack that may be experienced by a vendor or market infrastructure with which JPMorgan Chase is directly connected, but also to a systems breakdown or cyber attack involving another party to which such a vendor or infrastructure is connected. Similarly, retailers, payment systems and processors, data aggregators and other external parties with which JPMorgan Chase s customers do business can increase JPMorgan Chase s operational risk. This is particularly the case where activities of customers or other parties are beyond JPMorgan Chase s security and control systems, including through the use of the internet, cloud computing services, and personal smart phones and other mobile devices or services. 
 If an external party obtains access to customer account data on JPMorgan Chase s systems, whether authorized or unauthorized, and that party experiences a cyberbreach of its own systems or misappropriates that data, this could 

result in a variety of negative outcomes for JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers, including: 
 heightened risk that external parties will be able to execute fraudulent transactions using JPMorgan Chase s systems 
 losses from fraudulent transactions, as well as potential liability for losses that exceed thresholds established in consumer protection laws, rules and regulations 
 increased operational costs to remediate the consequences of the external party s security breach, and 
 reputational harm arising from the perception that JPMorgan Chase s systems may not be secure. 
 As JPMorgan Chase s interconnectivity with clients, customers and other external parties continues to expand, JPMorgan Chase increasingly faces the risk of operational failure or cyber attacks with respect to the systems of those parties. Security breaches affecting JPMorgan Chase s clients or customers, or systems breakdowns or failures, security breaches or human error or misconduct affecting other external parties, may require JPMorgan Chase to take steps to protect the integrity of its own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information, including restricting the access of customers to their accounts. These actions can increase JPMorgan Chase s operational costs and potentially diminish customer satisfaction and confidence in JPMorgan Chase. 
 Furthermore, the widespread and expanding interconnectivity among financial institutions, clearing banks, CCPs, payments processors, financial technology companies, securities exchanges, clearing houses and other financial market infrastructures increases the risk that the disruption of an operational system involving one institution or entity, including due to a cyber attack, may cause industry-wide operational disruptions that could materially affect JPMorgan Chase s ability to conduct business. 
 JPMorgan Chase s business and operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately-staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees. 
 JPMorgan Chase s ability to operate its businesses efficiently and profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of its clients and customers, and to maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on its ability to staff its operations appropriately and on the competence, integrity, health and safety of its employees. JPMorgan Chase's businesses and operations similarly rely on the workforces of third parties, including employees of vendors, custodians and financial markets infrastructures, and of businesses that it may seek to acquire. JPMorgan Chase s businesses could be materially and adversely affected by: 
 the ineffective implementation of business decisions 

23 

Part I 

 any failure to institute controls that appropriately address risks associated with business activities, or to appropriately train employees with respect to those risks and controls 
 staffing shortages, particularly in tight labor markets 
 the possibility that significant portions of JPMorgan Chase s workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, shelter-in-place arrangements, government actions or other restrictions in connection with health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics 
 a significant operational breakdown or failure, theft, fraud or other unlawful conduct, or 
 other negative outcomes caused by human error or misconduct by an employee of JPMorgan Chase or of another party on which JPMorgan Chase s businesses or operations depend. 
 JPMorgan Chase s operations could also be impaired if the measures taken by it or by governmental authorities to help ensure the health and safety of its employees are ineffective, or if any external party on which JPMorgan Chase relies fails to take appropriate and effective actions to protect the health and safety of its employees. 
 JPMorgan Chase faces substantial legal and operational risks in the processing and safeguarding of personal information. 
 JPMorgan Chase s businesses and operations are subject to complex and evolving laws, rules and regulations, both within and outside the U.S., governing the privacy and protection of personal information of individuals. Governmental authorities around the world have adopted and are considering the adoption of numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives concerning privacy, data protection and security. Litigation or enforcement actions relating to these laws, rules and regulations could result in 
 fines or orders requiring that JPMorgan Chase change its data-related practices, which could have an adverse effect on JPMorgan Chase s ability to provide products and otherwise harm its business operations. 
 Implementing processes relating to JPMorgan Chase s collection, use, sharing and storage of personal information to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions, including where the laws of different jurisdictions are in conflict, can: 
 increase JPMorgan Chase s compliance and operating costs 
 hinder the development of new products or services, curtail the offering of existing products or services, or affect how products and services are offered to clients and customers 
 demand significant oversight by JPMorgan Chase s management, and 

require JPMorgan Chase to structure its businesses, operations and systems in less efficient ways. 
 Not all of JPMorgan Chase s clients, customers, vendors, counterparties and other external parties may have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the information exchanged between them and JPMorgan Chase, particularly where information is transmitted by electronic means. JPMorgan Chase could be exposed to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions if personal information of clients, customers, employees or others were to be mishandled or misused, such as situations where such information is: 
 erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, or 
 intercepted or otherwise compromised by unauthorized third parties. 
 Concerns regarding the effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase s measures to safeguard personal information, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate, could cause JPMorgan Chase to lose existing or potential clients and customers or employees, and thereby reduce JPMorgan Chase s revenues. Furthermore, any failure or perceived failure by JPMorgan Chase to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, rules and regulations may subject it to inquiries, examinations and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, significant liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. Any of these could damage JPMorgan Chase s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its businesses. 
 In recent years, well-publicized incidents involving the inappropriate collection, use, sharing or storage of personal information have led to expanded governmental scrutiny of practices relating to the processing or safeguarding of personal information by companies in the U.S. and other countries. That scrutiny has in some cases resulted in, and could in the future lead to, the adoption of stricter laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, sharing and storage of personal information. These types of laws, rules and regulations could prohibit or significantly restrict financial services firms such as JPMorgan Chase from transferring information across national borders or sharing information among affiliates or with third parties such as vendors, thereby increase compliance costs, or could restrict JPMorgan Chase s use of personal information when developing or offering products or services to customers. Some countries are considering or have adopted legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data which could increase the cost and complexity of JPMorgan Chase s delivery of products and services. These restrictions could also inhibit JPMorgan Chase s development or marketing of certain products or services, or increase the costs of offering them to customers. 

24 

JPMorgan Chase s operations, results and reputation could be harmed by occurrences of extraordinary events beyond its control. 
 JPMorgan Chase s business and operational systems could be seriously disrupted, and its reputation could be harmed, by events or contributing factors that are wholly or partially beyond its control, including material instances of: 
 cyber attacks 
 security breaches of its physical premises, including threats to health and safety 
 power, telecommunications or internet outages, or shutdowns of mass transit 
 failure of, or loss of access to, technology or operational systems, including any resulting loss of critical data 
 damage to or loss of property or assets of JPMorgan Chase or third parties, and any consequent injuries, including in connection with any construction projects undertaken by JPMorgan Chase 
 effects of climate change 
 natural disasters or severe weather conditions 
 accidents such as explosions or structural failures 
 health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics, or 
 events arising from local or larger-scale civil or political unrest, any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, or terrorist acts. 
 JPMorgan Chase maintains a Firmwide resiliency program that is intended to enable it to recover critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology and facilities, in the event of a business disruption, including due to the occurrence of an extraordinary event beyond its control. There can be no assurance that JPMorgan Chase s resiliency plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to JPMorgan Chase, its clients, and customers and third parties with which it does business, or that its resiliency plans will be adequate to address the effects of simultaneous occurrences of multiple business disruption events. In addition, JPMorgan Chase s ability to respond effectively to a business disruption event could be hampered to the extent that the members of its workforce, physical assets or systems and other support infrastructure needed to address the event are geographically dispersed, or conversely, if such an event were to occur in an area in which they are concentrated. Further, should extraordinary events or the factors that cause or contribute to those events become more chronic, the disruptive effects of those events on JPMorgan Chase s business and operations, and on its clients, customers, counterparties and employees, could become more significant and long-lasting. 

Any significant failure or disruption of JPMorgan Chase s operations or operational systems, or the occurrence of one or more extraordinary events that are beyond its control, could: 
 hinder JPMorgan Chase s ability to provide services to its clients and customers or to transact with its counterparties 
 require it to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption or to address the event 
 cause it to incur losses or liabilities, including from loss of revenue, damage to or loss of property, or injuries 
 disrupt market infrastructure systems on which JPMorgan Chase s businesses rely 
 expose it to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, and 
 harm its reputation. 
 Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. 
 JPMorgan Chase must comply with enhanced regulatory and other standards associated with doing business with vendors and other service providers, including standards relating to the outsourcing of functions as well as the performance of significant banking and other functions by subsidiaries. JPMorgan Chase incurs significant costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its internal and external service providers. JPMorgan Chase s failure to appropriately assess and manage these relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could materially adversely affect JPMorgan Chase. Specifically, any such failure could result in: 
 potential harm to clients and customers, and any liability associated with that harm 
 regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions 
 lower revenues, and the opportunity cost from lost revenues 
 increased operational costs, or 
 harm to JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 JPMorgan Chase s risk management framework may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to JPMorgan Chase. 
 Any inadequacy or lapse in JPMorgan Chase s risk management framework, governance structure, practices, models or reporting systems could expose it to unexpected losses, and its financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Any such inadequacy or lapse could: 

25 

Part I 

 hinder the timely escalation of material risk issues to JPMorgan Chase s senior management and Board of Directors 
 lead to business decisions that have negative outcomes for JPMorgan Chase 
 require significant resources and time to remediate 
 lead to non-compliance with laws, rules and regulations 
 attract heightened regulatory scrutiny 
 expose JPMorgan Chase to litigation, regulatory investigations or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions 
 lead to potential harm to customers and clients, and any liability associated with that harm 
 harm its reputation, or 
 otherwise diminish confidence in JPMorgan Chase. 
 JPMorgan Chase relies on data to assess its various risk exposures. Any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase s data gathering, analysis and validation processes could result in ineffective risk management practices. These deficiencies could also result in inaccurate or untimely risk reporting. 
 Many of JPMorgan Chase s risk management strategies and techniques consider historical market behavior and to some degree are based on management s subjective judgment or assumptions. For example, many models used by JPMorgan Chase are based on assumptions regarding historical correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. In times of market stress, including difficult or less liquid market environments, or in the event of other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated. Conversely, previously-correlated indicators may become uncorrelated at those times. Sudden market movements and unanticipated market or economic movements could, in some circumstances, limit the effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase s risk management strategies, causing it to incur losses. 
 JPMorgan Chase could recognize unexpected losses, its capital levels could be reduced and it could face greater regulatory scrutiny if its models, estimations or judgments, including those used in its financial statements, prove to be inadequate or incorrect. 
 JPMorgan Chase has developed and uses a variety of models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations to measure, monitor and implement controls over its market, credit, capital, liquidity, operational and other risks. JPMorgan Chase also uses internal models and estimations as a basis for its stress testing and in connection with the preparation of its financial statements under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). 
 These models and estimations are based on a variety of assumptions and historical trends, and are periodically 

reviewed and modified as necessary. The models and estimations that JPMorgan Chase uses may not be effective in all cases to identify, observe and mitigate risk due to a variety of factors, such as: 
 reliance on historical trends that may not persist in the future, including assumptions underlying the models and estimations such as correlations among certain market indicators or asset prices 
 inherent limitations associated with forecasting uncertain economic and financial outcomes 
 historical trend information may be incomplete, or may not be indicative of severely negative market conditions such as extreme volatility, dislocation or lack of liquidity 
 sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain financial instruments 
 technology that is introduced to run models or estimations may not perform as expected, or may not be well understood by the personnel using the technology 
 models and estimations may contain erroneous data, valuations, formulas or algorithms, and 
 review processes may fail to detect flaws in models and estimations. 
 JPMorgan Chase may experience unexpected losses if models, estimates or judgments used or applied in connection with its risk management activities or the preparation of its financial statements prove to have been inadequate or incorrect. For example, where quoted market prices are not available for certain financial instruments that require a determination of their fair value, JPMorgan Chase may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management estimates and judgment. 
 Similarly, JPMorgan Chase establishes an allowance for expected credit losses related to its credit exposures which requires significant judgments, including forecasts of how macroeconomic conditions might impair the ability of JPMorgan Chase s clients and customers to repay their loans or other obligations. These types of estimates and judgments may not prove to be accurate due to a variety of factors, as noted above. This is particularly true when the current and forecasted environments are significantly different from the historical environments upon which the models were developed, as JPMorgan Chase experienced during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increased uncertainty may necessitate a greater degree of judgment and analytics to inform any adjustments that JPMorgan Chase may make to model outputs than would otherwise be the case. 
 Some of the models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations used by JPMorgan Chase in managing 

26 

risks are subject to review by, and require the approval of, JPMorgan Chase s regulators. These reviews are required before JPMorgan Chase may use those models and estimations for calculating market risk RWA, credit risk RWA and operational risk RWA under Basel III. If JPMorgan Chase s models or estimations are not approved by its regulators, it may be subject to higher capital charges, which could adversely affect its financial results or limit the ability to expand its businesses. 
 Lapses in controls over disclosure or financial reporting could materially affect JPMorgan Chase s profitability or reputation. 
 There can be no assurance that JPMorgan Chase s disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in every circumstance, or that a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting will not occur. Any such lapses or deficiencies could result in inaccurate financial reporting which, in turn, could: 
 materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s business and results of operations or financial condition 
 restrict its ability to access the capital markets 
 require it to expend significant resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies 
 expose it to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions 
 harm its reputation, or 
 otherwise diminish investor confidence in JPMorgan Chase. 
 Strategic 
 If JPMorgan Chase s management fails to develop and execute effective business strategies, and to anticipate changes affecting those strategies, JPMorgan Chase s competitive standing and results could suffer. 
 JPMorgan Chase s business strategies significantly affect its competitive standing and operations. These strategies relate to: 
 the products and services that JPMorgan Chase offers 
 the geographies in which it operates 
 the types of clients and customers that it serves 
 the businesses that it acquires or in which it invests 
 the counterparties with which it does business, and 
 the methods and distribution channels by which it offers products and services. 
 If management makes choices about these strategies and goals that prove to be incorrect, are based on incomplete, inaccurate or fraudulent information, do not accurately assess the competitive landscape and industry trends, or fail to address changing regulatory and market environments or the expectations of clients, customers, 

investors, employees and other stakeholders, then the franchise values and growth prospects of JPMorgan Chase s businesses may suffer and its earnings could decline. 
 JPMorgan Chase s growth prospects also depend on management s ability to develop and execute effective business plans to address these strategic priorities, both in the near term and over longer time horizons. Management s effectiveness in this regard will affect JPMorgan Chase s ability to develop and enhance its resources, control expenses and return capital to shareholders. Each of these objectives could be adversely affected by any failure on the part of management to: 
 devise effective business plans and strategies 
 offer products and services that meet changing expectations of clients and customers 
 allocate capital in a manner that promotes long-term stability to enable JPMorgan Chase to build and invest in market-leading businesses, even in a highly stressed environment 
 allocate capital appropriately due to imprecise modeling or subjective judgments made in connection with those allocations 
 conduct appropriate due diligence on prospective business acquisitions or investments, or effectively integrate newly-acquired businesses 
 appropriately address concerns of clients, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders, including with respect to ESG matters 
 react quickly to changes in market conditions or market structures, or 
 develop and enhance the operational, technology, risk, financial and managerial resources necessary to grow and manage JPMorgan Chase s businesses. 
 Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase may incur costs in connection with disposing of excess properties, premises and facilities, and those costs could be material to its results of operations in a given period. 
 JPMorgan Chase faces significant and increasing competition in the rapidly evolving financial services industry. 
 JPMorgan Chase operates in a highly competitive environment in which it must evolve and adapt to the significant changes as a result of changes in financial regulation, technological advances, increased public scrutiny and changes in economic conditions. JPMorgan Chase expects that competition in the U.S. and global financial services industry will continue to be intense. Competitors include: 
 other banks and financial institutions 
 trading, advisory and investment management firms 
 finance companies 

27 

Part I 

 technology companies, and 
 other nonbank firms that are engaged in providing similar as well as new products and services. 
 JPMorgan Chase cannot provide assurance that the significant competition in the financial services industry will not materially and adversely affect its future results of operations. For example, aggressive or less disciplined lending practices by nonbank competitors could lead to a loss of market share for traditional banks, and in an economic downturn could result in instability in the financial services industry and adversely impact other market participants, including JPMorgan Chase. 
 New competitors in the financial services industry continue to emerge. For example, technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products. These advances have also allowed financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities and cryptocurrency trading, lending and other extensions of credit to consumers, payments processing and online automated algorithmic-based investment advice. Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payments processing and other products and services, including deposits and other traditional banking products, could be significantly disrupted by the use of new technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and other applications using secure distributed ledgers, that require no intermediation. New technologies have required and could require JPMorgan Chase to spend more to modify or adapt its products to attract and retain clients and customers or to match products and services offered by its competitors, including technology companies. In addition, new technologies may be used by customers, or breached or infiltrated by third parties, in unexpected ways, which can increase JPMorgan Chase s costs for complying with laws, rules and regulations that apply to the offering of products and services through those technologies and reduce the income that JPMorgan Chase earns from providing products and services through those technologies. 
 Ongoing or increased competition may put pressure on the pricing for JPMorgan Chase s products and services or may cause JPMorgan Chase to lose market share, particularly with respect to traditional banking products. This competition may be on the basis of quality and variety of products and services offered, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. The failure of any of JPMorgan Chase s businesses to meet the expectations of clients and customers, whether due to general market conditions, under-performance, a decision not to offer a particular product or service, changes in client and customer expectations or other factors, could affect JPMorgan Chase s ability to attract or retain clients and customers. Any such impact could, in turn, reduce JPMorgan Chase s revenues. Increased competition also 

may require JPMorgan Chase to make additional capital investments in its businesses, or to extend more of its capital on behalf of its clients in order to remain competitive. 
 The effects of climate change could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s business and operations, both directly and as a result of impacts on its clients and customers. 
 JPMorgan Chase operates in many regions, countries and communities around the world where its business, and the activities of its clients and customers, could be adversely affected by climate change. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk to JPMorgan Chase either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a lower-carbon economy. Both physical risks and transition risks associated with climate change could have negative impacts on the financial condition or creditworthiness of JPMorgan s clients and customers, and on its exposure to those clients and customers. 
 Climate-related physical risks include the increased frequency or severity of acute weather events, such as floods, wildfires and tropical storms, and chronic shifts in the climate, such as persistent changes in precipitation levels, rising sea levels, or increases in average ambient temperature.Potential adverse impacts of climate-related physical risks include: 
 declines in asset values, including due to the destruction or degradation of property 
 reduced availability or increased cost of insurance for clients of JPMorgan Chase 
 interruptions to business operations, including supply chain disruption, and 
 population migration or unemployment in affected regions. 
 Transition risks arise from societal adjustment to a lower-carbon economy, such as changes in public policy, adoption of new technologies or changes in consumer preferences towards low-carbon goods and services. These risks could also be influenced by changes in the physical climate. Potential adverse impacts of transition risks include: 
 sudden devaluation of assets, including unanticipated write-downs stranded assets 
 increased operational and compliance costs driven by changes in climate policy 
 increased energy costs driven by governmental actions and initiatives such as higher taxation and accelerated decarbonization policies 
 negative consequences to business models, and the need to make changes in response to those consequences, and 
 damage to JPMorgan Chase s reputation, including due to any perception that its business practices are 

28 

contrary to public policy or the preferences of different stakeholders. 
 Climate risks can also arise from the inconsistencies and conflicts in the manner in which climate policy and financial regulation is implemented in the many regions where JPMorgan Chase operates, including initiatives to apply and enforce policy and regulation with extraterritorial effect. 
 Conduct 
 Conduct failure by JPMorgan Chase employees can harm clients and customers, impact market integrity, damage JPMorgan Chase s reputation and trigger litigation and regulatory action. 
 JPMorgan Chase s employees interact with clients, customers and counterparties, and with each other, every day. All employees are expected to demonstrate values and exhibit the behaviors that are an integral part of JPMorgan Chase s Code of Conduct and How We Do Business Principles, including JPMorgan Chase s commitment to do first class business in a first class way. JPMorgan Chase endeavors to embed conduct risk management throughout an employee s life cycle, including recruiting, onboarding, training and development, and performance management. Conduct risk management is also an integral component of JPMorgan Chase s promotion and compensation processes. 
 Notwithstanding these expectations, policies and practices, certain employees have engaged in improper or illegal conduct in the past. These instances of misconduct have resulted in litigation, and resolutions of governmental investigations or enforcement actions involving consent orders, deferred prosecution agreements, non-prosecution agreements and other civil or criminal sanctions. There is no assurance that further inappropriate or unlawful actions by employees have not occurred or will not occur, lead to a violation of the terms of these resolutions (and associated consequences), or that any such actions will always be detected, deterred or prevented. 
 JPMorgan Chase s reputation could be harmed, and collateral consequences could result, from a failure by one or more employees to conduct themselves in accordance with JPMorgan Chase s expectations, policies and practices, including by acting in ways that harm clients, customers, other market participants, employees or others. Some examples of this include: 
 improperly selling and marketing JPMorgan Chase s products or services 
 engaging in insider trading, market manipulation or unauthorized trading 
 engaging in improper or fraudulent behavior in connection with government relief programs 
 facilitating a transaction where a material objective is to achieve a particular tax, accounting or financial disclosure treatment that may be subject to scrutiny by governmental or regulatory authorities, or where the 

proposed treatment is unclear or may not reflect the economic substance of the transaction 
 failing to fulfill fiduciary obligations or other duties owed to clients or customers 
 violating antitrust or anti-competition laws by colluding with other market participants 
 using electronic communications channels that have not been approved by JPMorgan Chase 
 engaging in discriminatory behavior or harassment with respect to clients, customers or employees, or acting contrary to JPMorgan Chase s goal of fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace 
 managing or reporting risks in ways that subordinate JPMorgan Chase s risk appetite to business performance goals or employee compensation objectives, and 
 misappropriating property, confidential or proprietary information, or technology assets belonging to JPMorgan Chase, its clients and customers or third parties. 
 The consequences of any failure by one or more employees to conduct themselves in accordance with JPMorgan Chase s expectations, policies or practices could include litigation, or regulatory or other governmental investigations or enforcement actions. Any of these proceedings or actions could result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other sanctions, or lead to: 
 financial losses 
 increased operational and compliance costs 
 greater scrutiny by regulators and other parties 
 regulatory actions that require JPMorgan Chase to restructure, curtail or cease certain of its activities 
 the need for significant oversight by JPMorgan Chase s management 
 loss of clients or customers, and 
 harm to JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 The foregoing risks could be heightened with respect to newly-acquired businesses if JPMorgan Chase fails to successfully integrate employees of those businesses or any of those employees do not conduct themselves in accordance with JPMorgan Chase's expectations, policies and practices. 
 Reputation 
 Damage to JPMorgan Chase s reputation could harm its businesses. 
 Maintaining trust in JPMorgan Chase is critical to its ability to attract and retain clients, customers, investors and employees. Damage to JPMorgan Chase s reputation can therefore cause significant harm to JPMorgan Chase s 

29 

Part I 

 business and prospects, and can arise from numerous sources, including: 
 employee misconduct, including discriminatory behavior or harassment with respect to clients, customers or employees, or actions that are contrary to JPMorgan Chase s goal of fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace 
 security breaches, including as a result of cyber attacks 
 failure to safeguard client, customer or employee information 
 failure to manage risks associated with its business activities or those of its clients, including those that may be unpopular among one or more constituencies 
 failure to meet publicly-announced commitments to support ESG initiatives 
 non-compliance with laws, rules, and regulations 
 operational failures 
 litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions 
 actions taken in executing regulatory and governmental requirements during a global or regional health emergency, spread of infectious disease, epidemic or pandemic 
 regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, or resolutions of these matters, and 
 failure or perceived failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations by JPMorgan Chase or its clients, customers, counterparties or other parties, including newly-acquired businesses, companies in which JPMorgan Chase has made principal investments, parties to joint ventures with JPMorgan Chase, and vendors with which JPMorgan Chase does business. 
 JPMorgan Chase s reputation may be significantly damaged by adverse publicity or negative information regarding JPMorgan Chase, whether or not true, that may be published or broadcast by the media or posted on social media, non-mainstream news services or other parts of the internet. This latter risk can be magnified by the speed and pervasiveness with which information is disseminated through those channels. 
 Social and environmental activists have been increasingly targeting JPMorgan Chase and other financial services firms with public criticism concerning their business practices, including business relationships with clients that are engaged in certain sensitive industries, such as companies : 
 whose products are or are perceived to be harmful to human health, or 
 whose activities negatively affect or are perceived to negatively affect the environment, workers rights or communities. 

Activists have also taken actions intended to change or influence JPMorgan Chase s business practices with respect to ESG matters, including public protests at JPMorgan Chase s headquarters and other properties, and submitting specific ESG-related proposals for a vote by JPMorgan Chase s shareholders. 
 These and other types of activist criticism and actions directed at JPMorgan Chase could potentially engender dissatisfaction among clients, customers, investors and employees with how JPMorgan Chase addresses ESG concerns in its business activities. In all of these cases, the resulting harm to JPMorgan Chase s reputation could: 
 attract scrutiny from governmental or regulatory bodies 
 cause certain clients and customers to cease doing business with JPMorgan Chase 
 impair JPMorgan Chase s ability to attract new clients and customers, or to expand its relationships with existing clients and customers 
 diminish JPMorgan Chase s ability to hire or retain employees 
 prompt JPMorgan Chase to cease doing business with certain clients or customers 
 cause certain investors to divest from investments in securities of JPMorgan Chase, or 
 otherwise negatively affect JPMorgan Chase's business and results of operations. 
 Actions by the financial services industry generally or individuals in the industry can also affect JPMorgan Chase s reputation. For example, the reputation of the industry as a whole can be damaged by concerns that: 
 consumers have been treated unfairly by a financial institution, or 
 a financial institution has acted inappropriately with respect to the methods used to offer products to customers. 
 If JPMorgan Chase is perceived to have engaged in these types of behaviors, this could weaken its reputation among clients or customers. 
 Failure to effectively manage potential conflicts of interest or to satisfy fiduciary obligations can result in litigation and enforcement actions, as well as damage JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 JPMorgan Chase s ability to manage potential conflicts of interest is highly complex due to the broad range of its business activities which encompass a variety of transactions, obligations and interests with and among JPMorgan Chase s clients and customers. JPMorgan Chase can become subject to litigation, enforcement actions, and heightened regulatory scrutiny, and its reputation can be damaged, by the failure or perceived failure to: 

30 

adequately address or appropriately disclose conflicts of interest, including potential conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with providing multiple products and services in, or having one or more investments related to, the same transaction 
 identify and address any conflict of interest that a third party with which it is does business may have with respect to a transaction involving JPMorgan Chase 
 deliver appropriate standards of service and quality 
 treat clients and customers fairly and with the appropriate standard of care 
 use client and customer data responsibly and in a manner that meets legal requirements and regulatory expectations 
 provide fiduciary products or services in accordance with the applicable legal and regulatory standards, or 
 handle or use confidential information of customers or clients appropriately and in compliance with applicable data protection and privacy laws, rules and regulations. 
 A failure or perceived failure to appropriately address conflicts of interest or fiduciary obligations could result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, and heightened regulatory scrutiny and enforcement actions, all of which can lead to lost revenue and higher operating costs and cause serious harm to JPMorgan Chase s reputation. 
 Country 
 An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the global economy and on JPMorgan Chase s businesses within the affected region or globally. 
 Aggressive actions by hostile governments or groups, including armed conflict or intensified cyber attacks, could expand in unpredictable ways by drawing in other countries or escalating into full-scale war with potentially catastrophic consequences, particularly if one or more of the combatants possess nuclear weapons. Depending on the scope of the conflict, the hostilities could result in: 
 worldwide economic disruption 
 heightened volatility in financial markets 
 severe declines in asset values, accompanied by widespread sell-offs of investments 
 substantial depreciation of local currencies, potentially leading to defaults by borrowers and counterparties in the affected region 
 disruption of global trade, and 
 diminished consumer, business and investor confidence. 
 Any of the above consequences could have significant negative effects on JPMorgan Chase s operations and 

earnings, both in the countries or regions directly affected by the hostilities or globally. Further, if the U.S. were to become directly involved in such a conflict, this could lead to a curtailment of any operations that JPMorgan Chase may have in the affected countries or region, as well as in any nation that is aligned against the U.S. in the hostilities. JPMorgan Chase could also experience more numerous and aggressive cyber attacks launched by or under the sponsorship of one or more of the adversaries in such a conflict. 
 JPMorgan Chase s business and operations in certain countries can be adversely affected by local economic, political, regulatory and social factors. 
 Some of the countries in which JPMorgan Chase conducts business have economies or markets that are less developed and more volatile or may have political, legal and regulatory regimes that are less established or predictable than other countries in which JPMorgan Chase operates. In addition, in some jurisdictions in which JPMorgan Chase conducts business, the local economy and business activities are subject to substantial government influence or control. Some of these countries have in the past experienced economic disruptions, including: 
 extreme currency fluctuations 
 high inflation 
 low or negative growth, and 
 defaults or reduced ability to service sovereign debt. 
 The governments in these countries have sometimes reacted to these developments by imposing restrictive policies that adversely affect the local and regional business environment, such as: 
 price, capital or exchange controls, including imposition of punitive transfer and convertibility restrictions or forced currency exchange 
 expropriation or nationalization of assets or confiscation of property, including intellectual property, and 
 changes in laws, rules and regulations. 
 The impact of these actions could be accentuated in trading markets that are smaller, less liquid and more volatile than more-developed markets. These types of government actions can negatively affect JPMorgan Chase s operations in the relevant country, either directly or by suppressing the business activities of local clients or multi-national clients that conduct business in the jurisdiction. 
 In addition, emerging markets countries, as well as more developed countries, have been susceptible to unfavorable social developments arising from poor economic conditions or governmental actions, including: 
 widespread demonstrations, civil unrest or general strikes 
 crime and corruption 

31 

Part I 

 security and personal safety issues 
 an outbreak or escalation of hostilities, or other geopolitical instabilities 
 overthrow of incumbent governments 
 terrorist attacks, and 
 other forms of internal discord. 
 These economic, political, regulatory and social developments have in the past resulted in, and in the future could lead to, conditions that can adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s operations in those countries and impair the revenues, growth and profitability of those operations. In addition, any of these events or circumstances in one country can affect JPMorgan Chase s operations and investments in another country or countries, including in the U.S. 
 People 
 JPMorgan Chase s ability to attract and retain qualified and diverse employees is critical to its success. 
 JPMorgan Chase s employees are its most important resource, and in many areas of the financial services industry, competition for qualified personnel is intense. JPMorgan Chase endeavors to attract talented and diverse new employees and retain, develop and motivate its existing employees. JPMorgan Chase's efforts to retain talented and diverse employees can be particularly challenging when members of its workforce are targeted for recruitment by competitors. If JPMorgan Chase were unable to continue to attract or retain qualified and diverse employees, including successors to the Chief Executive Officer, members of the Operating Committee and other senior leaders, JPMorgan Chase s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially and adversely affected. 
 JPMorgan Chase s increased use of hybrid work models could result in deterioration in employee performance or degradation of JPMorgan Chase's control environment which may have a material and adverse effect on its business and operations. Alternatively, discontinuing hybrid work models could harm JPMorgan Chase s ability to attract and retain employees. 
 Unfavorable changes in immigration or travel policies could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s businesses and operations. 
 JPMorgan Chase relies on the skills, knowledge and expertise of employees located throughout the world. Changes in immigration or travel policies in the U.S. and other countries that unduly restrict or otherwise make it more difficult for employees or their family members to work in, or travel to or transfer between, jurisdictions in which JPMorgan Chase has operations or conducts its business could inhibit JPMorgan Chase s ability to attract and retain qualified employees, and thereby dilute the quality of its workforce, or could prompt JPMorgan Chase to 

make structural changes to its worldwide or regional operating models that cause its operations to be less efficient or more costly. 
 Legal 
 JPMorgan Chase faces significant legal risks from litigation and formal and informal regulatory and government investigations. 
 JPMorgan Chase is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in many legal proceedings, including class actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties. Actions currently pending against JPMorgan Chase may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other sanctions adverse to JPMorgan Chase. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase s business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that JPMorgan Chase will continue to experience a high level of litigation and regulatory and government investigations related to its businesses and operations. 
 Regulators and other government agencies conduct examinations of JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries both on a routine basis and in targeted exams, and JPMorgan Chase s businesses and operations are subject to heightened regulatory oversight. This heightened regulatory scrutiny, or the results of such an investigation or examination, may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. There is no assurance that those actions will not result in resolutions or other enforcement actions against JPMorgan Chase. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal, state or local agencies and officials in the U.S. or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental officials in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 If another financial institution violates a law or regulation relating to a particular business activity or practice, this will often give rise to an investigation by regulators and other governmental agencies of the same or similar activity or practice by JPMorgan Chase. 
 These and other initiatives by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental authorities may subject JPMorgan Chase to judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other sanctions, and may require JPMorgan Chase to restructure its operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services. All of these potential outcomes could harm JPMorgan Chase s reputation or lead to higher operational costs, thereby reducing JPMorgan Chase s profitability, or result in collateral consequences. In addition, the extent of JPMorgan Chase s exposure to legal and regulatory matters can be unpredictable and could, in some cases, exceed the amount of reserves that JPMorgan Chase has established for those matters. 

32 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 JPMorgan Chase s headquarters is located in New York City at 383 Madison Avenue, a 47-story office building that it owns. The demolition of the Firm's former headquarters at 270 Park Avenue in New York City was completed in 2021, and construction of a new headquarters on the same site is underway. 
 The Firm owned or leased facilities in the following locations at December 31, 2022. 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions) Approximate square footage United States (a) 
 New York City, New York 
 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 
 1.1 All other New York City locations 
 5.7 Total New York City, New York 
 6.8 Other U.S. locations 
 Columbus/Westerville, Ohio 
 3.5 Chicago, Illinois 
 2.7 Dallas/Plano/Fort Worth, Texas 
 2.5 Wilmington/Newark, Delaware 
 2.2 Houston, Texas 
 1.6 Phoenix/Tempe, Arizona 
 1.5 Jersey City, New Jersey 
 1.4 All other U.S. locations 
 32.9 Total United States 
 55.1 Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA 
 25 Bank Street, London, U.K. 
 1.4 All other U.K. locations 
 2.9 All other EMEA locations 
 1.5 Total EMEA 
 5.8 Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Canada 
 India 
 6.5 Philippines 1.1 All other locations 
 2.8 Total Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Canada 
 10.4 Total 
 71.3 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, the Firm owned or leased 4,787 retail branches in 48 states and Washington D.C. 
 The premises and facilities occupied by JPMorgan Chase are used across all of the Firm s business segments and for corporate purposes. JPMorgan Chase continues to evaluate its current and projected space requirements and may determine from time to time that certain of its properties (including the premises and facilities noted above) are no longer necessary for its operations. There is no assurance that the Firm will be able to dispose of any such excess properties, premises or facilities, or that it will not incur costs in connection with such dispositions. Such disposition costs may be material to the Firm s results of operations in 

a given period. Refer to the Consolidated Results of Operations on pages 51-54 for information on occupancy expense. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Refer to Note 30 for a description of the Firm s material legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 

33 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market for registrant s common equity 
 JPMorgan Chase s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Refer to Five-year stock performance, on page 45 for a comparison of the cumulative total return for JPMorgan Chase common stock with the comparable total return of the S P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and the S P Financials Index over the five-year period ended December 31, 2022. 

Refer to Capital actions in the Capital Risk Management section of Management s discussion and analysis on page 94 for information on the common dividend payout ratio. Refer to Note 21 for a discussion of restrictions on dividend payments. On January 31, 2023, there were 203,141 holders of record of JPMorgan Chase common stock. Refer to Part III, Item 12 on page 37 for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Firm s employee share-based incentive plans. 
 Repurchases under the common share repurchase program 
 Refer to Capital actions in the Capital Risk Management section of Management s discussion and analysis on page 94 for information regarding repurchases under the Firm s common share repurchase program. 

Effective May 1, 2022, the Firm is authorized to purchase up to 30 billion of common shares under its common share repurchase program, which superseded the previously approved repurchase program under which the Firm was authorized to purchase up to 30 billion of common shares. 
 On July 14, 2022, the Firm announced that it had temporarily suspended share repurchases in anticipation of the increase in the Firm's regulatory capital requirements. The Firm had set a target for achieving CET1 capital of 13.0 by the first quarter of 2023. The Firm met and exceeded that target in the fourth quarter of 2022, and resumed repurchasing shares under its common share repurchase program in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Shares repurchased pursuant to the common share repurchase program during 2022 were as follows. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Total number of shares of common stock repurchased Average price paid per share of common stock (a) 
 Aggregate purchase price of common stock repurchases 
 (in millions) (a) 
 Dollar value 
 of remaining 
 authorized 
 repurchase 
 (in millions) (a) 
 First quarter 18,106,991 138.04 2,500 9,052 Second quarter 4,981,047 124.88 622 29,633 (b)(c) 
 Third quarter October November December Fourth quarter Year-to-date 23,088,038 135.20 3,122 29,633 (c) 
 
 (a) Excludes commissions cost. 
 (b) The remaining amount of 8.8 billion under the prior Board authorization was canceled when the 30 billion repurchase program was authorized by the Board of Directors effective May 1, 2022. 
 (c) Represents the amount remaining under the 30 billion repurchase program. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, entitled Management s discussion and analysis, appears on pages 46 154. Such information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, which appear on pages 159-291. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Refer to the Market Risk Management section of Management s discussion and analysis on pages 131-138 for a discussion of quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. 

34 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the Notes thereto and the report thereon dated February 21, 2023, of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Firm s independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID ), appear on pages 156-291. 
 The Glossary of Terms and Acronyms is included on pages 297-303. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 The internal control framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), Internal Control Integrated Framework COSO 2013 ), provides guidance for designing, implementing and conducting internal control and assessing its effectiveness. The Firm used the COSO 2013 framework to assess the effectiveness of the Firm s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Management s report on internal control over financial reporting on page 155. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm s management, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Refer to Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 for the Certifications furnished by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. 
 The Firm is committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial reporting. Nevertheless, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Deficiencies or lapses in internal controls may occur from time to time, and there can be no assurance that any such deficiencies will not result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal control in the future and collateral consequences therefrom. Refer to Management s report on internal control over financial reporting on page 155 for further information. There was no change in the Firm s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 

materially affect, the Firm s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 

35 

Parts III and IV 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Executive officers of the registrant 
 Age Name (at December 31, 2022) Positions and offices James Dimon 66 Chairman of the Board since December 2006 and Chief Executive Officer since December 2005. 
 Ashley Bacon 53 Chief Risk Officer since June 2013. Jeremy Barnum 50 Chief Financial Officer since May 2021, prior to which he was Head of Global Research for the Corporate Investment Bank since February 2021. He previously served as Chief Financial Officer of the Corporate Investment Bank from July 2013 until February 2021. 
 Lori A. Beer 55 Chief Information Officer since September 2017, prior to which she had been Chief Information Officer of the Corporate Investment Bank since June 2016. 
 Mary Callahan Erdoes 55 Chief Executive Officer of Asset Wealth Management since September 2009. Stacey Friedman 54 General Counsel since January 2016. 
 Marianne Lake 53 Co-Chief Executive Officer of Consumer Community Banking since May 2021, prior to which she had been Chief Executive Officer of Consumer Lending since May 2019. She was Chief Financial Officer from January 2013 until May 2019. 
 Robin Leopold 58 Head of Human Resources since January 2018, prior to which she had been Head of Human Resources for the Corporate Investment Bank since August 2012. 
 Douglas B. Petno 57 Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Banking since January 2012. Jennifer A. Piepszak 52 Co-Chief Executive Officer o f C onsumer Community Banking since May 2021, prior to which she had been Chief Financial Officer since May 2019. She previously served as Chief Executive Officer for Card Services from February 2017 until May 2019. 
 Daniel E. Pinto 60 President and Chief Operating Officer since January 2022 and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate Investment Bank since March 2014, having previously served as Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer since January 2018. 
 Peter L. Scher 61 Vice Chairman since March 2021. He previously served as Chairman of the Mid-Atlantic Region from February 2015 until December 2022 and Head of Corporate Responsibility from April 2011 until September 2021. 
 
 Unless otherwise noted, during the five fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, all of JPMorgan Chase s above-named executive officers have continuously held senior-level positions with JPMorgan Chase. There are no family relationships among the foregoing executive officers. Information to be provided in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this 2022 Form 10-K and not otherwise included herein is incorporated by reference to the Firm s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 16, 2023, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the Firm s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 36 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Refer to Item 10. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Refer to Item 10 for security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management. 
 The following table sets forth the total number of shares available for issuance under JPMorgan Chase s employee share-based incentive plans (including shares available for issuance to non-employee directors). The Firm is not authorized to grant share-based incentive awards to non-employees, other than to non-employee directors. 
 December 31, 2022 Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options/stock appreciation rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options/stock appreciation rights Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under stock incentive plans Plan category Employee share-based incentive plans approved by shareholders 2,511,444 (a) 
 141.19 69,327,901 (b) 
 Total 2,511,444 141.19 69,327,901 
 (a) Does not include restricted stock units or performance stock units granted under the shareholder-approved Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP ), as amended and restated effective May 18, 2021. Refer to Note 9 for further discussion. 
 (b) Represents shares available for future issuance under the shareholder-approved LTIP. 
 All shares available for future issuance will be issued under the shareholder-approved LTIP. Refer to Note 9 for further discussion. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Refer to Item 10. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Refer to Item 10. 

37 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 1 Financial statements The Consolidated Financial Statements, the Notes thereto and the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon listed in Item 8 are set forth commencing on page 156. 2 Financial statement schedules 3 Exhibits 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JPMorgan Chase Co., effective April 5, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 7, 2006). 
 3.2 Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JPMorgan Chase Co., effective June 7, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Appendix F to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 10, 2013). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Q (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 23, 2013). 
 3.4 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 29, 2013). 
 3.5 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 22, 2014). 
 3.6 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on March 10, 2014). 
 3.7 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series X (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on September 23, 2014). 

3.8 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series CC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed October 20, 2017). 
 3.9 Certificate of Designations for 5.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series DD (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed September 21, 2018). 
 
 3.10 Certificate of Designations for 6.00 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series EE (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 24, 2019). 
 
 3.11 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series FF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 31, 2019). 
 3.12 Certificate of Designations for 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series GG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed November 7, 2019). 
 3.13 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series HH (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 23, 2020). 
 3.14 Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed February 24, 2020). 
 3.15 Certificate of Designations for 4.55 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series JJ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed March 17, 2021). 
 3.16 Certificate of Designations for 3.65 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series KK (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed May 12, 2021). 
 3.17 Certificate of Designations for 4.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series LL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed May 20, 2021). 

38 

3.18 Certificate of Designations for 4.20 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series MM (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 29, 2021). 
 3.19 By-laws of JPMorgan Chase Co., as amended, effective January 17 , 20 23 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 17 , 20 23 ). 
 4.1(a) Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010, between JPMorgan Chase Co. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No.1-5805) filed October 21, 2010). 
 4.1(b) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase Co. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 13, 2017). 
 4.2(a) Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2014, between JPMorgan Chase Co. and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No.1-5805) filed March 14, 2014). 
 4.2(b) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase Co. and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee, to the Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 13, 2017). 
 4.3(a) Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2001, between JPMorgan Chase Co. and Bankers Trust Company (succeeded by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(1) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 333-52826) filed June 13, 2001). 
 4.3(b) Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase Co. and Bankers Trust Company (succeeded by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas), as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 13, 2017). 

4.4 Indenture, dated as of February 19, 2016, among JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC, JPMorgan Chase Co. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(7) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase Co. and JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC (File No. 333-209682) filed February 24, 2016). 
 4.5 Form of Deposit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 333-191692) filed October 11, 2013). 
 4.6 Description of Securities of JPMorgan Chase Co. registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (b) 
 Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of JPMorgan Chase Co. and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. JPMorgan Chase Co. agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request. 10.1 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of JPMorgan Chase Co., as amended and restated July 2001 and as of December 31, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007). (a) 
 10.2 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of JPMorgan Chase Co., effective as of January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007). (a) 
 10.3 2005 Deferred Compensation Program of JPMorgan Chase Co., restated effective as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a) 
 10.4 JPMorgan Chase Co. Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective May 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Appendix of the Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 7, 2021). (a) 
 10.5 Key Executive Performance Plan of JPMorgan Chase Co., as amended and restated effective January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Appendix G of the Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 10, 2013). (a) 

39 

Part IV 

10.6 Excess Retirement Plan of JPMorgan Chase Co., restated and amended as of December 31, 2008, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2009). (a) 
 10.7 Executive Retirement Plan of JPMorgan Chase Co., as amended and restated December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a) 
 10.8 Bank One Corporation Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan, as amended and restated effective December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008). (a) 
 10.9 Forms of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for performance share units and restricted stock units for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2016). (a) 
 10.10 Forms of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for performance share units and restricted stock units for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2017). (a) 
 10.11 Forms of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2018). (a) 
 10.12 Form of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions of Performance Share Unit Award Operating Committee (U.K.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed March 15, 2019). (a) 

10.13 Forms of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units and performance share unit awards for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2019) . (a) 
 10.14 Forms of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units and performance share unit awards for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 19, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2020). (a) 
 10.15 Form of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights for Chairman/Chief Executive Officer, dated July 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 20, 2021). (a) 
 10.16 Form of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights for President and Chief Operating Officer, dated December 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed December 15, 2021). (a) 
 10.17 Forms of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units and performance share unit awards for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5808) for the year ended December 31, 2021) . (a) 
 10.18 Forms of JPMorgan Chase Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units and performance share unit awards for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 1 7 , 202 3 . (a) (b) 
 10.19 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of JPMorgan Chase Co., as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the quarter ended September 30, 2019). 

40 

10.20 Form of JPMorgan Chase Co. Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2021, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 t o the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase Co. (File No. 1-5808) for the year ended December 31, 2021) . (a) 
 21 List of subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Co. (b 
 22.1 Annual Report on Form 11-K of The JPMorgan Chase 401(k) Savings Plan for the year ended December 31, 2019 (to be filed pursuant to Rule 15d-21 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 22.2 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. (b) 
 23 Consent of independent registered public accounting firm. (b) 
 31.1 Certification. (b) 
 31.2 Certification. (b) 
 32 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (c) 
 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (d) 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 Document. (b) 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (b) 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. (b) 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. (b) 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (b) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 
 (a) This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (b) Filed herewith. 
 (c) Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(d) Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, includes the following financial information included in the Firm s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) interactive data files: (i) the Consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (ii) the Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) the Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) the Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) the Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

41 

page 42 not used 
 
 42 

Table of contents 

Financial: 44 Three-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Highlights 
 Audited financial statements: 45 Five-Year Stock Performance 
 155 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s discussion and analysis: 156 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 46 Introduction 
 159 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 Executive Overview 
 164 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 55 Consolidated Balance Sheets and Cash Flows Analysis 
 58 Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Supplementary information: 61 Business Segment Results 
 292 Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders equity; interest rates and interest differentials 
 81 Firmwide Risk Management 
 297 Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
 85 Strategic Risk Management 
 86 Capital Risk Management 
 97 Liquidity Risk Management 
 106 Credit and Investment Risk Management 
 131 Market Risk Management 
 139 Country Risk Management 
 141 Climate Risk Management 
 142 Operational Risk Management 
 149 Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm 
 153 Accounting and Reporting Developments 
 154 Forward-Looking Statements 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 43 

Financial 

 THREE-YEAR SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (unaudited) 
 As of or for the year ended December 31, 
 (in millions, except per share, ratio, headcount data and where otherwise noted) 
 2022 2021 2020 Selected income statement data Total net revenue 128,695 121,649 119,951 Total noninterest expense 76,140 71,343 66,656 Pre-provision profit (a) 
 52,555 50,306 53,295 Provision for credit losses 6,389 (9,256) 17,480 Income before income tax expense 46,166 59,562 35,815 Income tax expense 8,490 11,228 6,684 Net income 37,676 48,334 29,131 Earnings per share data Net income: Basic 12.10 15.39 8.89 Diluted 12.09 15.36 8.88 Average shares: Basic 2,965.8 3,021.5 3,082.4 Diluted 2,970.0 3,026.6 3,087.4 Market and per common share data Market capitalization 393,484 466,206 387,492 Common shares at period-end 2,934.2 2,944.1 3,049.4 Book value per share 90.29 88.07 81.75 Tangible book value per share TBVPS (a) 
 73.12 71.53 66.11 Cash dividends declared per share 4.00 3.80 3.60 Selected ratios and metrics Return on common equity ROE (b) 
 14 19 12 Return on tangible common equity ROTCE (a)(b) 
 18 23 14 Return on assets ROA (a) 
 0.98 1.30 0.91 Overhead ratio 59 59 56 Loans-to-deposits ratio 49 44 47 Firm Liquidity coverage ratio LCR (average) (c) 
 112 111 110 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. LCR (average) (c) 
 151 178 160 Common equity Tier 1 CET1 capital ratio (d) 
 13.2 13.1 13.1 Tier 1 capital ratio (d) 
 14.9 15.0 15.0 Total capital ratio (d) 
 16.8 16.8 17.3 Tier 1 leverage ratio (c)(d) 
 6.6 6.5 7.0 Supplementary leverage ratio SLR (c)(d) 
 5.6 5.4 6.9 Selected balance sheet data (period-end) 
 Trading assets 453,799 433,575 503,126 Investment securities, net of allowance for credit losses 631,162 672,232 589,999 Loans 1,135,647 1,077,714 1,012,853 Total assets 3,665,743 3,743,567 3,384,757 Deposits 2,340,179 2,462,303 2,144,257 Long-term debt 295,865 301,005 281,685 Common stockholders equity 264,928 259,289 249,291 Total stockholders equity 292,332 294,127 279,354 Headcount 293,723 271,025 255,351 Credit quality metrics Allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments 22,204 18,689 30,815 Allowance for loan losses to total retained loans 1.81 1.62 2.95 Nonperforming assets 7,247 8,346 10,906 Net charge-offs 2,853 2,865 5,259 Net charge-off rate 0.27 0.30 0.55 
 (a) Pre-provision profit, TBVPS and ROTCE are each non-GAAP financial measures. Tangible common equity TCE is also a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 58-60 for a discussion of these measures. 
 (b) Quarterly ratios are based upon annualized amounts. 
 (c) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the percentage represents average ratios for the three months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (d) As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the capital metrics reflect the relief provided by the Federal Reserve Board in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Current Expected Credit Losses ("CECL") capital transition provisions. As of December 31, 2020, the SLR reflected the temporary exclusions of U.S. Treasury securities and deposits at Federal Reserve Banks, which became effective April 1, 2020 and remained in effect through March 31, 2021. Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96 for additional information. 
 
 44 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

FIVE-YEAR STOCK PERFORMANCE 
 The following table and graph compare the five-year cumulative total return for JPMorgan Chase Co. JPMorgan Chase or the Firm common stock with the cumulative return of the S P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and the S P Financials Index. The S P 500 Index is a commonly referenced equity benchmark in the United States of America U.S. ), consisting of leading companies from different economic sectors. The KBW Bank Index seeks to reflect the performance of banks and thrifts that are publicly traded in the U.S. and is composed of leading national money center and regional banks and thrifts. The S P Financials Index is an index of financial companies, all of which are components of the S P 500. The Firm is a component of all three industry indices. 
 The following table and graph assume simultaneous investments of 100 on December 31, 2017, in JPMorgan Chase common stock and in each of the above indices. The comparison assumes that all dividends were reinvested. 
 December 31, (in dollars) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 JPMorgan Chase 100.00 93.35 137.48 129.89 165.91 145.01 KBW Bank Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.47 138.99 109.25 S P Financials Index 100.00 86.96 114.87 112.85 152.20 136.17 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.82 191.49 156.81 
 
 December 31, 
 (in dollars) 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 45 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 The following is Management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations MD A of JPMorgan Chase for the year ended December 31, 2022. The MD A is included in both JPMorgan Chase s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 Annual Report and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 Form 10-K or Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Refer to the Glossary of terms and acronyms on pages 297-303 for definitions of terms and acronyms used throughout the Annual Report and the 2022 Form 10-K. 
 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase s management, speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Refer to Forward-looking Statements on page 154 and Part 1, Item 1A: Risk factors in this Form 10-K on pages 9-32 for a discussion of certain of those risks and uncertainties and the factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase s actual results to differ materially because of those risks and uncertainties. There is no assurance that actual results will be in line with any outlook information set forth herein, and the Firm does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. 

INTRODUCTION 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. (NYSE: JPM), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America U.S. ), with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase had 3.7 trillion in assets and 292.3 billion in stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers, predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. 
 JPMorgan Chase s principal bank subsidiary is JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ), a national banking association with U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington, D.C. JPMorgan Chase s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC J.P. Morgan Securities ), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm s principal operating subsidiaries outside the U.S . are J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan SE JPMSE ), which are subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and are based in the United Kingdom U.K. and Germany, respectively. 

For management reporting purposes, the Firm s activities are organized into four major reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate segment. The Firm s consumer business is the Consumer Community Banking CCB segment. The Firm s wholesale business segments are the Corporate Investment Bank CIB ), Commercial Banking CB ), and Asset Wealth Management AWM ). Refer to Business Segment Results on pages 61-80, and Note 32 for a description of the Firm s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases. 
 The Firm s website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorgan Chase makes available on its website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at www.sec.gov. JPMorgan Chase makes new and important information about the Firm available on its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com, including on the Investor Relations section of its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/ir. Information on the Firm's website is not incorporated by reference into this 2022 Form 10-K or the Firm s other filings with the SEC. 

46 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 This executive overview of the MD A highlights selected information and does not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this 2022 Form 10-K. For a complete description of the trends and uncertainties, as well as the risks and critical accounting estimates affecting the Firm, this 2022 Form 10-K should be read in its entirety. 
 Financial performance of JPMorgan Chase Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data and ratios) 2022 2021 Change Selected income statement data Noninterest revenue 61,985 69,338 (11) Net interest income 66,710 52,311 28 Total net revenue 128,695 121,649 6 Total noninterest expense 76,140 71,343 7 Pre-provision profit 52,555 50,306 4 Provision for credit losses 6,389 (9,256) NM Net income 37,676 48,334 (22) Diluted earnings per share 12.09 15.36 (21) Selected ratios and metrics Return on common equity 14 19 Return on tangible common equity 
 18 23 Book value per share 90.29 88.07 3 Tangible book value per share 73.12 71.53 2 Capital ratios (a) 
 CET1 capital 13.2 13.1 Tier 1 capital 14.9 15.0 Total capital 16.8 16.8 Memo: NII excluding Markets (b) 
 62,355 44,498 40 NIR excluding Markets (b) 
 40,938 53,412 (23) Markets (b) 
 28,984 27,394 6 Total net revenue - managed basis 132,277 125,304 6 
 (a) The ratios reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96 for additional information. 
 (b) NII and NIR refer to net interest income and noninterest revenue, respectively. Markets consists of CIB's Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets businesses. 
 
 Comparisons noted in the sections below are for the full year of 2022 versus the full year of 2021, unless otherwise specified. 
 Firmwide overview 
 JPMorgan Chase reported net income of 37.7 billion for 2022, down 22 , earnings per share of 12.09, ROE of 14 and ROTCE of 18 . 
 Total net revenue was 128.7 billion, up 6 , reflecting: 
 Net interest income of 66.7 billion, up 28 , driven by higher rates and loan growth, partially offset by lower Markets net interest income. Net interest income excluding Markets was 62.4 billion, up 40 . 

Noninterest revenue of 62.0 billion, down 11 , driven by lower Investment Banking fees, 2.4 billion of net investment securities losses in Treasury and CIO, lower net production revenue in Home Lending and lower auto operating lease income, largely offset by higher CIB Markets revenue and a 914 million gain on the sale of Visa Class B common shares Visa B shares in Corporate. 
 Noninterest expense was 76.1 billion, up 7 , driven by higher structural expense and continued investments in the business, including compensation, technology and marketing, partially offset by lower volume- and revenue-related expense. 
 The provision for credit losses was 6.4 billion, reflecting: 
 a net addition of 3.5 billion to the allowance for credit losses, consisting of 2.3 billion in wholesale and 1.2 billion in consumer, driven by loan growth and deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance related to a decrease in uncertainty associated with borrower behavior as the effects of the pandemic gradually recede, and 
 2.9 billion of net charge-offs. 
 The prior year provision was a net benefit of 9.3 billion, reflecting a net reduction to the allowance for credit losses of 12.1 billion. 
 The total allowance for credit losses was 22.2 billion at December 31, 2022. The Firm had an allowance for loan losses to retained loans coverage ratio of 1.81 , compared with 1.62 in the prior year. 
 The Firm s nonperforming assets totaled 7.2 billion at December 31, 2022, a net decrease of 1.1 billion, predominantly driven by lower consumer nonaccrual loans, reflecting improved credit performance and loan sales. 
 Firmwide average loans of 1.1 trillion were up 6 , driven by higher loans across the LOBs. 
 Firmwide average deposits of 2.5 trillion were up 5 , reflecting: 
 growth in CCB from existing and new accounts, and net inflows in AWM resulting from the residual effects of certain government actions, partially offset by the impact of growth in customer spending in CCB and migration into investments in AWM, and 
 reductions in CIB and CB due to attrition driven by the rising interest rate environment. 
 Selected capital and other metrics 
 CET1 capital was 219 billion, and the Standardized and Advanced CET1 ratios were 13.2 and 13.6 , respectively. 
 SLR was 5.6 . 
 TBVPS grew by 2 , ending 2022 at 73.12. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 47 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Firm had average eligible High Quality Liquid Assets HQLA of approximately 733 billion and unencumbered marketable securities with a fair value of approximately 694 billion, resulting in approximately 1.4 trillion of liquidity sources. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104 for additional information. 
 Refer to Consolidated Result of Operations and Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on pages 51-54 and pages 55-56, respectively, for a further discussion of the Firm's results. 
 Pre-provision profit, ROTCE, TCE, TBVPS, NII and NIR excluding Markets, and total net revenue on a managed basis are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 58-60 for a further discussion of each of these measures. 
 Business segment highlights 
 Selected business metrics for each of the Firm s four LOBs are presented below for the full year of 2022. 
 CCB ROE 29 Average deposits up 10 ; client investment assets down 10 
 Average loans up 1 ; Card Services net charge-off rate of 1.47 
 Debit and credit card sales volume (a) up 14 
 Active mobile customers (b) up 9 
 CIB 
 ROE 
 14 
 #1 ranking for Global Investment Banking fees with 8.0 wallet share for the year 
 Total Markets revenue of 29.0 billion, up 6 , with Fixed Income Markets up 10 and Equity Markets down 2 
 CB ROE 16 Gross Investment Banking revenue of 3.0 billion, down 42 
 Average deposits down 2 ; average loans up 9 
 AWM ROE 25 Assets under management AUM of 2.8 trillion, down 11 
 Average deposits up 14 ; average loans up 9 
 
 (a) Excludes Commercial Card. 
 (b) Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days. 
 Refer to the Business Segment Results on pages 61-62 for a detailed discussion of results by business segment. 

Credit provided and capital raised 
 JPMorgan Chase continues to support consumers, businesses and communities around the globe. The Firm provided new and renewed credit and raised capital for wholesale and consumer clients during 2022, consisting of: 
 2.4 trillion Total credit provided and capital raised (including loans and commitments) (a) 
 250 billion Credit for consumers 
 33 billion Credit for U.S. small businesses 
 1.1 trillion Credit for corporations 
 1.0 trillion Capital raised for corporate clients and non-U.S. government entities 
 65 billion Credit and capital raised for nonprofit and U.S. government entities (a) 
 
 (a) Includes states, municipalities, hospitals and universities. 

48 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Recent events 
 On January 20, 2023, JPMorgan Chase announced that J.P. Morgan Asset Management had received regulatory approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission to complete its acquisition of China International Fund Management Co., Ltd. 
 On January 17, 2023, JPMorgan Chase announced that Alicia Boler Davis had been elected as a director of the Firm, effective March 20, 2023. Ms. Davis serves as Chief Executive Officer of Alto Pharmacy. 

Outlook 
 These current expectations are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase s management, speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements on page 154, and the Risk Factors section on pages 9-32 of this Form 10-K for a further discussion of certain of those risks and uncertainties and the other factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase s actual results to differ materially because of those risks and uncertainties. There is no assurance that actual results in 2023 will be in line with the outlook information set forth below, and the Firm does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. 
 JPMorgan Chase s current outlook for full-year 2023 should be viewed against the backdrop of the global and U.S. economies, financial markets activity, the geopolitical environment, the competitive environment, client and customer activity levels, and regulatory and legislative developments in the U.S. and other countries where the Firm does business. Each of these factors will affect the performance of the Firm. The Firm will continue to make appropriate adjustments to its businesses and operations in response to ongoing developments in the business, economic, regulatory and legal environments in which it operates. 
 Full-year 2023 
 Management expects net interest income to be approximately 73 billion, market dependent. 
 Management expects net interest income excluding Markets to be approximately 74 billion, market dependent. 
 Management expects adjusted expense to be approximately 81 billion, market dependent. 
 Management expects the net charge-off rate in Card Services to be approximately 2.6 . 
 Net interest income excluding Markets and adjusted expense are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 58-60. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 49 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Business Developments 
 War in Ukraine 
 The duration and potential outcomes of the war in Ukraine remain uncertain. The Firm has taken and continues to take steps to close positions and reduce certain of its business activities and exposures connected with the war, and to assist clients with fulfilling any pre-existing obligations and managing their Russia-related risks. 
 The Firm s exposure to Russia and Russia-associated clients and counterparties is not material to its financial condition or results of operations. However, the Firm continues to monitor potential secondary impacts of the war, including increased market volatility, inflationary pressures and the effects of financial and economic sanctions imposed by various governments, that could have adverse effects on the Firm s businesses. 
 The Firm also continues to monitor and manage the operational risks associated with the war, including compliance with the financial and economic sanctions and the increased risk of cyber attacks. 
 Refer to Wholesale Credit Portfolio on pages 116-126, Allowance for Credit Losses on pages 127-129, Market Risk Management on pages 131-138, Country Risk Management on pages 139-140 and Operational Risk Management on pages 142-144 for additional information. 
 For purposes of this Form 10-K, Russia refers to exposure to clients and counterparties of the Firm for which the largest proportion of their assets is located, or the largest proportion of their revenue is derived, in Russia, based on the Firm s internal country risk management framework; and Russia-associated refers to exposure to clients and counterparties of the Firm with respect to which economic or financial sanctions relating to the war in Ukraine have been imposed or which have close association with Russia. 

Interbank Offered Rate IBOR transition 
 The Firm and other market participants are preparing for the final stages of the transition from the use of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other IBORs in accordance with the International Organization of Securities Commission s standards for transaction-based benchmark rates. The cessation of the publication of the remaining principal tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (i.e., overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month LIBOR) LIBOR Cessation is scheduled for June 30, 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Firm had significantly reduced the notional amount of its exposure to contracts that reference U.S. dollar LIBOR, including in derivatives, bilateral and syndicated loans, securities, and debt and preferred stock issuances, and is on-track to meet both its internal milestones for contract remediation as well as the industry milestones and recommendations published by National Working Groups, including the Alternative Reference Rates Committee in the U.S. The Firm also continues to engage with clients to assist them with transitioning their U.S. dollar LIBOR-linked contracts to replacement rates in anticipation of LIBOR Cessation. The majority of the Firm s remaining LIBOR exposure is to derivative contracts. The Firm will be participating in initiatives by the principal central counterparties CCPs to convert cleared derivatives contracts linked to U.S. dollar LIBOR in the second quarter of 2023 which will remediate approximately 40 of the Firm s remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR derivatives exposure. The Firm expects that the majority of the remaining derivatives exposure will be remediated predominantly through contractual fallback provisions. 
 On March 15, 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act LIBOR Act was signed into law in the U.S. The LIBOR Act provides a framework for replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR as the reference rate in legacy financial contracts that may not otherwise transition to a replacement rate upon LIBOR Cessation. In addition, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority is proposing that the administrator of LIBOR be required to continue to publish the one-month, three-month and six-month tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR on a synthetic basis which would allow market participants to use such rates through September 30, 2024. This proposal would apply to contracts that are outside the scope of the LIBOR Act, including U.S. dollar LIBOR-linked contracts that are not governed by U.S. law. Both the LIBOR Act and the proposed publication of synthetic LIBOR are intended to facilitate, and reduce the risks associated with, the transition from LIBOR, including the potential for disputes or litigation. 
 The Firm continues to make necessary changes to its risk management systems in connection with the transition from LIBOR, including modifications to its operational systems and models. In addition, the Firm continues to monitor and evaluate client, industry, market, regulatory and legislative developments relating to the transition from LIBOR. Refer to Part 1, Item 1A: Risk Factors on pages 9-32 of the 2022 Form 10-K and to Accounting and Reporting Developments on page 153 for additional information. 

50 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This section provides a comparative discussion of JPMorgan Chase s Consolidated Results of Operations on a reported basis for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, unless otherwise specified. Refer to Consolidated Results of Operations on pages 52-54 of the Firm s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the 2021 Form 10-K for a discussion of the 2021 versus 2020 results. Factors that relate primarily to a single business segment are discussed in more detail within that business segment s results. Refer to pages 149-152 for a discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm that affect the Consolidated Results of Operations. 
 Revenue Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Investment banking fees 6,686 13,216 9,486 Principal transactions 19,912 16,304 18,021 Lending- and deposit-related fees 7,098 7,032 6,511 Asset management, administration and commissions 20,677 21,029 18,177 Investment securities gains/(losses) 
 (2,380) (345) 802 Mortgage fees and related income 
 1,250 2,170 3,091 Card income 4,420 5,102 4,435 Other income (a) 
 4,322 4,830 4,865 Noninterest revenue 61,985 69,338 65,388 Net interest income 66,710 52,311 54,563 Total net revenue 128,695 121,649 119,951 
 (a) Included operating lease income of 3.7 billion, 4.9 billion and 5.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Also includes losses on tax-oriented investments. Refer to Note 6 for additional information. 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Investment banking fees decreased in CIB, as volatile market conditions resulted in: 
 lower equity and debt underwriting fees due to lower issuance activity, and 
 lower advisory fees driven by a lower level of announced deals. 
 Refer to CIB segment results on pages 67-72 and Note 6 for additional information. 
 Principal transactions revenue increased, reflecting: 
 higher net revenue in Fixed Income Markets, driven by a strong performance in the macro businesses amid volatile market conditions, particularly Currencies Emerging Markets and Rates, partially offset by lower revenue in Securitized Products and Credit, and 
 higher revenue associated with Equity Derivatives and Prime Finance in Equity Markets, 

largely offset by 
 a loss of 836 million in Credit Adjustments Other in CIB, compared with a gain of 250 million in the prior year. The loss in the current year reflected funding spread widening and, to a lesser extent, losses on exposures relating to commodities and Russia and Russia-associated counterparties, 
 net markdowns recorded in the second quarter of 2022 on held-for-sale positions, primarily unfunded commitments, in the bridge financing portfolio in CIB and CB, 
 higher net losses on certain legacy private equity investments in Corporate, and 
 net losses in Treasury and CIO related to cash deployment transactions, which were more than offset by the related net interest income earned on those transactions. 
 Principal transactions revenue in CIB may in certain cases have offsets across other revenue lines, including net interest income. The Firm assesses the performance of its CIB Markets business on a total revenue basis. 
 Refer to CIB, CB and Corporate segment results on pages 67-72, pages 73-75 and pages 79-80, resp ectively, and Note 6 for additional information. 
 Lending- and deposit-related fees increased due to higher service fee volume in CCB, predominantly offset by lower cash management fees in CB and CIB due to a higher level of credits earned by clients and applied against such fees. Refer to CCB, CIB and CB segment results on pages 63-66, pages 67-72 and pages 73-75, respectively, and Note 6 for additional information. 
 Asset management, administration and commissions revenue decreased driven by: 
 lower asset management fees in AWM resulting from lower average market levels, predominantly offset by the removal of most money market fund fee waivers, and net long-term inflows, 
 lower custody fees in Securities Services, primarily associated with lower average market values of assets under custody, and 
 lower brokerage commissions, largely in AWM, reflecting reduced volumes, 
 partially offset by 
 higher commissions on travel-related services and annuity sales in CCB. 
 Refer to CCB, CIB and AWM segment results on pages 63-66, pages 67-72 and pages 76-78, respectively, and Note 6 for additional information. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 51 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Investment securities gains/(losses) reflected higher net losses on sales of U.S. GSE and government agency MBS and U.S. Treasuries, associated with repositioning the investment securities portfolio in Treasury and CIO. Refer to Corporate segment results on pages 79-80 and Note 10 for additional information. 
 Mortgage fees and related income decreased driven by Home Lending, reflecting: 
 lower production revenue due to lower margins and volume, 
 largely offset by 
 higher net mortgage servicing revenue, reflecting 
 the absence of a net loss in MSR risk management in the prior year primarily driven by updates to model inputs related to prepayment expectations, and 
 higher operating revenue due to a higher level of third-party loans serviced . 
 Refer to CCB segment results on pages 63-66, Note 6 and 15 for further information. 
 Card income decreased driven by higher amortization related to new account origination costs, partially offset by higher annual fees in CCB, and higher payments revenue on volume growth in commercial cards in CIB and CB. 
 Refer to CCB, CIB and CB seg ment results on pages 63-66, pages 67-72 and pages 73-75, respectively, and Note 6 for further information. 
 Other income decreased reflecting: 
 lower auto operating lease income in CCB as a result of a decline in volume, and 
 net losses on certain investments in CIB and AWM, compared with net gains in the prior year, 
 partially offset by 
 an increase in Other Corporate from: 
 a gain of 914M on the sale of Visa B shares, 
 higher net gains related to certain other investments, and 
 proceeds from an insurance settlement in the first quarter of 2022, 
 a gain on an equity-method investment received in partial satisfaction of a loan in CB, 
 the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates related to net investment hedges in Treasury and CIO, primarily as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, and 
 the absence of weather-related write-downs recorded in the prior year on certain renewable energy investments in CIB. 
 Refer to Note 2 for additional information on Visa B shares. 

Net interest income increased driven by higher rates and loan growth, partially offset by lower Markets NII. 
 The Firm s average interest-earning assets were 3.3 trillion, up 133 billion, and the yield was 2.78 , up 97 basis points bps ). The net yield on these assets, on an FTE basis, was 2.00 , an increase of 36 bps. The net yield excluding Markets was 2.60 , up 69 bps. 
 Refer to the Consolidated average balance sheets, interest and rates schedule on pages 292-296 for further information. Net yield excluding Markets is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 58-60 for a further discussion of Net yield excluding Markets. 

52 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Provision for credit losses Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Consumer, excluding credit card 
 506 (1,933) 1,016 Credit card 3,353 (4,838) 10,886 Total consumer 3,859 (6,771) 11,902 Wholesale 2,476 (2,449) 5,510 Investment securities 54 (36) 68 Total provision for credit losses 
 6,389 (9,256) 17,480 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 The provision for credit losses was 6.4 billion, reflecting a net addition of 3.5 billion to the allowance for credit losses and 2.9 billion of net charge-offs. The net addition to the allowance for credit losses consisted of: 
 2.3 billion in wholesale , driven by deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, and loan growth predominantly in CB and CIB, and 
 1.2 billion in consumer , predominantly driven by Card Services, reflecting higher outstanding balances and deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance related to a decrease in uncertainty associated with borrower behavior as the effects of the pandemic gradually recede. 
 The prior year included a 12.1 billion net reduction in the allowance for credit losses. 
 Deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook included both updates to the central scenario in the fourth quarter of 2022, which now reflects a mild recession, as well as the impact of the increased weight placed on the adverse scenarios beginning in the first quarter of 2022 due to the effects associated with higher inflation, changes in monetary policy, and geopolitical risks, including the war in Ukraine. 

Net charge-offs were 2.9 billion, flat compared with 2021, and included: 
 a 309 million decrease in Card Services, reflecting the ongoing financial strength of U.S. consumers. However, median deposit balances declined in the second half of 2022, impacted by the growth in consumer spending, 
 offset by 
 a 190 million increase in net charge-offs in Auto and Banking Wealth Management BWM as net charge-offs in the prior year benefited from government stimulus and payment assistance programs, and an increase of 76 million in CIB. 
 Refer to the segment discussions of CCB on pages 63-66, CIB on pages 67-72, CB on pages 73-75, AWM on pages 76-78, the Allowance for Credit Losses on pages 127-129, and Notes 1, 10 and 13 for further discussion of the credit portfolio and the allowance for credit losses. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 53 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Noninterest expense Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Compensation expense 41,636 38,567 34,988 Noncompensation expense: 
 Occupancy 4,696 4,516 4,449 Technology, communications and equipment (a) 
 9,358 9,941 10,338 Professional and outside services 
 10,174 9,814 8,464 Marketing 3,911 3,036 2,476 Other (b) 
 6,365 5,469 5,941 Total noncompensation expense 
 34,504 32,776 31,668 Total noninterest expense 
 76,140 71,343 66,656 
 (a) Includes depreciation expense associated with auto operating lease assets. 
 (b) Included Firmwide legal expense of 266 million, 426 million and 1.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Compensation expense increased driven by additional headcount, primarily in technology and operations, as well as front office, and the impact of inflation, partially offset by lower revenue-related compensation in CIB. 
 Noncompensation expense increased as a result of: 
 higher investments in the business, including marketing and technology, and 
 higher structural expense, including travel and entertainment; regulatory assessments; occupancy expense associated with higher utilities and exit costs of certain leases; and other employee-related expense, 
 partially offset by 
 lower volume-related expense, reflecting lower depreciation expense on lower Auto lease assets; and lower distribution fees in AWM, partially offset by higher operating losses and outside services, both in CCB; and 
 lower legal expense. 
 The prior year included a 550 million contribution to the Firm's Foundation. 

Income tax expense Year ended December 31, (in millions, except rate) 2022 2021 2020 Income before income tax expense 
 46,166 59,562 35,815 Income tax expense 8,490 11,228 6,684 Effective tax rate 18.4 18.9 18.7 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 The effective tax rate decreased driven by income tax benefits compared with income tax expense in the prior year related to tax audit settlements, largely offset by other tax adjustments and a change in the level and mix of income and expenses subject to U.S. federal and state and local taxes. Refer to Note 25 for further information. 

54 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AND CASH FLOWS ANALYSIS 
 Consolidated balance sheets analysis 
 The following is a discussion of the significant changes between December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Selected Consolidated balance sheets data December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Change Assets Cash and due from banks 27,697 26,438 5 Deposits with banks 539,537 714,396 (24) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 
 315,592 261,698 21 Securities borrowed 185,369 206,071 (10) Trading assets 453,799 433,575 5 Available-for-sale securities 205,857 308,525 (33) Held-to-maturity securities 425,305 363,707 17 Investment securities, net of allowance for credit losses 631,162 672,232 (6) Loans 1,135,647 1,077,714 5 Allowance for loan losses (19,726) (16,386) 20 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 1,115,921 1,061,328 5 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 
 125,189 102,570 22 Premises and equipment 27,734 27,070 2 Goodwill, MSRs and other intangible assets 60,859 56,691 7 Other assets 182,884 181,498 1 Total assets 3,665,743 3,743,567 (2) 
 Cash and due from banks and deposits with banks decreased primarily as a result of lower deposits across the LOBs and loan growth. Deposits with banks reflect the Firm s placement of its excess cash with various central banks, including the Federal Reserve Banks. 
 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements increased, reflecting: 
 the impact of a lower level of netting on client-driven market-making activities and on collateral requirements in Markets, 
 higher demand for securities to cover short positions in Fixed Income Markets, and 
 an increase in the deployment of cash in Treasury and CIO. 
 Securities borrowed decreased driven by Markets, reflecting lower client-driven activities and lower demand for securities to cover short positions in Equity Markets. 
 Refer to Note 11 for additional information on securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed. 
 Trading assets increased due to: 
 higher derivative receivables, primarily in foreign exchange, as a result of market movements, and 
 an increase in the deployment of cash in Treasury and CIO. 
 Refer to Notes 2 and 5 for additional information. 
 Investment securities decreased, driven by lower available-for-sale AFS securities, partially offset by higher held-to-maturity HTM securities, which includes the impact of the transfer of 78.3 billion of securities from AFS to HTM in 2022, for capital management purposes . 
 The decrease in AFS securities was also due to paydowns, as well as unrealized losses, which are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), 

largely offset by net purchases, and 
 the increase in HTM securities also reflected purchases partially offset by paydowns. 
 Refer to Corporate segment results on pages 79-80, Investment Portfolio Risk Management on page 130 and Notes 2 and 10 for additional information on investment securities. 
 Loans increased, reflecting: 
 higher balances in Card Services driven by higher consumer spending and net new originations, 
 higher originations and revolver utilization in CB, and 
 higher wholesale loans in CIB, 
 partially offset by 
 lower mortgage warehouse loans in Home Lending as sales outpaced originations due to higher interest rates, and 
 the impact from PPP loan forgiveness in BWM. 
 The allowance for loan losses increased, reflecting a net addition of 3.3 billion to the allowance for loan losses, consisting of: 
 2.1 billion in wholesale , resulting from deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, and loan growth predominantly in CB and CIB, and 
 1.2 billion in consumer, predominantly driven by Card Services, reflecting higher outstanding balances, and deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance related to a decrease in uncertainty associated with borrower behavior as the effects of the pandemic gradually recede. 
 There was also a 121 million addition to the allowance for lending-related commitments recognized in other liabilities 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 55 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 on the Consolidated balance sheets, and a 54 million addition to the allowance for investment securities. 
 Refer to Credit and Investment Risk Management on pages 106-130, and Notes 1, 2, 3, 12 and 13 for further discussion of loans and the allowance for loan losses. 
 Accrued interest and accounts receivable increased due to higher client receivables related to client-driven activities in Markets, as well as higher receivables in Payments related to the timing of payment activities, with December 31, 2022 falling on a weekend. 
 Premises and equipment , refer to Note 16 and 18 for additional information. 

Goodwill, MSRs and other intangibles increased reflecting: 
 higher MSRs as a result of higher market interest rates and net additions, partially offset by the realization of expected cash flows, and 
 additions to goodwill associated with the acquisitions of Renovite Technologies, Inc. in the fourth quarter of 2022, Global Shares PLC and Figg, Inc. in the third quarter of 2022, and Frosch Travel Group, LLC and Volkswagen Payments S.A. in the second quarter of 2022. 
 Refer to Note 15 for additional information. 
 Other assets increased predominantly due to the impact of securities financing activities in Markets, offset by lower auto operating lease assets in CCB. 

Selected Consolidated balance sheets data December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Change Liabilities Deposits 2,340,179 2,462,303 (5) Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 202,613 194,340 4 Short-term borrowings 44,027 53,594 (18) Trading liabilities 177,976 164,693 8 Accounts payable and other liabilities 300,141 262,755 14 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities VIEs 
 12,610 10,750 17 Long-term debt 295,865 301,005 (2) Total liabilities 3,373,411 3,449,440 (2) Stockholders equity 292,332 294,127 (1) Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 3,665,743 3,743,567 (2) 
 Deposits decreased reflecting: 
 attrition in CB and CIB, particularly non-operating deposits in CB, partially offset by net issuances of structured notes in Markets, 
 net outflows into investments in AWM amid the rising interest rate environment, and 
 a decline in balances in existing accounts in CCB due to higher customer spending, predominantly offset by net inflows into new accounts. 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements increased due to: 
 higher secured financing of trading assets in Markets, 
 partially offset by 
 lower secured financing of AFS investment securities in Treasury and CIO. 
 Short-term borrowings decreased predominantly as a result of lower financing requirements in Markets . 
 Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104 for additional information on deposits, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, and short-term borrowings; and also to Notes 2 and 17 for deposits and Note 11 for federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements. 
 Trading liabilities increased due to client-driven market-making activities, which resulted in higher levels of short positions in Markets. Refer to Notes 2 and 5 for additional informa tion. 

Accounts payable and other liabilities increased due to higher client payables related to client-driven activities in Markets, including Prime Finance, as well as higher payables in Payments related to the timing of payment activities, with December 31, 2022 falling on a weekend. Refer to Note 19 for additional information. 
 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs increased driven by higher issuance of commercial paper as a result of an increase in loan balances in the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104; and Notes 14 and 28 for additional information on Firm-sponsored VIEs and loan securitization trusts. 
 Long-term debt decreased driven by: 
 fair value hedge accounting adjustments in Treasury and CIO as a result of higher rates, and a decline in the fair value of structured notes in Markets, 
 largely offset by 
 net issuances of senior debt in Treasury and CIO and structured notes in Markets. Refer to Liquidity Risk Manag ement on pages 97-104 and Note 20 for additional information. 
 Stockholders equity reflects net unrealized losses in AOCI, predominantly driven by the impact of higher interest rates on the AFS portfolio and cash flow hedges in Treasury and CIO. Refer to Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity on page 162, Capital Actions on page 94, and Note 24 for additional information. 

56 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Consolidated cash flows analysis 
 The following is a discussion of cash flow activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Consolidated cash flows analysis on page 57 of the Firm s 2021 Form 10-K for a discussion of the 2020 activities. 
 (in millions) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by/(used in) 
 Operating activities 107,119 78,084 (79,910) Investing activities (137,819) (129,344) (261,912) Financing activities 
 (126,257) 275,993 596,645 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 (16,643) (11,508) 9,155 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks and deposits with banks 
 (173,600) 213,225 263,978 
 Operating activities 
 JPMorgan Chase s operating assets and liabilities primarily support the Firm s lending and capital markets activities. These assets and liabilities can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of cash flows, which are affected by client-driven and risk management activities and market conditions. The Firm believes that cash flows from operations, available cash and other liquidity sources, and its capacity to generate cash through secured and unsecured sources, are sufficient to meet its operating liquidity needs. 
 In 2022, cash provided resulted from higher accounts payable and other liabilities, lower securities borrowed, and net proceeds from sales, securitizations, and paydowns of loans held-for-sale, partially offset by higher trading assets. 
 In 2021, cash provided resulted from lower trading assets and higher accounts payable and other liabilities, partially offset by higher securities borrowed and lower trading liabilities. 

Investing activities 
 The Firm s investing activities predominantly include originating held-for-investment loans, investing in the investment securities portfolio and other short-term instruments. 
 In 2022, cash used resulted from net originations of loans and higher securities purchased under resale agreements, partially offset by net proceeds from investment securities. 
 In 2021, cash used resulted from net purchases of investment securities and higher net originations of loans, partially offset by lower securities purchased under resale agreements. 
 Financing activities 
 The Firm s financing activities include acquiring customer deposits and issuing long-term debt and preferred stock. 
 In 2022, cash used reflected lower deposits, partially offset by net proceeds from long- and short-term borrowings. 
 In 2021, cash provided reflected higher deposits and net proceeds from long- and short-term borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements. 
 For both periods, cash was used for repurchases of common stock and cash dividends on common and preferred stock. 
 
 Refer to Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on pages 55-56, Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96, and Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104, and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows on page 163 for a further discussion of the activities affecting the Firm s cash flows. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 57 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 EXPLANATION AND RECONCILIATION OF THE FIRM S USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures 
 The Firm prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP; these financial statements appear on pages 159-163. That presentation, which is referred to as reported basis, provides the reader with an understanding of the Firm s results that can be tracked consistently from year-to-year and enables a comparison of the Firm s performance with the U.S. GAAP financial statements of other companies. 
 In addition to analyzing the Firm s results on a reported basis, management reviews Firmwide results, including the overhead ratio, on a managed basis; these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the LOBs on a managed basis. The Firm s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm (and each of the reportable business segments) on an FTE basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. These financial measures allow 

management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by the LOBs. 
 Management also uses certain non-GAAP financial measures at the Firm and business-segment level because these other non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors about the underlying operational performance and trends of the Firm or of the particular business segment, as the case may be, and therefore facilitate a comparison of the Firm or the business segment with the performance of its relevant competitors. Refer to Business Segment Results on pages 61-80 for additional information on these non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP financial measures used by the Firm may not be comparable to similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. 

The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm s reported U.S. GAAP results to managed basis. 
 2022 2021 2020 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Reported Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a) 
 Managed basis Reported Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a) 
 Managed basis Reported Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a) 
 Managed basis Other income 4,322 3,148 7,470 4,830 3,225 8,055 4,865 2,560 7,425 Total noninterest revenue 61,985 3,148 65,133 69,338 3,225 72,563 65,388 2,560 67,948 Net interest income 66,710 434 67,144 52,311 430 52,741 54,563 418 54,981 Total net revenue 128,695 3,582 132,277 121,649 3,655 125,304 119,951 2,978 122,929 Total noninterest expense 76,140 NA 76,140 71,343 NA 71,343 66,656 NA 66,656 Pre-provision profit 52,555 3,582 56,137 50,306 3,655 53,961 53,295 2,978 56,273 Provision for credit losses 6,389 NA 6,389 (9,256) NA (9,256) 17,480 NA 17,480 Income before income tax expense 46,166 3,582 49,748 59,562 3,655 63,217 35,815 2,978 38,793 Income tax expense 8,490 3,582 12,072 11,228 3,655 14,883 6,684 2,978 9,662 Net income 37,676 NA 37,676 48,334 NA 48,334 29,131 NA 29,131 Overhead ratio 59 NM 58 59 NM 57 56 NM 54 
 (a) Predominantly recognized in CIB, CB and Corporate. 

58 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Net interest income, net yield, and noninterest revenue excluding CIB Markets 
 In addition to reviewing net interest income, net yield, and noninterest revenue on a managed basis, management also reviews these metrics excluding CIB Markets, as shown below. CIB Markets consists of Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. These metrics, which exclude CIB Markets, are non-GAAP financial measures. Management reviews these metrics to assess the performance of the Firm s lending, investing (including asset-liability management) and deposit-raising activities, apart from any volatility associated with CIB Markets activities. In addition, management also assesses CIB Markets business performance on a total revenue basis as offsets may occur across revenue lines. Management believes that these measures provide investors and analysts with alternative measures to analyze the revenue trends of the Firm. 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except rates) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income reported 66,710 52,311 54,563 Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments 434 430 418 Net interest income managed basis (a) 
 67,144 52,741 54,981 Less: Markets net interest income (b) 
 4,789 8,243 8,374 Net interest income excluding Markets (a) 
 62,355 44,498 46,607 Average interest-earning assets 3,349,079 3,215,942 2,779,710 Less: Average Markets interest-earning assets (b) 
 953,195 888,238 751,131 Average interest-earning assets excluding Markets 2,395,884 2,327,704 2,028,579 Net yield on average interest-earning assets managed basis 2.00 1.64 1.98 Net yield on average Markets interest-earning assets (b) 
 0.50 0.93 1.11 Net yield on average interest-earning assets excluding Markets 2.60 1.91 2.30 
 Noninterest revenue reported 61,985 69,338 65,388 Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments 3,148 3,225 2,560 Noninterest revenue managed basis 65,133 72,563 67,948 Less: Markets noninterest revenue (b) 
 24,195 19,151 21,109 Noninterest revenue excluding Markets 40,938 53,412 46,839 Memo: Total Markets net revenue (b) 
 28,984 27,394 29,483 
 (a) Interest includes the effect of related hedges. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. 
 (b) Refer to pages 70-71 for further information on CIB Markets. 

Calculation of certain U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures 
 Certain U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are calculated as follows: 
 Book value per share BVPS 
 Common stockholders equity at period-end / 
 Common shares at period-end 
 Overhead ratio 
 Total noninterest expense / Total net revenue 
 ROA 
 Reported net income / Total average assets 
 ROE 
 Net income / Average common stockholders equity 
 ROTCE 
 Net income / Average tangible common equity 
 TBVPS 
 Tangible common equity at period-end / Common shares at period-end 
 Represents net income applicable to common equity 
 
 In addition, the Firm reviews other non-GAAP measures such as 
 Adjusted expense, which represents noninterest expense excluding Firmwide legal expense, and 
 Pre-provision profit, which represents total net revenue less total noninterest expense. 
 Management believes that these measures help investors understand the effect of these items on reported results and provide an alternative presentation of the Firm s performance. 
 The Firm also reviews the allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained excluding trade finance and conduits, a non-GAAP financial measure, to provide a more meaningful assessment of CIB s allowance coverage ratio. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 59 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS 
 TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS are each non-GAAP financial measures. TCE represents the Firm s common stockholders equity (i.e., total stockholders equity less preferred stock) less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs), net of related deferred tax liabilities. ROTCE measures the Firm s net income applicable to common equity as a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm s use of equity. 
 The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm s common stockholders equity to TCE. 
 Period-end Average Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share and ratio data) 2022 2021 2020 Common stockholders equity 
 264,928 259,289 253,068 250,968 236,865 Less: Goodwill 51,662 50,315 50,952 49,584 47,820 Less: Other intangible assets 
 1,224 882 1,112 876 781 Add: Certain deferred tax liabilities (a) 
 2,510 2,499 2,505 2,474 2,399 Tangible common equity 214,552 210,591 203,509 202,982 190,663 Return on tangible common equity NA NA 18 23 14 Tangible book value per share 73.12 71.53 NA NA NA 
 (a) Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating TCE. 
 60 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS 
 The Firm is managed on an LOB basis. There are four major reportable business segments Consumer Community Banking, Corporate Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Wealth Management. In addition, there is a Corporate segment. 
 The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is evaluated by the Firm s Operating Committee. Segment results are presented on a managed basis. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm s use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, on pages 58-60 for a definition of managed basis. 
 JPMorgan Chase Consumer Businesses Wholesale Businesses Consumer Community Banking Corporate Investment Bank Commercial Banking Asset Wealth Management Banking 
 Wealth Management (a) 
 Home Lending Card Services Auto (b) 
 Banking Markets Securities Services Middle Market Banking 
 Asset Management 
 Consumer Banking 
 J.P. Morgan Wealth Management 
 Business Banking 
 
 Home Lending Production 
 Home Lending Servicing 
 Real Estate Portfolios 
 Card Services 
 Auto 

Investment Banking 
 Payments 
 Lending 
 Fixed 
 Income 
 Markets 
 Corporate Client Banking 
 Global Private Bank 
 
 Equity Markets 
 Securities Services 
 Credit Adjustments Other 
 Commercial Real Estate Banking 
 
 (a) In the fourth quarter of 2022, Consumer Business Banking was renamed Banking Wealth Management BWM ). 
 (b) In the fourth quarter of 2022, Card Auto was renamed Card Services Auto. 
 
 Description of business segment reporting methodology 
 Results of the business segments are intended to present each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives business segment results includes the allocation of certain income and expense items. The Firm also assesses the level of capital required for each LOB on at least an annual basis. The Firm periodically assesses the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, and further refinements may be implemented in future periods. The Firm s LOBs also provide various business metrics which are utilized by the Firm and its investors and analysts in assessing performance. 
 Revenue sharing 
 When business segments join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm s clients and customers, the participating business segments may agree to share revenue from those transactions. Revenue is generally recognized in the segment responsible for the related product or service, with allocations to the other segment(s) involved in the transaction. The segment results reflect these revenue-sharing agreements. 
 Expense Allocation 
 Where business segments use services provided by corporate support units, or another business segment, the costs of those services are allocated to the respective business segments. The expense is generally 

allocated based on the actual cost and use of services provided. In contrast, certain costs and investments related to corporate support units, technology and operations that are not currently utilized by any LOB, are not allocated to the business segments and are retained in Corporate. Expense retained in Corporate generally includes costs that would not be incurred if the segments were stand-alone businesses, and other items not aligned with a particular business segment. 
 Funds transfer pricing 
 Funds transfer pricing FTP is the process by which the Firm allocates interest income and expense to the LOBs and Other Corporate and transfers the primary interest rate risk and liquidity risk to Treasury and CIO. 
 The funds transfer pricing process considers the interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics of assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet products. Periodically, the methodology and assumptions utilized in the FTP process are adjusted to reflect economic conditions and other factors, which may impact the allocation of net interest income to the segments. 
 As a result of the rising interest rate environment, the cost of funds for assets and the credits earned for liabilities have generally increased, impacting the business segments net interest income. During the period ended December 31, 2022, this has resulted in higher cost of funds for loans and contributed to margin expansion on deposits. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 61 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Foreign exchange risk 
 Foreign exchange risk is transferred from the LOBs and Other Corporate to Treasury and CIO for certain revenues and expenses. Treasury and CIO manages these risks centrally and reports the impact of foreign exchange rate movements related to the transferred risk in its results. Refer to Market Risk Management on page 137 for additional information. 
 Debt expense and preferred stock dividend allocation 
 As part of the funds transfer pricing process, almost all of the cost of the credit spread component of outstanding unsecured long-term debt and preferred stock dividends is allocated to the reportable business segments, while the balance of the cost is retained in Corporate. The methodology to allocate the cost of unsecured long-term debt and preferred stock dividends to the business segments is aligned with the relevant regulatory capital requirements and funding needs of the LOBs, as applicable. The allocated cost of unsecured long-term debt is included in a business segment s net interest income, and net income is reduced by preferred stock dividends to arrive at a 

business segment s net income applicable to common equity. 
 Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96 for additional information. 
 Capital allocation 
 The amount of capital assigned to each business segment is referred to as equity. The Firm s allocation methodology incorporates Basel III Standardized Risk-weighted assets RWA ), Basel III Advanced RWA, the global systemically important banks GSIB surcharge, and a simulation of capital in a severe stress environment. At least annually, the assumptions, judgments and methodologies used to allocate capital are reassessed and, as a result, the capital allocated to the LOBs may change. As of January 1, 2023, the Firm has changed its line of business capital allocations primarily as a result of updates to the Firm s capital requirements and changes in RWA for each LOB. 
 Refer to Line of business equity on page 93 for additional information on capital allocation. 

Segment Results Managed Basis 
 The following tables summarize the Firm s results by segment for the periods indicated. 
 Year ended December 31, Consumer Community Banking Corporate Investment Bank Commercial Banking (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Total net revenue 55,017 50,073 51,268 47,899 51,749 49,284 11,533 10,008 9,313 Total noninterest expense 31,471 29,256 27,990 27,087 25,325 23,538 4,719 4,041 3,798 Pre-provision profit/(loss) 23,546 20,817 23,278 20,812 26,424 25,746 6,814 5,967 5,515 Provision for credit losses 3,813 (6,989) 12,312 1,158 (1,174) 2,726 1,268 (947) 2,113 Net income/(loss) 14,871 20,930 8,217 14,970 21,134 17,094 4,213 5,246 2,578 Return on equity ROE 29 41 15 14 25 20 16 21 11 
 Year ended December 31, Asset Wealth Management Corporate Total (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Total net revenue 17,748 16,957 14,240 80 (3,483) (1,176) 132,277 125,304 122,929 Total noninterest expense 11,829 10,919 9,957 1,034 1,802 1,373 76,140 71,343 66,656 Pre-provision profit/(loss) 5,919 6,038 4,283 (954) (5,285) (2,549) 56,137 53,961 56,273 Provision for credit losses 128 (227) 263 22 81 66 6,389 (9,256) 17,480 Net income/(loss) 4,365 4,737 2,992 (743) (3,713) (1,750) 37,676 48,334 29,131 Return on equity ROE 25 33 28 NM NM NM 14 19 12 
 Selected Firmwide Metrics 

The following tables present key metrics for Wealth Management, which consists of the Global Private Bank in AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management in CCB; and total revenue and key metrics for J.P. Morgan Payments, which consists of payments activities in CIB and CB. This presentation is intended to provide investors with additional information concerning Wealth Management and J.P. Morgan Payments, each of which consists of similar business activities conducted across LOBs to serve different types of clients and customers. 
 Selected metrics - Wealth Management 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Client assets (in billions) (a) 
 2,438 2,456 2,020 Number of client advisors 8,166 7,463 6,879 
 (a) Consists of Global Private Bank in AWM and client investment assets in J.P. Morgan Wealth Management in CCB. 

Selected metrics - J.P. Morgan Payments 
 (in millions, except where otherwise noted) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total net revenue 13,909 9,861 9,599 Merchant processing volume (in billions) 2,158.4 1,886.7 1,597.3 Average deposits (in billions) 779 800 651 

The following sections provide a comparative discussion of the Firm s results by segment as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 62 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

CONSUMER COMMUNITY BANKING 
 Consumer Community Banking offers products and services to consumers and small businesses through bank branches, ATMs, digital (including mobile and online) and telephone banking. CCB is organized into Banking Wealth Management (including Consumer Banking, J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and Business Banking), Home Lending (including Home Lending Production, Home Lending Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card Services Auto. Banking Wealth Management offers deposit, investment and lending products, cash management, payments and services. Home Lending includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card Services issues credit cards and offers travel services. Auto originates and services auto loans and leases. 

Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Lending- and deposit-related fees 3,316 3,034 3,166 Asset management, administration and commissions 3,754 3,514 2,780 Mortgage fees and related income 1,236 2,159 3,079 Card income 2,679 3,563 3,068 All other income (a) 
 4,104 5,016 5,647 Noninterest revenue 15,089 17,286 17,740 Net interest income 39,928 32,787 33,528 Total net revenue 55,017 50,073 51,268 Provision for credit losses 3,813 (6,989) 12,312 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 13,092 12,142 11,014 Noncompensation expense (b) 
 18,379 17,114 16,976 Total noninterest expense 31,471 29,256 27,990 Income before income tax expense 19,733 27,806 10,966 Income tax expense 4,862 6,876 2,749 Net income 14,871 20,930 8,217 Revenue by line of business Banking Wealth Management (c) 
 30,262 23,980 22,955 Home Lending 3,674 5,291 6,018 Card Services Auto (d) 
 21,081 20,802 22,295 Mortgage fees and related income details: Production revenue 497 2,215 2,629 Net mortgage servicing 
 revenue (e) 
 739 (56) 450 Mortgage fees and related income 1,236 2,159 3,079 Financial ratios Return on equity 29 41 15 Overhead ratio 57 58 55 
 (a) Included operating lease income of 3.6 billion, 4.8 billion and 5.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Included depreciation expense on leased assets of 2.4 billion, 3.3 billion and 4.2 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (c) In the fourth quarter of 2022, Consumer Business Banking was renamed Banking Wealth Management. 
 (d) In the fourth quarter of 2022, Card Auto was renamed Card Services Auto. 
 (e) Included MSR risk management results of 93 million, (525) million and (18) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 63 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net income was 14.9 billion, down 29 , reflecting a net increase in the provision for credit losses compared with a net benefit in the prior year. 
 Net revenue was 55.0 billion, an increase of 10 . 
 Net interest income was 39.9 billion, up 22 , predominantly driven by: 
 margin expansion on higher rates as well as growth in deposits in Banking Wealth Management BWM ), and higher revolving loans in Card Services, 
 partially offset by 
 lower NII associated with PPP loan forgiveness in BWM, and tighter loan spreads in Home Lending. 
 Noninterest revenue was 15.1 billion, down 13 , reflecting: 
 lower production revenue from lower margins and volume in Home Lending, 
 lower auto operating lease income as a result of a decline in volume, and 
 lower card income reflecting higher amortization related to new account origination costs partially offset by higher annual fees in Card Services, while net interchange income was relatively flat, 
 partially offset by 
 higher net mortgage servicing revenue, reflecting the absence of a net loss in MSR risk management in the prior year primarily driven by updates to model inputs related to prepayment expectations, as well as higher operating revenue on a higher level of third-party loans serviced, 
 higher commissions reflecting travel-related services in Card Services and increased annuity sales in BWM, and 
 higher deposit-related fees due to higher service fee volume in BWM. 
 Refer to Note 6 for additional information on card income and asset management, administration and commissions. 
 Refer to Note 15 for further information regarding changes in the value of the MSR asset and related hedges, and mortgage fees and related income. 

Noninterest expense was 31.5 billion, up 8 , reflecting: 
 investments in the business and higher structural expenses, predominantly driven by compensation, technology and marketing, 
 partially offset by 
 lower volume- and revenue-related expenses, predominantly driven by lower depreciation expense on lower auto lease assets, partially offset by higher operating losses. 
 The provision for credit losses was 3.8 billion, driven by: 
 net charge-offs of 2.7 billion, down from 2.8 billion in the prior year and included 
 a 309 million decrease in Card Services, reflecting the ongoing financial strength of U.S. consumers. However, median deposit balances declined in the second half of 2022, impacted by the growth in consumer spending, 
 largely offset by 
 a 190 million increase in net charge-offs in Auto and BWM as net charge-offs in the prior year benefited from government stimulus and payment assistance programs, and 
 a 1.1 billion net addition to the allowance for credit losses driven by 
 950 million in Card Services, reflecting higher outstanding balances, and deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance related to a decrease in uncertainty associated with borrower behavior as the effects of the pandemic gradually recede, and 
 175 million in Home Lending. 
 The prior year included a 9.8 billion reduction in the 
 allowance for credit losses across CCB. 
 Refer to Credit and Investment Risk Management on pages 106-130 and Allowance for Credit Losses on pages 127-129 for a further discussion of the credit portfolios and the allowance for credit losses. 

64 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2022 2021 2020 Selected balance sheet data (period-end) Total assets 514,085 500,370 496,705 Loans: Banking Wealth Management (a) 
 29,008 35,095 48,810 Home Lending (b) 
 172,554 180,529 182,121 Card Services 185,175 154,296 144,216 Auto 68,191 69,138 66,432 Total loans 454,928 439,058 441,579 Deposits 1,131,611 1,148,110 958,706 Equity 50,000 50,000 52,000 Selected balance sheet data (average) Total assets 497,263 489,771 501,584 Loans: Banking Wealth Management 31,545 44,906 43,064 Home Lending (c) 
 176,285 181,049 197,148 Card Services 163,335 140,405 146,633 Auto 68,098 67,624 61,476 Total loans 439,263 433,984 448,321 Deposits 1,162,680 1,054,956 851,390 Equity 50,000 50,000 52,000 Headcount 135,347 128,863 122,894 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, included 350 million, 5.4 billion and 19.2 billion of loans, respectively, in Business Banking under the PPP. Refer to Credit Portfolio on pages 108-109 for a further discussion of the PPP. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Home Lending loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were 3.0 billion, 14.9 billion and 9.7 billion, respectively. 
 (c) Average Home Lending loans held-for sale and loans at fair value were 7.3 billion, 15.4 billion and 11.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratio data) 2022 2021 2020 Credit data and quality statistics Nonaccrual loans (a)(b) 
 3,899 (f) 
 4,875 (f) 
 5,492 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) Banking Wealth Management 370 289 263 Home Lending (229) (275) (169) Card Services 2,403 2,712 4,286 Auto 144 35 123 Total net charge-offs/(recoveries) 2,688 2,761 4,503 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate Banking Wealth Management (c) 
 1.17 0.64 0.61 Home Lending (0.14) (0.17) (0.09) Card Services 1.47 1.94 2.93 Auto 0.21 0.05 0.20 Total net charge-off/(recovery) rate 0.62 0.66 1.03 30+ day delinquency rate Home Lending (d)(e) 
 0.83 1.25 1.15 Card Services 1.45 1.04 1.68 Auto 1.01 0.64 0.69 90+ day delinquency rate - Card Services 
 0.68 0.50 0.92 Allowance for loan losses Banking Wealth Management 722 697 1,372 Home Lending 867 660 1,813 Card Services 11,200 10,250 17,800 Auto 715 733 1,042 Total allowance for loan losses 13,504 12,340 22,027 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, nonaccrual loans excluded mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies of 187 million, 342 million and 558 million, respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. In addition, the Firm s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, generally excludes loans that were under payment deferral programs offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Refer to Credit Portfolio on pages 108-109 for further information on consumer assistance. Includes loans to customers that have exited COVID-19 related payment deferral programs and are 90 or more days past due, predominantly all of which were considered collateral-dependent at time of exit. 
 (c) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, included 350 million, 5.4 billion and 19.2 billion of loans, respectively, in Business Banking under the PPP. The Firm does not expect to realize material credit losses on PPP loans because the loans are guaranteed by the SBA. Refer to Credit Portfolio on pages 108-109 for a further discussion of the PPP. 
 (d) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the principal balance of loans under payment deferral programs offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic was 449 million, 1.1 billion and 9.1 billion in Home Lending, respectively. Loans that are performing according to their modified terms are generally not considered delinquent. Refer to Credit Portfolio on pages 108-109 for further information on consumer assistance. 
 (e) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, excluded mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of 258 million, 405 million and 744 million, respectively, that are 30 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. 
 (f) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans excluded 101 million and 506 million of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA, respectively. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 65 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in billions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2022 2021 2020 Business Metrics CCB households (in millions) 69.3 66.3 63.4 Number of branches 4,787 4,790 4,908 Active digital customers 
 (in thousands) (a) 
 63,136 58,857 55,274 Active mobile customers 
 (in thousands) (b) 
 49,710 45,452 40,899 Debit and credit card sales volume 
 1,555.4 1,360.7 1,081.2 Total payments transaction volume (in trillions) (c) 
 5.6 5.0 4.0 Banking Wealth Management Average deposits 1,145.7 1,035.4 832.5 Deposit margin 1.71 1.27 1.58 Business Banking average loans 22.3 37.5 37.9 Business Banking origination volume 
 4.3 13.9 (f) 
 26.6 (f) 
 Client investment assets (d) 
 647.1 718.1 590.2 Number of client advisors 5,029 4,725 4,417 Home Lending Mortgage origination volume by channel Retail 38.5 91.8 72.9 Correspondent 26.9 70.9 40.9 Total mortgage origination volume (e) 
 65.4 162.7 113.8 Third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) 584.3 519.2 447.3 MSR carrying value (period-end) 
 8.0 5.5 3.3 Card Services Sales volume, excluding commercial card 1,064.7 893.5 702.7 Net revenue rate 9.87 10.51 10.92 Net yield on average loans 9.77 9.88 10.42 New accounts opened 
 (in millions) 
 9.6 8.0 5.4 Auto Loan and lease origination volume 
 30.4 43.6 38.4 Average auto operating lease assets 
 14.3 19.1 22.0 
 (a) Users of all web and/or mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days. 
 (b) Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days. 
 (c) Total payments transaction volume includes debit and credit card sales volume and gross outflows of ACH, ATM, teller, wires, BillPay, PayChase, Zelle, person-to-person and checks. 
 (d) Includes assets invested in managed accounts and J.P. Morgan mutual funds where AWM is the investment manager. Refer to AWM segment results on pages 76-78 for additional information. 
 (e) Firmwide mortgage origination volume was 81.8 billion, 182.4 billion and 133.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (f) Included origination volume under the PPP of 10.6 billion and 21.9 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The program ended on May 31, 2021 for new applications. 

66 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

CORPORATE INVESTMENT BANK 
 The Corporate Investment Bank, which consists of Banking and Markets Securities Services, offers a broad suite of investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, lending, and treasury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations, investors, financial institutions, merchants, government and municipal entities. Banking offers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication. Banking also includes Payments, which provides payments services enabling clients to manage payments and receipts globally, and cross-border financing. Markets Securities Services includes Markets, a global market-maker across products, including cash and derivative instruments, which also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research. Markets Securities Services also includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund accounting and administration, and securities lending products principally for asset managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds. 
 Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Investment banking fees 6,929 13,359 9,477 Principal transactions 19,926 15,764 17,560 Lending- and deposit-related fees 2,419 2,514 2,070 Asset management, administration and commissions 5,065 5,024 4,721 All other income (a) 
 1,660 1,548 1,292 Noninterest revenue 35,999 38,209 35,120 Net interest income 11,900 13,540 14,164 Total net revenue (b) 
 47,899 51,749 49,284 Provision for credit losses 1,158 (1,174) 2,726 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 13,918 13,096 11,612 Noncompensation expense 13,169 12,229 11,926 Total noninterest expense 27,087 25,325 23,538 Income before income tax expense 
 19,654 27,598 23,020 Income tax expense 4,684 6,464 
 5,926 Net income 14,970 21,134 
 17,094 
 (a) Includes card income of 1.0 billion, 910 million and 840 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Includes tax-equivalent adjustments, predominantly due to income tax credits and other tax benefits related to alternative energy investments; income tax credits and amortization of the cost of investments in affordable housing projects; and tax-exempt income from municipal bonds of 3.0 billion, 3.0 billion and 2.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Financial ratios Return on equity 14 25 20 Overhead ratio 57 49 48 Compensation expense as 
 percentage of total net 
 revenue 
 29 25 24 Revenue by business Investment Banking 6,510 12,506 8,871 Payments 7,376 6,270 5,560 Lending 1,377 1,001 1,146 Total Banking 15,263 19,777 15,577 Fixed Income Markets 18,617 16,865 20,878 Equity Markets 10,367 10,529 8,605 Securities Services 4,488 4,328 4,253 Credit Adjustments Other (a) 
 (836) 250 (29) Total Markets Securities 
 Services 
 32,636 31,972 33,707 Total net revenue 47,899 51,749 49,284 
 (a) Consists primarily of centrally managed credit valuation adjustments " CVA " ), funding valuation adjustments " FVA " on derivatives, other valuation adjustments, and certain components of fair value option elected liabilities, which are primarily reported in principal transactions revenue. Results are presented net of associated hedging activities and net of CVA and FVA amounts allocated to Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Refer to Notes 2, 3 and 24 for additional information. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 67 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 2022 compared with 2021 
 Net income was 15.0 billion, down 29 . 
 Net revenue was 47.9 billion, down 7 . 
 Banking revenue was 15.3 billion, down 23 . 
 Investment Banking revenue was 6.5 billion, down 48 , driven by lower Investment Banking fees, which were also down 48 , as volatile market conditions resulted in lower fees across products, and 251 million of markdowns on held-for-sale positions, primarily unfunded commitments, in the bridge financing portfolio in the second quarter of 2022. The Firm ranked #1 for Global Investment Banking fees, according to Dealogic. 
 Equity underwriting fees were 1.0 billion, down 74 , and debt underwriting fees were 2.8 billion , dow n 43 , due to lower issuance activity. 
 Advisory fees were 3.1 billion, down 30 , driven by a lower level of announced deals. 
 Payments revenue was 7.4 billion, up 18 , and included the net impact of equity investments. Excluding this net impact, revenue was 7.8 billion, up 33 , driven by deposit margin expansion on higher rates and growth in fees on higher volumes. 
 Lending revenue was 1.4 billion, up 38 , driven by higher net interest income primarily on higher loans, as well as fair value gains on hedges of retained loans, compared with losses in the prior year. 

Markets Securities Services revenue was 32.6 billion, up 2 . Markets revenue was 29.0 billion, up 6 . 
 Fixed Income Markets revenue was 18.6 billion, up 10 , driven by strong performance in the macro businesses amid volatile market conditions, particularly in Currencies Emerging Markets and Rates, partially offset by lower revenue in Securitized Products. 
 Equity Markets revenue was 10.4 billion, down 2 , driven by lower revenue in Cash Equities, largely offset by Equity Derivatives. 
 Securities Services revenue was 4.5 billion, up 4 , driven by deposit margin expansion on higher rates and growth in fees, largely offset by lower average market values of assets under custody and lower deposits. 
 Credit Adjustments Other was a loss of 836 million, reflecting funding spread widening, and, to a lesser extent, losses on exposures relating to commodities and Russia and Russia-associated counterparties, compared with a gain of 250 million in the prior year. 
 Noninterest expense was 27.1 billion, up 7 , driven by higher structural expense and investments in the business, including higher compensation, partially offset by lower revenue-related compensation as well as lower legal expense. 
 The provision for credit losses was 1.2 billion, predominantly driven by a net addition to the allowance for credit losses, reflecting deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook and loan growth. 
 The provision for credit losses in the prior year was a net benefit of 1.2 billion, driven by a net reduction in the allowance for credit losses. 

68 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2022 2021 2020 Selected balance sheet data (period-end) 
 Total assets 1,334,296 1,259,896 1,095,926 Loans: Loans retained (a) 
 187,642 159,786 133,296 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (b) 
 42,304 50,386 39,588 Total loans 229,946 210,172 172,884 Equity 103,000 83,000 80,000 Selected balance sheet data (average) 
 Total assets 1,406,250 1,334,518 1,121,942 Trading assets-debt and equity instruments 405,916 448,099 425,060 
 Trading assets-derivative receivables 77,802 68,203 69,243 
 Loans: Loans retained (a) 
 172,627 145,137 135,676 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (b) 
 46,846 51,072 33,792 Total loans 219,473 196,209 169,468 Equity 103,000 83,000 80,000 Headcount 73,452 67,546 61,733 
 (a) Loans retained includes credit portfolio loans, loans held by consolidated Firm-administered multi-seller conduits, trade finance loans, other held-for-investment loans and overdrafts. 
 (b) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value primarily reflect lending related positions originated and purchased in CIB Markets, including loans held for securitization. 

Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Credit data and quality statistics 
 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) 
 82 6 370 Nonperforming assets: Nonaccrual loans: Nonaccrual loans retained (a) 
 718 584 1,008 Nonaccrual loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (b) 
 848 844 1,662 Total nonaccrual loans 
 1,566 1,428 2,670 Derivative receivables 296 316 56 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 
 87 91 85 Total nonperforming assets 
 1,949 1,835 2,811 Allowance for credit losses: Allowance for loan losses 2,292 1,348 2,366 Allowance for lending-related commitments 1,448 1,372 1,534 Total allowance for credit losses 
 3,740 2,720 3,900 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (c) 
 0.05 0.27 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans 
 retained 
 1.22 0.84 1.77 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained, excluding trade finance and conduits (d) 
 1.67 1.12 2.54 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 
 retained (a) 
 319 231 235 Nonaccrual loans to total period-end loans 0.68 0.68 1.54 
 (a) Allowance for loan losses of 104 million, 58 million and 278 million were held against these nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, nonaccrual loans excluded mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies of 115 million, 281 million and 316 million, respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. 
 (c) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were excluded when calculating the net charge-off/(recovery) rate. 
 (d) Management uses allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained, excluding trade finance and conduits, a non-GAAP financial measure, to provide a more meaningful assessment of CIB s allowance coverage ratio. Refer to Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on pages 58-60. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 69 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Investment banking fees 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Advisory 
 3,051 4,381 2,368 Equity underwriting 
 1,034 3,953 2,758 Debt underwriting (a) 
 2,844 5,025 4,351 Total investment banking fees 
 6,929 13,359 9,477 

(a) Represents long-term debt and loan syndications. 
 League table results wallet share 2022 2021 2020 Year ended December 31, Rank Share Rank Share Rank Share Based on fees (a) 
 M A (b) 
 Global 
 # 2 8.2 # 2 9.6 # 2 8.9 U.S. 
 2 9.1 2 10.8 2 9.4 Equity and equity-related (c) 
 Global 
 1 5.8 2 8.8 2 8.9 U.S. 
 1 13.9 2 11.7 2 12.1 Long-term debt (d) 
 Global 
 1 7.0 1 8.4 1 8.8 U.S. 
 1 12.2 1 12.1 1 12.8 Loan syndications 
 Global 1 11.2 1 10.9 1 11.1 U.S. 1 12.8 1 12.6 1 12.3 Global investment banking fees (e) 
 # 1 8.0 # 1 9.3 # 1 9.1 
 (a) Source: Dealogic as of January 2, 2023. Reflects the ranking of revenue wallet and market share. 
 (b) Global M A excludes any withdrawn transactions. U.S. M A revenue wallet represents wallet from client parents based in the U.S. 
 (c) Global equity and equity-related ranking includes rights offerings and Chinese A-Shares. 
 (d) Long-term debt rankings include investment-grade, high-yield, supranationals, sovereigns, agencies, covered bonds, asset-backed securities " ABS " and mortgage-backed securities " MBS " ); and exclude money market, short-term debt, and U.S. municipal securities. 
 (e) Global investment banking fees exclude money market, short-term debt and shelf securities. 
 Markets revenue 
 The following table summarizes selected income statement data for the Markets businesses. Markets includes both Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Markets revenue consists of principal transactions, fees, commissions and other income, as well as net interest income. The Firm assesses its Markets business performance on a total revenue basis, as offsets may occur across revenue line items. For example, securities that generate net interest income may be risk-managed by derivatives that are reflected at fair value in principal transactions revenue. Refer to Notes 6 and 7 for a description of the composition of these income statement line items. 
 Principal transactions reflects revenue on financial instruments and commodities transactions that arise from client-driven market-making activity. Principal transactions revenue includes amounts recognized upon executing new transactions with market participants, as well as inventory-related revenue , which is revenue recognized from gains and losses on derivatives and other instruments that the Firm has been holding in anticipation of, or in response to, client demand, and changes in the fair value of instruments used by the Firm to actively manage the risk exposure arising from such inventory. Principal transactions revenue recognized upon executing new transactions with market participants is affected by many factors including the level of client activity, the bid-offer spread (which is the 

difference between the price at which a market participant is willing and able to sell an instrument to the Firm and the price at which another market participant is willing and able to buy it from the Firm, and vice versa), market liquidity and volatility. These factors are interrelated and sensitive to the same factors that drive inventory-related revenue, which include general market conditions, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity and commodity prices, as well as other macroeconomic conditions. 

70 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

For the periods presented below, the predominant source of principal transactions revenue was the amount recognized upon executing new transactions. 
 2022 2021 2020 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except where otherwise noted) Fixed Income Markets Equity Markets Total Markets Fixed Income Markets Equity Markets Total Markets Fixed Income Markets Equity Markets Total Markets Principal transactions 
 11,682 8,846 20,528 7,911 7,519 15,430 11,857 6,087 17,944 Lending- and deposit-related fees 
 303 22 325 321 17 338 226 10 236 Asset management, administration and commissions 
 550 2,007 2,557 545 1,967 2,512 411 2,087 2,498 All other income 916 (131) 785 972 (101) 871 493 (62) 431 Noninterest revenue 13,451 10,744 24,195 9,749 9,402 19,151 12,987 8,122 21,109 Net interest income 5,166 (377) 4,789 7,116 1,127 8,243 7,891 483 8,374 Total net revenue 18,617 10,367 28,984 16,865 10,529 27,394 20,878 8,605 29,483 Loss days (a) 
 7 4 4 
 (a) Loss days represent the number of days for which CIB Markets, which consists of Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets, posted losses to total net revenue. The loss days determined under this measure differ from the measure used to determine backtesting gains and losses. Daily backtesting gains and losses include positions in the Firm s Risk Management value-at-risk " VaR " measure and exclude certain components of total net revenue, which may more than offset backtesting gains or losses on a particular day. For more information on daily backtesting gains and losses, refer to the VaR discussion on pages 133-135. 
 Selected metrics 
 As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2022 2021 2020 Assets under custody ("AUC") by asset class (period-end) (in billions): Fixed Income 14,361 16,098 15,840 Equity 10,748 12,962 11,489 Other (a) 
 3,526 4,161 3,651 Total AUC 28,635 33,221 30,980 Merchant processing volume (in billions) (b) 
 2,158.4 1,886.7 1,597.3 Client deposits and other third party liabilities (average) (c) 
 687,391 714,910 610,555 
 (a) Consists of mutual funds, unit investment trusts, currencies, annuities, insurance contracts, options and other contracts. 
 (b) Represents total merchant processing volume across CIB, CCB and CB. 
 (c) Client deposits and other third-party liabilities pertain to the Payments and Securities Services businesses. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 71 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 International metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2022 2021 2020 Total net revenue (a) 
 Europe/Middle East/Africa 15,303 13,954 13,872 Asia-Pacific 7,846 7,555 7,524 Latin America/Caribbean 2,239 1,833 1,931 Total international net revenue 25,388 23,342 23,327 North America 22,511 28,407 25,957 Total net revenue 47,899 51,749 49,284 Loans retained (period-end) (a) 
 Europe/Middle East/Africa 39,424 33,084 27,659 Asia-Pacific 15,571 14,471 12,802 Latin America/Caribbean 8,599 7,006 5,425 Total international loans 63,594 54,561 45,886 North America 124,048 105,225 87,410 Total loans retained 187,642 159,786 133,296 Client deposits and other third-party liabilities (average) (b) 
 Europe/Middle East/Africa 247,203 243,867 211,592 Asia-Pacific 129,134 132,241 124,145 Latin America/Caribbean 39,917 46,045 37,664 Total international 416,254 422,153 373,401 North America 271,137 292,757 237,154 Total client deposits and other third-party liabilities 
 687,391 714,910 610,555 AUC (period-end) (b) (in billions) 
 North America 19,219 21,655 20,028 All other regions 9,416 11,566 10,952 Total AUC 28,635 33,221 30,980 
 (a) Total net revenue and loans retained (excluding loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value) are based on the location of the trading desk, booking location, or domicile of the client, as applicable. 
 (b) Client deposits and other third-party liabilities pertaining to the Payments and Securities Services businesses, and AUC, are based on the domicile of the client. 
 72 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

COMMERCIAL BANKING 
 Commercial Banking provides comprehensive financial solutions, including lending, payments, investment banking and asset management products across three primary client segments: Middle Market Banking, Corporate Client Banking and Commercial Real Estate Banking. Other includes amounts not aligned with a primary client segment. 
 Middle Market Banking covers small and midsized companies, local governments and nonprofit clients. 
 Corporate Client Banking covers large corporations. 
 Commercial Real Estate Banking covers investors, developers, and owners of multifamily, office, retail, industrial and affordable housing properties. 
 
 Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Lending- and deposit-related fees 1,243 1,392 1,187 All other income (a) 
 2,093 2,537 1,880 Noninterest revenue 3,336 3,929 3,067 Net interest income 8,197 6,079 6,246 Total net revenue (b) 
 11,533 10,008 9,313 Provision for credit losses 1,268 (947) 2,113 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 2,296 1,973 1,854 Noncompensation expense 2,423 2,068 1,944 Total noninterest expense 4,719 4,041 3,798 Income before income tax expense 
 5,546 6,914 3,402 Income tax expense 1,333 1,668 824 Net income 4,213 5,246 2,578 
 (a) Includes card income of 685 million, 624 million and 525 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Total net revenue included tax-equivalent adjustments from income tax credits related to equity investments in designated community development entities and in entities established for rehabilitation of historic properties, as well as tax-exempt income related to municipal financing activities of 322 million, 330 million and 350 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2022 compared with 2021 
 Net income was 4.2 billion, down 20 , reflecting a net increase in the provision for credit losses compared with a net benefit in the prior year. 
 Net revenue was 11.5 billion, up 15 . Net interest income was 8.2 billion, up 35 , driven by deposit margin expansion on higher rates and growth in loans, predominantly offset by the impact of higher funding costs and lower deposits. 
 Noninterest revenue was 3.3 billion, down 15 , driven by lower investment banking revenue and net markdowns on held-for-sale positions, primarily unfunded commitments, in the bridge financing portfolio. The decreases were partially offset by a gain on an equity method investment received in partial satisfaction of a loan. 
 Noninterest expense was 4.7 billion, up 17 , largely driven by higher volume-and revenue-related expense, as well as structural expense, including higher compensation expense, and expense associated with growth in payments. 
 The provision for credit losses was 1.3 billion, predominantly driven by a net addition to the allowance for credit losses, reflecting deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook and loan growth. 
 The provision for credit losses in the prior year was a net benefit of 947 million, driven by a net reduction in the allowance for credit losses. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 73 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 CB product revenue consists of the following: 
 Lending includes a variety of financing alternatives, which are primarily provided on a secured basis; collateral includes receivables, inventory, equipment, real estate or other assets. Products include term loans, revolving lines of credit, bridge financing, asset-based structures, leases, and standby letters of credit. 
 Payments includes revenue from a broad range of products and services that CB clients use to manage payments and receipts globally, as well as invest and manage funds. 
 Investment banking includes investment banking fees and markets revenue from a full range of products and services providing CB clients with advisory, loan syndications, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, and risk management solutions. 
 Other revenue primarily includes tax-equivalent adjustments generated from Community Development Banking and activity derived from principal transactions. 
 
 Selected income statement data (continued) Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue by product Lending 4,524 4,629 4,396 Payments (a) 
 5,882 3,791 3,820 Investment banking (a)(b) 
 873 1,473 964 Other 254 115 133 Total net revenue 11,533 10,008 9,313 Investment banking revenue, gross (c) 
 2,978 5,092 3,348 Revenue by client segment Middle Market Banking 5,134 4,004 3,640 Corporate Client Banking 3,918 3,508 3,203 Commercial Real Estate Banking 
 2,461 2,419 2,313 Other 20 77 157 Total net revenue 11,533 10,008 9,313 Financial ratios Return on equity 16 21 11 Overhead ratio 41 40 41 
 (a) In the fourth quarter of 2022, certain revenue from CIB Markets products was reclassified from investment banking to payments. Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 (b) Includes CB s share of revenue from investment banking products sold to CB clients through the CIB. 
 (c) Includes gross revenues earned by the Firm for investment banking and payments products sold to CB clients that are subject to a revenue sharing arrangement with the CIB. Refer to Business Segment Results on page 61 for a discussion of revenue sharing. 

Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2022 2021 2020 Selected balance sheet data (period-end) 
 Total assets 257,106 230,776 228,911 Loans: Loans retained 233,879 206,220 207,880 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 
 707 2,223 2,245 Total loans 234,586 208,443 210,125 Equity 25,000 24,000 22,000 Period-end loans by client segment 
 Middle Market Banking (a) 
 72,625 
 61,159 61,115 Corporate Client Banking 53,840 45,315 47,420 Commercial Real Estate Banking 107,999 101,751 101,146 Other 122 218 444 Total loans (a) 
 234,586 
 208,443 210,125 Selected balance sheet data (average) 
 Total assets 243,108 225,548 233,156 Loans: Loans retained 222,388 201,920 217,767 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 
 1,350 3,122 1,129 Total loans 223,738 205,042 218,896 Client deposits and other third-party liabilities 
 294,261 301,502 237,825 Equity 25,000 24,000 22,000 Average loans by client segment 
 Middle Market Banking 67,830 60,128 61,558 Corporate Client Banking 50,281 44,361 54,172 Commercial Real Estate Banking 105,459 100,331 102,479 Other 168 222 687 Total loans 223,738 205,042 218,896 Headcount 14,687 12,902 11,675 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total loans included 132 million, 1.2 billion and 6.6 billion of loans under the PPP, of which 123 million, 1.1 billion and 6.4 billion were in Middle Market Banking, respectively. Refer to Credit Portfolio on pages 108-109 for a further discussion of the PPP. 

74 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Credit data and quality statistics 
 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) 84 71 401 Nonperforming assets Nonaccrual loans: Nonaccrual loans retained (a) 
 766 (c) 
 740 (c) 
 1,286 Nonaccrual loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 
 120 Total nonaccrual loans 766 740 1,406 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 
 17 24 Total nonperforming assets 766 757 1,430 Allowance for credit losses: Allowance for loan losses 3,324 2,219 3,335 Allowance for lending-related commitments 
 830 749 651 Total allowance for credit losses 
 4,154 2,968 3,986 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (b) 
 0.04 0.04 0.18 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained 
 1.42 1.08 1.60 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans retained (a) 
 434 300 259 Nonaccrual loans to period-end total loans 
 0.33 0.36 0.67 
 (a) Allowance for loan losses of 153 million, 124 million and 273 million was held against nonaccrual loans retained at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were excluded when calculating the net charge-off/(recovery) rate. 
 (c) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans excluded 18 million and 114 million, respectively, of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 75 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 ASSET WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
 Asset Wealth Management, with client assets of 4.0 trillion, is a global leader in investment and wealth management. 
 
 Asset Management 
 Offers multi-asset investment management solutions across equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds to institutional and retail investors providing for a broad range of clients investment needs. 
 
 Global Private Bank 
 Provides retirement products and services, brokerage, custody, estate planning, lending, deposits and investment management to high net worth clients. 
 
 The majority of AWM s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. 
 
 Selected income statement data Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Asset management, administration and commissions 
 12,172 12,333 10,610 All other income 335 738 212 Noninterest revenue 12,507 13,071 10,822 Net interest income 5,241 3,886 3,418 Total net revenue 17,748 16,957 14,240 Provision for credit losses 128 (227) 263 Noninterest expense Compensation expense 6,336 5,692 4,959 Noncompensation expense 5,493 5,227 4,998 Total noninterest expense 11,829 10,919 9,957 Income before income tax expense 
 5,791 6,265 4,020 Income tax expense 1,426 1,528 1,028 Net income 4,365 4,737 2,992 Revenue by line of business Asset Management 8,818 9,246 7,654 Global Private Bank 8,930 7,711 6,586 Total net revenue 17,748 16,957 14,240 Financial ratios Return on equity 25 33 28 Overhead ratio 67 64 70 Pre-tax margin ratio: Asset Management 30 35 29 Global Private Bank 35 39 27 Asset Wealth Management 33 37 28 

2022 compared with 2021 
 Net income was 4.4 billion, down 8 . 
 Net revenue was 17.7 billion, up 5 . Net interest income was 5.2 billion, up 35 . Noninterest revenue was 12.5 billion, down 4 . 
 Revenue from Asset Management was 8.8 billion, down 5 , predominantly driven by: 
 net investment valuation losses compared to net gains in the prior year and, 
 lower asset management fees reflecting a decline in market levels and the impact of net liquidity outflows, predominantly offset by the removal of most money market fund fee waivers. 
 Revenue from Global Private Bank was 8.9 billion, up 16 , driven by: 
 margin expansion on higher rates and higher average deposits; and to a lesser extent higher average loans and wider spreads, 
 partially offset by 
 lower brokerage and placement fees on reduced volume, and lower management fees. 
 Noninterest expense was 11.8 billion, up 8 , driven by higher structural expense and investments in the business, largely compensation. 
 The provision for credit losses was 128 million, driven by a net addition to the allowance for credit losses. 
 The provision for credit losses in the prior year was a net benefit of 227 million driven by a net reduction in the allowance for credit losses. 

76 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Asset Management has two high-level measures of its overall fund performance. Percentage of mutual fund assets under management in funds rated 4- or 5-star: Mutual fund rating services rank funds based on their risk adjusted performance over various periods. A 5-star rating is the best rating and represents the top 10 of industry-wide ranked funds. A 4-star rating represents the next 22.5 of industry-wide ranked funds. A 3-star rating represents the next 35 of industry-wide ranked funds. A 2-star rating represents the next 22.5 of industry-wide ranked funds. A 1-star rating is the worst rating and represents the bottom 10 of industrywide ranked funds. An overall Morningstar rating is derived from a weighted average of the performance associated with a fund s three-, five and ten- year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. For U.S.-domiciled funds, separate star ratings are provided at the individual share 
 class level. The Nomura star rating is based on three-year risk-adjusted performance only. Funds with fewer than three years of history are not rated and hence excluded from these rankings. All ratings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive these rankings are sourced from the applicable fund rating provider. Where applicable, the fund rating providers redenominate asset values into U.S. dollars. The percentage of AUM is based on star ratings at the share class level for U.S.-domiciled funds, and at a primary share class level to represent the star rating of all other funds, except for Japan, for which Nomura provides ratings at the fund level. The performance data may have been different if all share classes had been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 Percentage of mutual fund assets under management in funds ranked in the 1st or 2nd quartile (one, three and five years) :All quartile rankings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive these rankings are sourced from the fund rating providers. Quartile rankings are based on the net-of-fee absolute return of each fund. Where applicable, the fund rating providers redenominate asset values into U.S. dollars. The percentage of AUM is based on fund performance and associated peer rankings at the share class level for U.S.-domiciled funds, at a primary share class level to represent the quartile ranking for U.K., Luxembourg and Hong Kong SAR funds and at the fund level for all other funds. The performance data may have been different if all share classes had been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 Primary share class means the C share class for European funds and Acc share class for Hong Kong SAR and Taiwan funds. If these share classes are not available, the oldest share class is used as the primary share class. 

Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ranking data, ratios and headcount) 
 2022 2021 2020 of JPM mutual fund assets rated as 4- or 5-star (a) 
 73 69 63 of JPM mutual fund assets ranked in 1 st or 2 nd 
 quartile: (b) 
 1 year 65 53 63 3 years 75 72 69 5 years 81 80 72 Selected balance sheet data (period-end) (c) 
 Total assets 232,037 234,425 203,384 Loans 214,006 218,271 186,608 Deposits 233,130 282,052 198,755 Equity 17,000 14,000 10,500 Selected balance sheet data (average) (c) 
 Total assets 232,438 217,187 181,432 Loans 215,582 198,487 166,311 Deposits 261,489 230,296 161,955 Equity 17,000 14,000 10,500 Headcount 26,041 22,762 20,683 Number of Global Private Bank client advisors 3,137 2,738 2,462 Credit data and quality statistics (c) 
 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) (7) 26 (14) Nonaccrual loans 459 708 964 Allowance for credit losses: Allowance for loan losses 494 365 598 Allowance for lending-related commitments 
 20 18 38 Total allowance for credit losses 
 514 383 636 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate 0.01 (0.01) Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans 
 0.23 0.17 0.32 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 
 108 52 62 Nonaccrual loans to period-end loans 
 0.21 0.32 0.52 
 (a) Represents the Morningstar Rating for all domiciled funds except for Japan domiciled funds which use Nomura. Includes only Asset Management retail open-ended mutual funds that have a rating. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds. 
 (b) Quartile ranking sourced from Morningstar, Lipper and Nomura based on country of domicile. Includes only Asset Management retail open-ended mutual funds that are ranked by the aforementioned sources. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds. 
 (c) Loans, deposits and related credit data and quality statistics relate to the Global Private Bank business. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 77 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Client assets 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 Client assets were 4.0 trillion, a decrease of 6 . Assets under management were 2.8 trillion, a decrease of 11 driven by lower market levels and net outflows from liquidity products, partially offset by continued net inflows into long term products. 
 Client assets December 31, (in billions) 2022 2021 2020 Assets by asset class Liquidity 654 708 641 Fixed income 638 693 671 Equity 670 779 595 Multi-asset 603 732 656 Alternatives 201 201 153 Total assets under management 2,766 3,113 2,716 Custody/brokerage/ 
 administration/deposits 
 1,282 1,182 936 Total client assets (a) 
 4,048 4,295 3,652 Assets by client segment Private Banking 751 805 689 Global Institutional 1,252 1,430 1,273 Global Funds 763 878 754 Total assets under management 2,766 3,113 2,716 Private Banking 
 1,964 1,931 1,581 Global Institutional 1,314 1,479 1,311 Global Funds 770 885 760 Total client assets (a) 
 4,048 4,295 3,652 
 (a) Includes CCB client investment assets invested in managed accounts and J.P. Morgan mutual funds where AWM is the investment manager. 
 Client assets (continued) Year ended December 31, (in billions) 2022 2021 2020 Assets under management rollforward 
 Beginning balance 3,113 2,716 2,328 Net asset flows: Liquidity (55) 68 104 Fixed income 13 36 48 Equity 35 85 33 Multi-asset (9) 17 5 Alternatives 8 26 6 Market/performance/other impacts (339) 165 192 Ending balance, December 31 2,766 3,113 2,716 Client assets rollforward Beginning balance 4,295 3,652 3,089 Net asset flows 49 389 276 Market/performance/other impacts (296) 254 287 Ending balance, December 31 4,048 4,295 3,652 

International metrics Year ended December 31, (in billions, except where otherwise noted) 2022 2021 2020 Total net revenue (in millions) (a) 
 Europe/Middle East/Africa 3,240 3,571 2,956 Asia-Pacific 1,836 2,017 1,665 Latin America/Caribbean 967 886 782 Total international net revenue 6,043 6,474 5,403 North America 11,705 10,483 8,837 Total net revenue 17,748 16,957 14,240 Assets under management Europe/Middle East/Africa 487 561 517 Asia-Pacific 218 254 224 Latin America/Caribbean 69 79 70 Total international assets under management 774 894 811 North America 1,992 2,219 1,905 Total assets under management 2,766 3,113 2,716 Client assets Europe/Middle East/Africa 610 687 622 Asia-Pacific 331 381 330 Latin America/Caribbean 189 195 166 Total international client assets 1,130 1,263 1,118 North America 2,918 3,032 2,534 Total client assets 4,048 4,295 3,652 
 (a) Regional revenue is based on the domicile of the client. 

78 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

CORPORATE 
 The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Office CIO and Other Corporate. Treasury and CIO is predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm s liquidity, funding, capital, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks. 
 Other Corporate includes staff functions and expense that is centrally managed as well as certain Firm initiatives and activities not aligned to a specific LOB. The major Other Corporate functions include Real Estate, Technology, Legal, Corporate Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Compliance, Control Management, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups. 
 
 Selected income statement and balance sheet data Year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Principal transactions (227) 187 245 Investment securities gains/(losses) (2,380) (345) 795 All other income 809 226 159 Noninterest revenue (1,798) 68 1,199 Net interest income 1,878 (3,551) (2,375) Total net revenue (a) 
 80 (3,483) (1,176) Provision for credit losses 22 81 66 Noninterest expense 1,034 1,802 1,373 Income/(loss) before income tax expense/(benefit) (976) (5,366) (2,615) Income tax expense/(benefit) (233) (1,653) (865) Net income/(loss) (743) (3,713) (1,750) Total net revenue Treasury and CIO (439) (3,464) (1,368) Other Corporate 519 (19) 192 Total net revenue 80 (3,483) (1,176) Net income/(loss) Treasury and CIO (197) (3,057) (1,403) Other Corporate (546) (656) (347) Total net income/(loss) (743) (3,713) (1,750) Total assets (period-end) 1,328,219 1,518,100 1,359,831 Loans (period-end) 2,181 1,770 1,657 Deposits 14,203 (b) 
 396 318 Headcount 44,196 38,952 38,366 
 (a) Included tax-equivalent adjustments, driven by tax-exempt income from municipal bonds, of 235 million, 257 million and 241 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Predominantly relates to the Firm's international consumer growth initiatives. 

2022 compared with 2021 
 Net loss was 743 million, compared with a net loss of 3.7 billion in the prior year. 
 Net revenue was 80 million, compared with a loss of 3.5 billion driven by higher net interest income due to higher rates, partially offset by lower noninterest revenue. 
 Noninterest revenue was a loss of 1.8 billion, compared with a gain of 68 million driven by: 
 higher net investment securities losses on sales of U.S. GSE and government agency MBS, and U.S. Treasuries associated with repositioning the investment securities portfolio, 
 the impact of movements in foreign exchange on certain revenues, primarily as result of the U.S. dollar strengthening, 
 net losses related to cash deployment transactions, which were more than offset by the related net interest income earned on those transactions, 
 net losses, including hedging costs on an equity method investment related to the Firm's international consumer growth initiatives, and 
 net losses on certain legacy private equity investments compared with net gains in prior year. 
 partially offset by 
 a gain on the sale of Visa B shares. In connection with the sale, the Firm entered into a derivative instrument with the purchaser of the shares under which the Firm retains the risk associated with changes in the rate at which the shares are convertible into Visa Class A common shares Visa A shares ). Refer to Note 2 for additional information, 
 higher net gains related to certain Other Corporate investments, and 
 proceeds from an insurance settlement in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Noninterest expense was 1.0 billion, down 768 million, predominantly driven by: 
 lower structural expense reflecting the impact of movements in foreign exchange on certain expenses primarily as a result of the U.S. dollar strengthening, and lower retained technology expense, and 
 a lower contribution to the Firm s Foundation. 
 partially offset by 
 higher investments, including the costs associated with the Firm's international consumer growth initiatives. 
 The net impact of movements in foreign exchange rates associated with the foreign exchange risk that is transferred to Treasury and CIO on certain revenues and expenses was not material to net income. Refer to Foreign Exchange Risk on page 62 for additional information . 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 79 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Refer to Note 10 and Note 13 for additional information on the investment securities portfolio and the allowance for credit losses. 
 The current period income tax benefit was driven by benefits related to tax audit settlements as well as other tax adjustments, partially offset by a change in the level and mix of income and expenses subject to U.S. federal and state and local taxes that also impacted the Firm's tax reserves. 
 Other Corporate also reflects the Firm's international consumer growth initiatives, which include Chase U.K., the Firm's digital retail bank in the U.K.; Nutmeg, a digital wealth manager in the U.K.; and a 40 ownership stake in C6 Bank, a digital bank in Brazil, which closed in the first quarter of 2022. 

Treasury and CIO overview 
 Treasury and CIO is predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm s liquidity, funding, capital, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks. The risks managed by Treasury and CIO arise from the activities undertaken by the Firm s four major reportable business segments to serve their respective client bases, which generate both on- and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities. 
 Treasury and CIO seeks to achieve the Firm s asset-liability management objectives generally by investing in high-quality securities that are managed for the longer-term as part of the Firm s investment securities portfolio. Treasury and CIO also uses derivatives to meet the Firm s asset-liability management objectives. Refer to Note 5 for further information on derivatives. In addition, Treasury and CIO manages the Firm s cash position primarily through deposits at central banks and investments in short-term instruments. Refer to Liq uidity Risk Management on pages 97-104 for further information on liquidity and funding risk . R efer to Market Risk Management on pages 131-138 for informatio n on interest rate and foreign exchange risks. 
 The investment securities portfolio predominantly consists of U.S. and non-U.S. government securities, U.S. GSE and government agency and nonagency mortgage-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, obligations of U.S. states and municipalities and other ABS. At December 31, 2022, the Treasury and CIO investment securities portfolio, net of the allowance for credit losses, was 629.3 billion, and the average credit rating of the securities comprising the portfolio was AA+ (based upon external ratings where available and, where not available, based primarily upon internal risk ratings). Refer to Note 10 for further information on the Firm s investment securities portfolio and internal risk ratings. 
 Selected income statement and balance sheet data As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Investment securities gains/(losses) 
 (2,380) (345) 795 Available-for-sale securities (average) 239,924 306,827 413,367 Held-to-maturity securities (average) (a) 
 412,180 285,086 94,569 Investment securities portfolio (average) 
 652,104 591,913 507,936 Available-for-sale securities (period-end) 203,981 306,352 386,065 Held-to-maturity securities (period end) (a) 
 425,305 363,707 201,821 Investment securities portfolio, net of allowance for credit losses (period end) (b) 
 629,286 670,059 587,886 
 (a) During 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Firm transferred 78.3 billion, 104.5 billion and 164.2 billion of investment securities, respectively, from AFS to HTM for capital management purposes. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the allowance for credit losses on investment securities was 67 million, 42 million and 78 million, respectively. 

80 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

FIRMWIDE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Risk is an inherent part of JPMorgan Chase s business activities. When the Firm extends a consumer or wholesale loan, advises customers and clients on their investment decisions, makes markets in securities, or offers other products or services, the Firm takes on some degree of risk. The Firm s overall objective is to manage its business, and the associated risks, in a manner that balances serving the interests of its clients, customers and investors, and protecting the safety and soundness of the Firm. 
 The Firm believes that effective risk management requires, among other things: 
 Acceptance of responsibility, including identification and escalation of risks by all individuals within the Firm; 
 Ownership of risk identification, assessment, data and management within each of the LOBs and Corporate; and 
 A Firmwide risk governance and oversight structure. 
 The Firm follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework with strong internal governance and independent oversight by the Board of Directors (the Board ). The impact of risk and control issues is carefully considered in the Firm s performance evaluation and incentive compensation processes. 
 Risk governance framework 
 The Firm s risk governance framework involves understanding drivers of risks, types of risks, and impacts of risks. 
 Drivers of risks are factors that cause a risk to exist. Drivers of risks include, but are not limited to, the economic environment, regulatory or government policy, competitor or market evolution, business decisions, process or judgment error, deliberate wrongdoing, dysfunctional markets, and natural disasters. 
 Types of risks are categories by which risks manifest themselves. The Firm s risks are generally categorized in the following four risk types: 
 Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity or reputation associated with poorly designed or failed business plans or inadequate responses to changes in the operating environment. 
 Credit and investment risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer; or loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments, including 

consumer credit risk, wholesale credit risk, and investment portfolio risk. 
 Market risk is the risk associated with the effect of changes in market factors, such as interest and foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit spreads or implied volatilities, on the value of assets and liabilities held for both the short and long term. 
 Operational risk is the risk of an adverse outcome resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems; human factors; or external events impacting the Firm s processes or systems. Operational risk includes compliance, conduct, legal, and estimations and model risk. 
 Impacts of risks are consequences of risks, both quantitative and qualitative. There may be many consequences of risks manifesting, including quantitative impacts such as a reduction in earnings and capital, liquidity outflows, and fines or penalties, or qualitative impacts such as damage to the Firm s reputation, loss of clients and customers, and regulatory and enforcement actions. 
 The Firm s risk governance framework is managed on a Firmwide basis. The Firm has an Independent Risk Management IRM function, which is comprised of Risk Management and Compliance. The Firm s Chief Executive Officer CEO appoints, subject to approval by the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board Risk Committee ), the Firm s Chief Risk Officer CRO to lead the IRM function and maintain the risk governance framework of the Firm. The framework is subject to approval by the Board Risk Committee through its review and approval of the Risk Governance and Oversight Policy. 
 The Firm s CRO oversees and delegates authority to the Firmwide Risk Executives FREs ), the Chief Risk Officers of the LOBs and Corporate LOB CROs ), and the Firm s Chief Compliance Officer CCO ), who, in turn, establish Risk Management and Compliance organizations, develop the Firm s risk governance policies and standards, and define and oversee the implementation of the Firm s risk governance framework. The LOB CROs oversee risks that arise in their LOBs and Corporate, while FREs oversee risks that span across the LOBs and Corporate, functions and regions. Each area of the Firm giving rise to risk is expected to operate within the parameters identified by the IRM function, and within its own management-identified risk and control standards. 
 Three lines of defense 
 The Firm s three lines of defense are as follows: 
 The first line of defense consists of each LOB, Treasury and CIO, and certain Other Corporate initiatives, including their aligned Operations, Technology and Control Management. The first line of defense own the identification of risks within their respective organizations and the design and execution of controls to manage those risks. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 81 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Responsibilities also include adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations and implementation of the risk governance framework established by IRM, which may include policies, standards, limits, thresholds and controls. 
 The second line of defense is the IRM function, which is separate from, and independently assesses and challenges, the first line of defense risk management practices. IRM is also responsible for the identification of risks within its respective organization, adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations and for the development and implementation of policies and standards with respect to its own processes. 
 The third line of defense is Internal Audit, an independent function that provides objective assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of Firmwide processes, controls, governance and risk management. The Internal Audit function is headed by the General Auditor, who reports to the Audit Committee and administratively to the CEO. 
 In addition, there are other functions that contribute to the Firmwide control environment but are not considered part of a particular line of defense, including Finance, Human Resources and Legal. These other functions are responsible for the identification of risks within their respective organizations, adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations and implementation of the risk governance framework established by IRM. 
 Risk identification and ownership 
 The LOBs and Corporate own the identification of risks within their respective organizations, as well as the design and execution of controls, including IRM-specified controls, to manage those risks. To support this activity, the Firm has a risk identification framework designed to facilitate each LOB and Corporate s responsibility to identify material risks inherent to the Firm s business and operational activities, catalog them in a central repository and review material risks on a regular basis. The IRM function reviews and challenges the LOB and Corporate s identified risks, maintains the central repository and provides the consolidated Firmwide results to the Firmwide Risk Committee FRC and the Board Risk Committee. 
 Risk appetite 
 The Firm s overall appetite for risk is governed by Risk Appetite frameworks for quantitative and qualitative risks. Periodically the Firm s risk appetite is set and approved by senior management (including the CEO and CRO) and approved by the Board Risk Committee. Quantitative and qualitative risks are assessed to monitor and measure the Firm s capacity to take risk consistent with its stated risk appetite. Risk appetite results are reported to the Board Risk Committee. 

82 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Risk governance and oversight structure 
 The independent status of the IRM function is supported by a risk governance and oversight structure that provides channels for the escalation of risks and issues to senior management, the FRC, and the Board of Directors, as appropriate. 
 The chart below illustrates the committees of the Board of Directors and key senior management-level committees in the Firm s risk governance and oversight structure. In addition, there are other committees, forums and channels of escalation that support the oversight of risk that are not shown in the chart below or described in this Form 10-K. 
 The Firm s Operating Committee, which consists of the Firm s CEO, CRO, Chief Financial Officer CFO ), General Counsel, CEOs of the LOBs and other senior executives, is accountable to and may refer matters to the Firm s Board of Directors. The Operating Committee is responsible for escalating to the Board the information necessary to facilitate the Board s exercise of its duties. 
 Board oversight 
 The Firm s Board of Directors actively oversees the business and affairs of the Firm. This includes monitoring the Firm s financial performance and condition and reviewing the strategic objectives and plans of the Firm. The Board carries out a significant portion of its oversight responsibilities through its principal standing committees, each of which consists solely of independent members of the Board. The Board Risk Committee is the principal committee that oversees risk matters. The Audit Committee oversees the control environment, and the Compensation Management Development Committee oversees compensation and other management-related matters. Each committee of the Board oversees reputational risks, conduct risks, and ESG matters within its scope of responsibility. 
 The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of management of the bank, which it discharges both acting directly and through the principal standing committees of the Firm s Board of Directors. Risk and control oversight on behalf of JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. is primarily the responsibility of the Board 

Risk Committee and the Audit Committee, respectively, and, with respect to compensation and other management-related matters, the Compensation Management Development Committee. 
 The Board Risk Committee assists the Board in its oversight of management s responsibility to implement a global risk management framework reasonably designed to identify, assess and manage the Firm s risks. The Board Risk Committee s responsibilities include approval of applicable primary risk policies and review of certain associated frameworks, analysis and reporting established by management. Breaches in risk appetite and parameters, issues that may have a material adverse impact on the Firm, including capital and liquidity issues, and other significant risk-related matters are escalated to the Board Risk Committee, as appropriate. 
 The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of management s responsibility to ensure that there is an effective system of controls reasonably designed to safeguard the Firm s assets and income, ensure the integrity of the Firm s financial statements, and maintain compliance with the Firm s ethical standards, policies, plans and procedures, and with laws and regulations. It also assists the Board in its oversight of the qualifications, independence and performance of the Firm s independent registered public accounting firm, and of the performance of the Firm s Internal Audit function. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 83 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 The Compensation Management Development Committee CMDC assists the Board in its oversight of the Firm s compensation principles and practices. The CMDC reviews and approves the Firm s compensation and qualified benefits programs. The Committee reviews the performance of Operating Committee members against their goals, and approves their compensation awards. In addition, the CEO s award is subject to ratification by the independent directors of the Board. The CMDC also reviews the development of and succession for key executives. As part of the Board s role of reinforcing, demonstrating and communicating the tone at the top, the CMDC oversees the Firm s culture, including reviewing updates from management regarding significant conduct issues and any related actions with respect to employees, including compensation actions. 
 The Public Responsibility Committee oversees and reviews the Firm's positions and practices on public responsibility matters such as community investment, fair lending, sustainability, consumer practices and other public policy issues that reflect the Firm's values and character and could impact the Firm's reputation among its stakeholders. The Committee also provides guidance on these matters to management and the Board, as appropriate. 
 The Corporate Governance Nominating Committee exercises general oversight with respect to the governance of the Board of Directors. It reviews the qualifications of and recommends to the Board proposed nominees for election to the Board. The Committee evaluates and recommends to the Board corporate governance practices applicable to the Firm. It also reviews the framework for assessing the Board s performance and self-evaluation. 
 Management oversight 
 The Firm s senior management-level committees that are primarily responsible for key risk-related functions include: 
 The Firmwide Risk Committee FRC is the Firm s highest management-level risk committee. It oversees the risks inherent in the Firm s business and provides a forum for discussion of topics, and issues that are raised or escalated by its members and other committees. 
 The Firmwide Control Committee FCC is an escalation committee for senior management to review and discuss the Firmwide operational risk environment including identified issues, operational risk metrics and significant events that have been escalated. 
 Line of Business and Regional Risk Committees are responsible for overseeing the governance, limits, and controls that have been established within the scope of their respective activities. These committees review the ways in which the particular LOB or the businesses operating in a particular region could be exposed to adverse outcomes, with a focus on identifying, accepting, escalating and/or requiring remediation of matters brought to these committees. 

Line of Business and Corporate Function Control Committees over see the operational risk and control environment of their respective business or function, inclusive of Operational Risk, Compliance and Conduct Risks. As part of that mandate, they are responsible for reviewing indicators of elevated or emerging risks and other data that may impact the level of operational risk in a business or function, addressing key operational risk issues , with an emphasis on processes with control concerns and overseeing control remediation. 
 The Asset and Liability Committee ALCO is responsible for overseeing the Firm s asset and liability management ALM ), including the activities and frameworks supporting management of the balance sheet, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, and capital risk. 
 The Firmwide Valuation Governance Forum VGF is composed of senior finance and risk executives and is responsible for overseeing the management of risks arising from valuation activities conducted across the Firm. 
 Risk governance and oversight functions 
 The Firm manages its risk through risk governance and oversight functions. The scope of a particular function or business activity may include one or more drivers, types and/or impacts of risk. For example, Country Risk Management oversees country risk which may be a driver of risk or an aggregation of exposures that could give rise to multiple risk types such as credit or market risk. 
 The following sections discuss the risk governance and oversight functions that have been established to manage the risks inherent in the Firm s business activities. 
 Risk governance and oversight functions Page Strategic Risk 85 Capital Risk 86-96 Liquidity Risk 97-104 Reputation Risk 105 Consumer Credit Risk 110-115 Wholesale Credit Risk 116-126 Investment Portfolio Risk 130 Market Risk 131-138 Country Risk 139-140 Climate Risk 141 Operational Risk 142-148 Compliance Risk 145 Conduct Risk 146 Legal Risk 147 Estimations and Model Risk 148 

84 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

STRATEGIC RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity or reputation associated with poorly designed or failed business plans or inadequate responses to changes in the operating environment. 
 Management and oversight 
 The Operating Committee, together with the senior leadership of each LOB and Corporate, is responsible for managing the Firm s most significant strategic risks. IRM engages regularly in strategic business discussions and decision-making, including participation in relevant business reviews and senior management meetings, risk and control committees and other relevant governance forums, and acquisition and new business initiative reviews. The Board of Directors oversees management s strategic decisions, and the Board Risk Committee oversees IRM and the Firm s risk governance framework. 
 In the process of developing business plans and strategic initiatives, LOB and Corporate senior management identify the associated risks that are incorporated into the Firmwide Risk Identification framework and their impact on risk appetite. 
 In addition, IRM conducts a qualitative assessment of the LOB and Corporate strategic initiatives to assess their impact on the risk profile of the Firm. 

The Firm s strategic planning process, which includes the development of the Firm s strategic plan and other strategic initiatives, is one component of managing the Firm s strategic risk. The strategic plan outlines the Firm s strategic framework and initiatives, and includes components such as budget, risk appetite, capital, earnings and asset-liability management objectives. Guided by the Firm s How We Do Business Principles, the Operating Committee and senior management teams in each LOB and Corporate review and update the strategic plan periodically, including evaluating the strategic framework and performance against prior-year initiatives, assessing the operating environment, refining existing strategies and developing new strategies. 
 The Firm s strategic plan, together with IRM s assessment, are provided to the Board as part of its review and approval of the Firm s strategic plan, and the plan is also reflected in the Firm's budget. 
 The Firm s balance sheet strategy, which focuses on risk-adjusted returns, strong capital and robust liquidity, is also a component in the management of strategic risk. Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96 for further information on capital risk. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104 for further information on liquidity risk. Refer to Reputation Risk Management on page 105 for further information on reputation risk. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 85 

Management s discussion and analysis 

CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Capital risk is the risk the Firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support the Firm s business activities and associated risks during normal economic environments and under stressed conditions. 
 A strong capital position is essential to the Firm s business strategy and competitive position. Maintaining a strong balance sheet to manage through economic volatility is considered a strategic imperative of the Firm s Board of Directors, CEO and Operating Committee. The Firm s fortress balance sheet philosophy focuses on risk-adjusted returns, strong capital and robust liquidity. The Firm s capital risk management strategy focuses on maintaining long-term stability to enable the Firm to build and invest in market-leading businesses, including in highly stressed environments. Senior management considers the implications on the Firm s capital prior to making significant decisions that could impact future business activities. In addition to considering the Firm s earnings outlook, senior management evaluates all sources and uses of capital with a view to ensuring the Firm s capital strength. 
 Capital risk management 
 The Firm has a Capital Risk Management function whose primary objective is to provide independent oversight of capital risk across the Firm. 
 Capital Risk Management s responsibilities include: 
 Defining, monitoring and reporting capital risk metrics; 
 Establishing, calibrating and monitoring capital risk limits and indicators, including capital risk appetite; 
 Developing a process to classify, monitor and report capital limit breaches; 
 Performing an assessment of the Firm s capital management activities, including changes made to the Contingency Capital Plan described below; and 
 Conducting assessments of the Firm's regulatory capital framework intended to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory capital rules. 
 Capital management 
 Treasury and CIO is responsible for capital management. 
 The primary objectives of the Firm s capital management are to: 
 Maintain sufficient capital in order to continue to build and invest in the Firm s businesses through the cycle and in stressed environments; 
 Retain flexibility to take advantage of future investment opportunities; 
 Promote the Firm s ability to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiaries; 
 Ensure the Firm operates above the minimum regulatory capital ratios as well as maintain well-capitalized status for the Firm and its insured depository institution IDI subsidiaries at all times under applicable regulatory capital requirements; 

Meet capital distribution objectives; and 
 Maintain sufficient capital resources to operate throughout a resolution period in accordance with the Firm s preferred resolution strategy. 
 The Firm addresses these objectives through: 
 Establishing internal minimum capital requirements and maintaining a strong capital governance framework. The internal minimum capital levels consider the Firm s regulatory capital requirements as well as an internal assessment of capital adequacy, in normal economic cycles and in stress events; 
 Retaining flexibility in order to react to a range of potential events; and 
 Regular monitoring of the Firm s capital position and following prescribed escalation protocols, both at the Firm and material legal entity levels. 
 Governance 
 Committees responsible for overseeing the Firm s capital management include the Capital Governance Committee, the Firmwide ALCO and LOB and regional ALCOs, and the CIO, Treasury and Corporate CTC Risk Committee. In addition, the Board Risk Committee periodically reviews the Firm s capital risk tolerance. Refer to Firmwide Risk Management on pages 81-84 for additional discussion of the Firmwide ALCO and other risk-related committees. 
 Capital planning and stress testing 
 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 The Federal Reserve requires large Bank Holding Companies BHCs ), including the Firm, to submit at least annually a capital plan that has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. The Federal Reserve uses Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review CCAR and other stress testing processes to ensure that large BHCs have sufficient capital during periods of economic and financial stress, and have robust, forward-looking capital assessment and planning processes in place that address each BHC s unique risks to enable it to absorb losses under certain stress scenarios. Through CCAR, the Federal Reserve evaluates each BHC s capital adequacy and internal capital adequacy assessment processes ICAAP ), as well as its plans to make capital distributions, such as dividend payments or stock repurchases. The Federal Reserve uses results under the severely adverse scenario from its supervisory stress test to determine each firm s Stress Capital Buffer SCB requirement for the coming year. 
 On June 27, 2022, the Firm announced that it had completed the Federal Reserve's 2022 CCAR stress test process. On August 4, 2022, the Federal Reserve affirmed the Firm's 2022 SCB requirement of 4.0 (up from 3.2 ), and the Firm s Standardized CET1 capital ratio requirement, including regulatory buffers, of 12.0 (up from 11.2 ). The 2022 SCB requirement became effective on October 1, 2022, and will remain in effect until September 30, 2023. 

86 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Refer to Capital actions on page 94 for information on actions taken by the Firm s Board of Directors. 
 Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process 
 Annually, the Firm prepares the ICAAP, which informs the Board of Directors of the ongoing assessment of the Firm s processes for managing the sources and uses of capital as well as compliance with supervisory expectations for capital planning and capital adequacy. The Firm s ICAAP integrates stress testing protocols with capital planning. The Firm s Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the capital planning framework. 
 Stress testing assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on the Firm s earnings and capital. Economic scenarios, and the parameters underlying those scenarios, are defined centrally and applied uniformly across the businesses. These scenarios are articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors, which are key drivers of business results; global market shocks, which generate short-term but severe trading losses; and idiosyncratic operational risk events. The scenarios are intended to capture and stress key vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks facing the Firm. In addition to CCAR and other periodic stress testing, management also considers tailored stress scenarios and sensitivity analyses, as necessary. 
 Contingency Capital Plan 
 The Firm s Contingency Capital Plan establishes the capital management framework for the Firm and specifies the principles underlying the Firm s approach towards capital management in normal economic conditions and in stressed environments. The Contingency Capital Plan defines how the Firm calibrates its targeted capital levels and meets minimum capital requirements, monitors the ongoing appropriateness of planned capital distributions, and sets out the capital contingency actions that are expected to be taken or considered at various levels of capital depletion during a period of stress. 
 Regulatory capital 
 The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements, including well-capitalized standards, for the consolidated financial holding company. The OCC establishes similar minimum capital requirements and standards for the Firm s IDI subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The U.S. capital requirements generally follow the Capital Accord of the Basel Committee, as amended from time to time. 

Basel III Overview 
 The capital rules under Basel III establish minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards for large and internationally active U.S. BHCs and banks, including the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The minimum amount of regulatory capital that must be held by BHCs and banks is determined by calculating RWA, which are on-balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet exposures, weighted according to risk. Two comprehensive approaches are prescribed for calculating RWA: a standardized approach Basel III Standardized ), and an advanced approach Basel III Advanced ). For each of the risk-based capital ratios, the capital adequacy of the Firm is evaluated against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements. The Firm s Basel III Standardized risk-based ratios are currently more binding than the Basel III Advanced risk-based ratios. 
 Basel III establishes capital requirements for calculating credit risk RWA and market risk RWA, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, operational risk RWA. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced. In addition to the RWA calculated under these approaches, the Firm may supplement such amounts to incorporate management judgment and feedback from its regulators. 
 Basel III also includes a requirement for Advanced Approaches banking organizations, including the Firm, to calculate the SLR. Refer to SLR on page 93 for additional information. 
 Key Regulatory Developments 
 CECL regulatory capital transition. 
 Until December 31, 2021, the Firm s capital reflected a two year delay of the effects of CECL provided by the Federal Reserve Board in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Beginning January 1, 2022, the 2.9 billion CECL capital benefit is being phased out at 25 per year over a three-year period. As of December 31, 2022, the Firm s CET1 capital reflected the remaining 2.2 billion benefit associated with the CECL capital transition provisions. 
 Additionally, effective January 1, 2022, the Firm phased out 25 of the other CECL capital transition provisions which impacted Tier 2 capital, adjusted average assets, total leverage exposure and RWA, as applicable. 
 Refer to Note 1 for further information on the CECL accounting guidance. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 87 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Standardized Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk . On January 1, 2022, the Firm adopted Standardized Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk SA-CCR ), which replaced the Current Exposure Method used to measure derivatives counterparty exposure under the Standardized and Advanced approach RWA where internal models are not used, as well as leverage exposure used to calculate the SLR in the regulatory capital framework. The rule issued by the U.S. banking regulators in November 2019 applies to Basel III Advanced Approaches banking organizations, such as the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 The adoption of SA-CCR on January 1, 2022 increased the Firm s Standardized RWA by approximately 40 billion based on the Firm's derivatives exposure as of December 31, 2021, which resulted in a decrease of approximately 30 bps to the Firm's CET1 capital ratio and a modest decrease in its total leverage exposure. In addition, the adoption of SA-CCR increased the Firm's Advanced RWA, but to a lesser extent than Standardized RWA. 

88 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Risk-based Capital Regulatory Requirements 
 The following chart presents the Firm s Basel III CET1 capital ratio requirements under the Basel III rules currently in effect. 
 
 All banking institutions are currently required to have a minimum CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets. 
 Certain banking organizations, including the Firm, are required to hold additional levels of capital to serve as a capital conservation buffer . The capital conservation buffer incorporates a GSIB surcharge, a discretionary countercyclical capital buffer and a fixed capital conservation buffer of 2.5 for Advanced regulatory capital requirements and a variable SCB requirement, floored at 2.5 , for Standardized regulatory capital requirements. 

Under the Federal Reserve s GSIB rule, the Firm is required to assess its GSIB surcharge on an annual basis under two separately prescribed methods based on data for the previous fiscal year-end, and is subject to the higher of the two. Method 1 reflects the GSIB surcharge as prescribed by the Basel Committee s assessment methodology, and is calculated by the Financial Stability Board FSB across five criteria: size, cross-jurisdictional activity, interconnectedness, complexity and substitutability. Method 2 , calculated by the Firm, modifies the Method 1 requirements to include a measure of short-term wholesale funding in place of substitutability, and introduces a GSIB score multiplication factor . 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 89 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 The following table presents the Firm s effective GSIB surcharge for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. For 2023, the Firm s effective GSIB surcharge under Method 1 and Method 2 has increased to 2.5 and 4.0 , respectively. 
 2023 2022 2021 Method 1 2.5 2.0 2.0 Method 2 4.0 3.5 3.5 
 On November 21, 2022, the FSB released its annual GSIB list based upon data as of December 31, 2021, which affirmed the Firm s Method 1 GSIB surcharge of 2.5 (up from 2.0 ), effective January 1, 2023. 
 The Firm s Method 2 surcharge calculated using data as of December 31, 2021 is 4.5 , which will be effective January 1, 2024. The Firm s estimated Method 2 surcharge calculated using data as of December 31, 2022 is 4.5 . Accordingly, based on the GSIB rule currently in effect, the Firm s effective GSIB surcharge is expected to increase to 4.5 on January 1, 2024. 
 The U.S. federal regulatory capital standards include a framework for setting a discretionary countercyclical capital buffer taking into account the macro financial environment in which large, internationally active banks function. As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. countercyclical capital buffer remained at 0 . The Federal Reserve will continue to review the buffer at least annually. The buffer can be increased if the Federal Reserve, FDIC and OCC determine that systemic risks are meaningfully above normal and can be calibrated up to an additional 2.5 of RWA subject to a 12-month implementation period. 
 Failure to maintain regulatory capital equal to or in excess of the risk-based regulatory capital minimum plus the capital conservation buffer (inclusive of the GSIB surcharge) and any countercyclical buffer will result in limitations to the amount of capital that the Firm may distribute, such as through dividends and common share repurchases, as well as certain executive discretionary bonus payments. 
 Risk-based Capital Targets 
 The Firm s current target for its Basel III Standardized CET1 capital ratio is 13.0 for the first quarter of 2023, increasing to 13.5 for the first quarter of 2024 with consideration for an increase in the GSIB surcharge in 2024, and assuming no change in the Stress Capital Buffer. The Firm s quarterly capital ratios may vary from these targets dependent on market conditions. These targets are based on the Basel III capital rules currently in effect. 
 Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
 The Federal Reserve s TLAC rule requires the U.S. GSIB top-tier holding companies, including the Firm, to maintain minimum levels of external TLAC and eligible long-term debt eligible LTD ). Refer to TLAC on page 95 for additional information. 

Leverage-based Capital Regulatory Requirements 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 Banking organizations subject to the Basel III Advanced approach are currently required to have a minimum SLR of 3.0 . Certain banking organizations, including the Firm, are also required to hold an additional 2.0 leverage buffer. 
 The SLR is defined as Tier 1 capital under Basel III divided by the Firm s total leverage exposure. Total leverage exposure is calculated by taking the Firm s total average on-balance sheet assets, less amounts permitted to be deducted for Tier 1 capital, and adding certain off-balance sheet exposures, such as undrawn commitments and derivatives potential future exposure. 
 Failure to maintain an SLR equal to or greater than the regulatory requirement will result in limitations on the amount of capital that the Firm may distribute such as through dividends and common share repurchases, as well as on certain executive discretionary bonus payments. 
 Other regulatory capital 
 In addition to meeting the capital ratio requirements of Basel III, the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries must also maintain minimum capital and leverage ratios in order to be well-capitalized under the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve and the Prompt Corrective Action PCA requirements of the FDIC Improvement Act FDICIA ), respectively. Refer to Note 27 for additional information. 
 Additional information regarding the Firm s capital ratios, as well as the U.S. federal regulatory capital standards to which the Firm is subject, is presented in Note 27. Refer to the Firm s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm s website, for further information on the Firm s Basel III measures. 

90 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

The following tables present the Firm s risk-based capital metrics under both the Basel III Standardized and Advanced approaches and leverage-based capital metrics. Refer to Note 27 for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. s risk-based and leverage-based capital metrics. 
 Standardized Advanced (in millions, except ratios) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Capital ratio requirements (b) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Capital ratio requirements (b) 
 Risk-based capital metrics: (a) 
 CET1 capital 218,934 213,942 218,934 213,942 Tier 1 capital 245,631 246,162 245,631 246,162 Total capital 277,769 274,900 264,583 265,796 Risk-weighted assets 1,653,538 1,638,900 1,609,773 1,547,920 CET1 capital ratio 13.2 13.1 12.0 13.6 13.8 10.5 Tier 1 capital ratio 14.9 15.0 13.5 15.3 15.9 12.0 Total capital ratio 16.8 16.8 15.5 16.4 17.2 14.0 
 (a) The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. 
 (b) Represents minimum requirements and regulatory buffers applicable to the Firm for the period ended December 31, 2022. For the period ended December 31, 2021, the Basel III Standardized CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratio requirements applicable to the Firm were 11.2 , 12.7 , and 14.7 , respectively. Refer to Note 27 for additional information. 
 
 Three months ended (in millions, except ratios) December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Capital ratio requirements (C) 
 Leverage-based capital metrics: (a) 
 Adjusted average assets (b) 
 3,703,873 3,782,035 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.6 6.5 4.0 Total leverage exposure 4,367,092 4,571,789 SLR 5.6 5.4 5.0 
 (a) The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. 
 (b) Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the leverage ratios, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, and other intangible assets. 
 (c) Represents minimum requirements and regulatory buffers applicable to the Firm. Refer to Note 27 for additional information. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 91 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Capital components 
 The following table presents reconciliations of total stockholders equity to Basel III CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total stockholders equity 292,332 294,127 Less: Preferred stock 27,404 34,838 Common stockholders equity 264,928 259,289 Add: Certain deferred tax liabilities (a) 
 2,510 2,499 Other CET1 capital adjustments (b) 
 6,221 3,351 Less: Goodwill 
 53,501 (f) 
 50,315 Other intangible assets 
 1,224 882 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital 
 218,934 213,942 Add: Preferred stock 27,404 34,838 Less: Other Tier 1 adjustments (c) 
 707 2,618 Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital 
 245,631 246,162 Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 capital 
 13,569 14,106 Qualifying allowance for credit losses (d) 
 19,353 15,012 Other 
 (784) (380) Standardized Tier 2 capital 
 32,138 28,738 Standardized Total capital 
 277,769 274,900 Adjustment in qualifying allowance for credit losses for Advanced Tier 2 capital (e) 
 (13,186) (9,104) Advanced Tier 2 capital 
 18,952 19,634 Advanced Total capital 264,583 265,796 
 (a) Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating CET1 capital. 
 (b) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes a net benefit associated with cash flow hedges and debit valuation adjustments ("DVA") related to structured notes recorded in AOCI of 5.2 billion and 1.4 billion and the benefit from the CECL capital transition provisions of 2.2 billion and 2.9 billion, respectively. 
 (c) As of December 31, 2021, Other Tier 1 adjustments included 2.0 billion of Series Z preferred stock called for redemption on December 31, 2021 and subsequently redeemed on February 1, 2022. 
 (d) Represents the allowance for credit losses eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 capital up to 1.25 of credit risk RWA, including the impact of the CECL capital transition provision with any excess deducted from RWA. 
 (e) Represents an adjustment to qualifying allowance for credit losses for the excess of eligible credit reserves over expected credit losses up to 0.6 of credit risk RWA, including the impact of the CECL capital transition provision with any excess deducted from RWA. 
 (f) Goodwill deducted from capital includes goodwill associated with equity method investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions based on regulatory requirements. Refer to Principal investment risk on page 130 for additional information. 

Capital rollforward 
 The following table presents the changes in Basel III CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital at December 31, 2021 213,942 Net income applicable to common equity 36,081 Dividends declared on common stock (11,893) Net purchase of treasury stock 
 (1,921) Changes in additional paid-in capital 
 629 Changes related to AOCI applicable to capital: Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities (11,764) Translation adjustments, net of hedges (a) 
 (611) Fair value hedges 98 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefit OPEB plans (1,241) Changes related to other CET1 capital adjustments (b) 
 (4,386) Change in Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital 4,992 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital at 
 December 31, 2022 
 218,934 Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital at December 31, 2021 246,162 Change in CET1 capital (b) 
 4,992 Redemptions of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock (5,434) Other (89) Change in Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital (531) Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital at December 31, 2022 245,631 Standardized Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2021 28,738 Change in long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 
 (537) Change in qualifying allowance for credit losses (b) 
 4,341 Other 
 (404) Change in Standardized Tier 2 capital 
 3,400 Standardized Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2022 32,138 Standardized Total capital at December 31, 2022 277,769 Advanced Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2021 19,634 Change in long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 
 (537) Change in qualifying allowance for credit losses (b) 
 259 Other 
 (404) Change in Advanced Tier 2 capital 
 (682) Advanced Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2022 18,952 Advanced Total capital at December 31, 2022 264,583 
 (a) Includes foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of related derivatives. 
 (b) Includes the impact of the CECL capital transition provisions. 

92 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

RWA rollforward 
 The following table presents changes in the components of RWA under Basel III Standardized and Advanced approaches for the year ended December 31, 2022. The amounts in the rollforward categories are estimates, based on the predominant driver of the change. 
 Standardized Advanced Year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions) Credit risk RWA (c) 
 Market risk RWA Total RWA Credit risk RWA (c) 
 Market risk RWA Operational risk RWA Total RWA December 31, 2021 1,543,452 95,448 1,638,900 1,047,042 95,506 405,372 1,547,920 Model data changes (a) 
 (7,313) (3,808) (11,121) 966 (3,808) (2,842) Movement in portfolio levels (b) 
 32,397 (6,638) 25,759 30,068 (6,266) 40,893 64,695 Changes in RWA 25,084 (10,446) 14,638 31,034 (10,074) 40,893 61,853 December 31, 2022 1,568,536 85,002 1,653,538 1,078,076 85,432 446,265 1,609,773 
 (a) Model data changes refer to material movements in levels of RWA as a result of revised methodologies and/or treatment per regulatory guidance (exclusive of rule changes). 
 (b) Movement in portfolio levels (inclusive of rule changes) refers to: for Credit risk RWA, impact of SA-CCR adoption on January 1, 2022, changes in book size including position rolloffs in legacy portfolios in Home Lending, changes in composition and credit quality, market movements, and deductions for excess eligible credit reserves not eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 capital; for Market risk RWA, changes in position, market movements, and changes in the Firm s regulatory multiplier from Regulatory VaR backtesting exceptions; and for Operational risk RWA, updates to cumulative losses and macroeconomic model inputs. 
 (c) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Basel III Standardized Credit risk RWA included wholesale and retail off balance-sheet RWA of 210.1 billion and 218.5 billion, respectively; and the Basel III Advanced Credit risk RWA included wholesale and retail off balance-sheet RWA of 180.8 billion and 188.5 billion, respectively. 
 
 Refer to the Firm s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm s website, for further information on Credit risk RWA, Market risk RWA and Operational risk RWA. 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 The following table presents the components of the Firm s SLR. 
 Three months ended 
 (in millions, except ratio) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Tier 1 capital 
 245,631 246,162 Total average assets 3,755,271 3,831,655 Less: Regulatory capital adjustments (a) 
 51,398 49,620 Total adjusted average assets (b) 
 3,703,873 3,782,035 Add: Off-balance sheet exposures (c) 
 663,219 789,754 Total leverage exposure 
 4,367,092 4,571,789 SLR 
 5.6 5.4 
 (a) For purposes of calculating the SLR, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, other intangible assets and adjustments for the CECL capital transition provisions. 
 (b) Adjusted average assets used for the calculation of Tier 1 leverage ratio. 
 (c) Off-balance sheet exposures are calculated as the average of the three month-end spot balances on applicable regulatory exposures during the reporting quarter. Effective January 1, 2022, includes the impact of the SA-CCR adoption. Refer to the Firm s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports for additional information. 

Line of business equity 
 Each business segment is allocated capital by taking into consideration a variety of factors including capital levels of similarly rated peers and applicable regulatory capital requirements. ROE is measured and internal targets for expected returns are established as key measures of a business segment s performance. 
 The Firm s allocation methodology incorporates Basel III Standardized RWA, Basel III Advanced RWA, the GSIB surcharge, and a simulation of capital in a severe stress environment. At least annually, the assumptions, judgments and methodologies used to allocate capital are reassessed and, as a result, the capital allocated to the LOBs may change. As of January 1, 2023, the Firm has changed its line of business capital allocations primarily as a result of updates to the Firm s capital requirements and changes in RWA for each LOB. 
 The following table presents the capital allocated to each business segment. 
 Line of business equity (Allocated capital) December 31, (in billions) January 1, 2023 2022 2021 Consumer Community Banking 52.0 50.0 50.0 Corporate Investment Bank 108.0 103.0 83.0 Commercial Banking 28.5 25.0 24.0 Asset Wealth Management 16.0 17.0 14.0 Corporate 60.4 69.9 88.3 Total common stockholders equity 
 264.9 264.9 259.3 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 93 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Capital actions 
 Common stock dividends 
 The Firm s common stock dividends are planned as part of the Capital Management governance framework in line with the Firm s capital management objectives. 
 The Firm s quarterly common stock dividend is currently 1.00 per share. The Firm s dividends are subject to approval by the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. 
 Refer to Note 21 and Note 26 for information regarding dividend restrictions. 
 The following table shows the common dividend payout ratio based on net income applicable to common equity. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Common dividend payout ratio 33 25 40 
 Common stock 
 Effective May 1, 2022, the Firm is authorized to purchase up to 30 billion of common shares under its common share repurchase program, which superseded the previously approved repurchase program under which the Firm was authorized to purchase up to 30 billion of common shares. 
 On July 14, 2022, the Firm announced that it had temporarily suspended share repurchases in anticipation of the increase in the Firm's regulatory capital requirements. The Firm had set a target for achieving CET1 capital of 13.0 by the first quarter of 2023. The Firm met and exceeded that target in the fourth quarter of 2022, and resumed repurchasing shares under its common share repurchase program in the first quarter of 2023. 
 The following table sets forth the Firm s repurchases of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 (a) 
 2020 (b) 
 Total number of shares of common stock repurchased 
 23.1 119.7 50.0 Aggregate purchase price of common stock repurchases 
 3,122 18,448 6,397 
 (a) As directed by the Federal Reserve, total net repurchases and common stock dividends in the first and second quarter of 2021 were restricted and could not exceed the average of the Firm s net income for the four preceding calendar quarters. Effective July 1, 2021, the Firm became subject to the normal capital distribution restrictions provided under the regulatory capital framework. 
 (b) On March 15, 2020, in response to the economic disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Firm temporarily suspended repurchases of its common stock. Subsequently, the Federal Reserve directed all large banks, including the Firm, to discontinue net share repurchases through the end of 2020. 

The Board of Directors authorization to repurchase common shares is utilized at management s discretion, and the timing of purchases and the exact amount of common shares that may be repurchased is subject to various factors, including market conditions; legal and regulatory considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); internal capital generation; and alternative investment opportunities. The 30 billion common share repurchase program approved by the Board does not establish specific price targets or timetables. The repurchase program may be suspended by management at any time; and may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or utilizing Rule 10b5-1 plans, which are written trading plans that the Firm may enter into from time to time under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and which allow the Firm to repurchase its common shares during periods when it may otherwise not be repurchasing common shares for example, during internal trading blackout periods. 
 Refer to Part II, Item 5: Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities on page 34 of the 2022 Form 10-K for additional information regarding repurchases of the Firm s equity securities. 
 Refer to capital planning and stress testing on pages 86-87 for additional information. 
 Preferred stock 
 Preferred stock dividends declared were 1.6 billion for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Firm redeemed several series of non-cumulative preferred stock. Refer to Note 21 for additional information on the Firm s preferred stock, including the issuance and redemption of preferred stock. 
 Subordinated Debt 
 Refer to Long-term funding and issuance on page 103 and Note 20 for additional information on the Firm s subordinated debt. 

94 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Other capital requirements 
 Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
 The Federal Reserve s TLAC rule requires the U.S. GSIB top-tier holding companies, including the Firm, to maintain minimum levels of external TLAC and eligible long-term debt. 
 The external TLAC requirements and the minimum level of eligible long-term debt requirements are shown below: 
 
 (a) RWA is the greater of Standardized and Advanced compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements. 
 Failure to maintain TLAC equal to or in excess of the regulatory minimum plus applicable buffers will result in limitations on the amount of capital that the Firm may distribute, such as through dividends and common share repurchases, as well as on certain executive discretionary bonus payments. 

The following table presents the eligible external TLAC and eligible LTD amounts, as well as a representation of these amounts as a percentage of the Firm s total RWA and total leverage exposure applying the impact of the CECL capital transition provisions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 (in billions, except ratio) External TLAC LTD External TLAC LTD Total eligible amount 486.0 228.5 464.6 210.4 of RWA 29.4 13.8 28.4 12.8 Regulatory requirements 22.5 9.5 22.5 9.5 Surplus/(shortfall) 114.0 71.4 95.9 54.7 of total leverage exposure 11.1 5.2 10.2 4.6 Regulatory requirements 9.5 4.5 9.5 4.5 Surplus/(shortfall) 71.2 32.0 30.3 4.6 
 As of January 1, 2023, the regulatory requirement for TLAC to RWA and LTD to RWA ratios has increased by 50 bps to 23.0 and 10.0 , respectively, due to the increase in the Firm s GSIB requirements . Refer to Risk-based Capital Regulatory Requirements on pages 89-90 for further information on the GSIB surcharge. 
 Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104 for further information on long-term debt issued by the Parent Company. 
 Refer to Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors on pages 9-32 of the 2022 Form 10-K for information on the financial consequences to holders of the Firm s debt and equity securities in a resolution scenario. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 95 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 U.S. broker-dealer regulatory capital 
 J.P. Morgan Securities 
 JPMorgan Chase s principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities. J.P. Morgan Securities is subject to the regulatory capital requirements of Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Net Capital Rule ). J.P. Morgan Securities is also registered as a futures commission merchant and is subject to regulatory capital requirements, including those imposed by the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and the National Futures Association NFA ). 
 J.P. Morgan Securities has elected to compute its minimum net capital requirements in accordance with the Alternative Net Capital Requirements of the Net Capital Rule. 
 The following table presents J.P. Morgan Securities net capital: 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions) Actual Minimum Net Capital 
 24,989 5,628 
 J.P. Morgan Securities is registered with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer and with the CFTC as a swap dealer . As a result of additional SEC and CFTC capital and financial reporting requirements for security-based swap dealers and swap dealers, J.P. Morgan Securities is subject to alternative minimum net capital requirements and required to hold tentative net capital in excess of 5.0 billion. J.P. Morgan Securities is also required to notify the SEC and CFTC in the event that its tentative net capital is less than 6.0 billion. Tentative net capital is net capital before deducting market and credit risk charges as defined by the Net Capital Rule. As of December 31, 2022, J.P. Morgan Securities maintained tentative net capital in excess of the minimum and notification requirements. 
 
 Non-U.S. subsidiary regulatory capital 
 J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 J.P. Morgan Securities plc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and has authority to engage in banking, investment banking and broker-dealer activities. J.P. Morgan Securities plc is jointly regulated in the U.K. by the Prudential Regulation Authority PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ). J.P. Morgan Securities plc is subject to the European Union EU Capital Requirements Regulation CRR ), as adopted in the U.K., and the PRA capital rules, each of which have implemented Basel III and thereby subject J.P. Morgan Securities plc to its requirements. 
 The Bank of England requires that U.K. banks, including U.K. regulated subsidiaries of overseas groups, maintain minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities MREL ). As of December 31, 2022, J.P. Morgan Securities plc was compliant with its MREL requirements, which became fully phased-in on January 1, 2022. 

Effective January 1, 2023, J.P. Morgan Securities plc was required to meet the minimum leverage capital requirement established by the PRA of 3.25 , plus regulatory buffers. As of December 31, 2022, J.P. Morgan Securities plc was compliant with its leverage requirements. 
 The following table presents J.P. Morgan Securities plc s capital metrics: 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions, except ratios) Actual Regulatory Minimum ratios (a) 
 Total capital 54,218 CET1 capital ratio 22.4 4.5 Tier 1 capital ratio 25.4 6.0 Total capital ratio 32.6 8.0 
 (a) Represents minimum Pillar 1 requirements specified by the PRA. J.P. Morgan Securities plc's capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 exceeded the minimum requirements, including the additional capital requirements specified by the PRA. 
 J.P. Morgan SE 
 JPMSE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and has authority to engage in banking, investment banking and markets activities. JPMSE is regulated by the European Central Bank as well as the local regulators in each of the countries in which it operates, and it is subject to EU capital requirements under Basel III. 
 JPMSE is required by the EU Single Resolution Board to maintain MREL. As of December 31, 2022, JPMSE was compliant with its MREL requirements. 
 The following table presents JPMSE s capital metrics: 
 December 31, 2022 Regulatory Minimum ratios (a) 
 (in millions, except ratios) Actual Total capital 38,879 CET1 capital ratio 19.7 4.5 Tier 1 capital ratio 19.7 6.0 Total capital ratio 33.8 8.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.0 3.0 
 (a) Represents minimum Pillar 1 requirements specified by the EU CRR. J.P. Morgan SE s capital and leverage ratios as of December 31, 2022 exceeded the minimum requirements, including the additional capital requirements specified by the European Banking Authority. 

96 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Firm will be unable to meet its contractual and contingent financial obligations as they arise or that it does not have the appropriate amount, composition and tenor of funding and liquidity to support its assets and liabilities. 
 Liquidity risk management 
 The Firm has a Liquidity Risk Management LRM function whose primary objective is to provide independent oversight of liquidity risk across the Firm. Liquidity Risk Management s responsibilities include: 
 Defining, monitoring and reporting liquidity risk metrics; 
 Independently establishing and monitoring limits and indicators, including liquidity risk appetite; 
 Developing a process to classify, monitor and report limit breaches; 
 Performing an independent review of liquidity risk management processes to evaluate their adequacy and effectiveness based on LRM s Independent Review Framework; 
 Monitoring and reporting internal Firmwide and legal entity liquidity stress tests, regulatory defined metrics, as well as liquidity positions, balance sheet variances and funding activities; and 
 Approving or escalating for review new or updated liquidity stress assumptions. 
 Liquidity management 
 Treasury and CIO is responsible for liquidity management. 
 The primary objectives of the Firm s liquidity management are to: 
 Ensure that the Firm s core businesses and material legal entities are able to operate in support of client needs and meet contractual and contingent financial obligations through normal economic cycles as well as during stress events, and 
 Manage an optimal funding mix and availability of liquidity sources. 
 The Firm addresses these objectives through: 
 Analyzing and understanding the liquidity characteristics of the assets and liabilities of the Firm, LOBs and legal entities, taking into account legal, regulatory, and operational restrictions; 
 Developing internal liquidity stress testing assumptions; 
 Defining and monitoring Firmwide and legal entity-specific liquidity strategies, policies, reporting and contingency funding plans; 
 Managing liquidity within the Firm s approved liquidity risk appetite tolerances and limits; 
 Managing compliance with regulatory requirements related to funding and liquidity risk; and 
 Setting FTP in accordance with underlying liquidity characteristics of balance sheet assets and liabilities as well as certain off-balance sheet items. 

As part of the Firm s overall liquidity management strategy, the Firm manages liquidity and funding using a centralized, global approach designed to: 
 Optimize liquidity sources and uses; 
 Monitor exposures; 
 Identify constraints on the transfer of liquidity between the Firm s legal entities; and 
 Maintain the appropriate amount of surplus liquidity at a Firmwide and legal entity level, where relevant. 
 Governance 
 Committees responsible for liquidity governance include the Firmwide ALCO as well as LOB and regional ALCOs, the Treasurer Committee, and the CTC Risk Committee. In addition, the Board Risk Committee reviews and recommends to the Board of Directors, for formal approval, the Firm s liquidity risk tolerances, liquidity strategy, and liquidity policy. Refer to Firmwide Risk Management on pages 81-84 for further discussion of ALCO and other risk-related committees. 
 Internal stress testing 
 Liquidity stress tests are intended to ensure that the Firm has sufficient liquidity under a variety of adverse scenarios, including scenarios analyzed as part of the Firm s resolution and recovery planning. Stress scenarios are produced for JPMorgan Chase Co. Parent Company and the Firm s material legal entities on a regular basis, and other stress tests are performed in response to specific market events or concerns. Liquidity stress tests assume all of the Firm s contractual financial obligations are met and take into consideration: 
 Varying levels of access to unsecured and secured funding markets; 
 Estimated non-contractual and contingent cash outflows; 
 Considerations of credit rating downgrades; 
 Collateral haircuts; and 
 Potential impediments to the availability and transferability of liquidity between jurisdictions and material legal entities such as regulatory, legal or other restrictions. 
 Liquidity outflows are modeled across a range of time horizons and currency dimensions and contemplate both market and idiosyncratic stresses. 
 Results of stress tests are considered in the formulation of the Firm s funding plan and assessment of its liquidity position. The Parent Company acts as a source of funding for the Firm through equity and long-term debt issuances, and its intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC (the IHC ), provides funding support to the ongoing operations of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries. The Firm maintains liquidity at the Parent Company, the IHC, and operating subsidiaries at levels sufficient to comply with liquidity risk tolerances and 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 97 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 minimum liquidity requirements, and to manage through periods of stress when access to normal funding sources may be disrupted. 
 Contingency funding plan 
 The Firm s Contingency Funding Plan CFP sets out the strategies for addressing and managing liquidity resource needs during a liquidity stress event and incorporates liquidity risk limits, indicators and risk appetite tolerances. The CFP also identifies the alternative contingent funding and liquidity resources available to the Firm and its legal entities in a period of stress. 
 LCR and HQLA 
 The LCR rule requires that the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintain an amount of eligible HQLA that is sufficient to meet their respective estimated total net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period of significant stress. Eligible HQLA, for purposes of calculating the LCR, is the amount of unencumbered HQLA that satisfy certain operational considerations as defined in the LCR rule. HQLA primarily consist of cash and certain high-quality liquid securities as defined in the LCR rule. 
 Under the LCR rule, the amount of eligible HQLA held by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that is in excess of its stand-alone 100 minimum LCR requirement, and that is not transferable to non-bank affiliates, must be excluded from the Firm s reported eligible HQLA. 
 Estimated net cash outflows are based on standardized stress outflow and inflow rates prescribed in the LCR rule, which are applied to the balances of the Firm s assets, sources of funds, and obligations. The LCR for both the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is required to be a minimum of 100 . 
 The following table summarizes the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. s average LCR for the three months ended December 31, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 based on the Firm s interpretation of the LCR framework. 
 Three months ended Average amount (in millions) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2021 JPMorgan Chase Co.: 
 HQLA Eligible cash (a) 
 542,847 589,158 703,384 Eligible securities (b)(c) 
 190,201 126,913 34,738 Total HQLA (d) 
 733,048 716,071 738,122 Net cash outflows 652,580 635,072 664,801 LCR 112 113 111 Net excess eligible HQLA (d) 
 80,468 80,999 73,321 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.: 
 LCR 151 165 178 Net excess eligible HQLA 356,733 450,260 555,300 
 (a) Represents cash on deposit at central banks, primarily the Federal Reserve Banks. 

(b) Predominantly U.S. Treasuries, U.S. GSE and government agency MBS, and sovereign bonds net of applicable haircuts under the LCR rule. 
 (c) Eligible HQLA securities may be reported in securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements, trading assets, or investment securities on the Firm s Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (d) Excludes average excess eligible HQLA at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that are not transferable to non-bank affiliates. 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.'s average LCR decreased during the three months ended December 31, 2022, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2022 reflecting a decrease in JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. s HQLA, primarily due to a reduction in cash associated with a decline in deposits, and loan growth. 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. s average LCR for the three months ended December 31, 2022 decreased when compared with the same period in the prior year, reflecting a decrease in JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. s HQLA as a result of a reduction in cash from loan growth and a decline in deposits as well as lower market values of HQLA-eligible investment securities. Refer to Note 10 for additional information on the Firm's investment securities portfolio. 
 The Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.'s average LCR fluctuates from period to period due to changes in its eligible HQLA and estimated net cash outflows as a result of ongoing business activity. Refer to the Firm s U.S. LCR Disclosure reports, which are available on the Firm s website, for a further discussion of the Firm s LCR. 
 Other liquidity sources 
 In addition to the assets reported in the Firm s eligible HQLA discussed above, the Firm had unencumbered marketable securities, such as equity and debt securities, that the Firm believes would be available to raise liquidity. This includes excess eligible HQLA securities at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that are not transferable to non-bank affiliates. The fair value of these securities was approximately 694 billion and 914 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, although the amount of liquidity that could be raised at any particular time would be dependent on prevailing market conditions. The fair value decreased compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in excess eligible HQLA securities at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as noted above. 
 The Firm also had available borrowing capacity at the FHLBs and the discount window at the Federal Reserve Banks as a result of collateral pledged by the Firm to such banks of approximately 323 billion and 308 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This borrowing capacity excludes the benefit of cash and securities reported in the Firm s eligible HQLA or other unencumbered securities that are currently pledged at the Federal Reserve Banks discount window and other central banks. Available borrowing capacity increased from December 31, 2021 primarily due to increased credit card receivables pledged at the Federal Reserve Banks. Although available, the Firm does not view this borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Banks discount window and the other central banks as a primary source of liquidity. 

98 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

NSFR 
 The net stable funding ratio NSFR is a liquidity requirement for large banking organizations that is intended to measure the adequacy of available stable funding that is sufficient to meet their required amounts of stable funding over a one-year horizon. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. were compliant with the 100 minimum NSFR requirement, based on the Firm s current interpretation of the final rule. The Firm will be required to publicly disclose its quarterly average NSFR semiannually beginning in the second half of 2023. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 99 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Funding 
 Sources of funds 
 Management believes that the Firm s unsecured and secured funding capacity is sufficient to meet its on- and off-balance sheet obligations, which includes both short- and long-term cash requirements. 
 The Firm funds its global balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including stable deposits, secured and unsecured funding in the capital markets and stockholders equity. Deposits are the primary funding source for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may access funding through short- or long-term secured borrowings, through the issuance of unsecured 

long-term debt, or from borrowings from the IHC. The Firm s non-bank subsidiaries are primarily funded from long-term unsecured borrowings and short-term secured borrowings which are primarily securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements. Excess funding is invested by Treasury and CIO in the Firm s investment securities portfolio or deployed in cash or other short-term liquid investments based on their interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics. 
 Refer to Note 28 for additional information on off balance sheet obligations. 

Deposits 
 The table below summarizes, by LOB and Corporate, the period-end and average deposit balances as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of or for the year ended December 31, Average (in millions) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Consumer Community Banking 
 1,131,611 1,148,110 1,162,680 1,054,956 Corporate Investment Bank 
 689,893 707,791 739,700 760,048 Commercial Banking 
 271,342 323,954 294,180 301,343 Asset Wealth Management 
 233,130 282,052 261,489 230,296 Corporate 
 14,203 396 9,866 511 Total Firm 2,340,179 2,462,303 2,467,915 2,347,154 
 Deposits provide a stable source of funding and reduce the Firm s reliance on the wholesale funding markets. A significant portion of the Firm s deposits are consumer deposits and wholesale operating deposits, which are both considered to be stable sources of liquidity. Wholesale operating deposits are considered to be stable sources of liquidity because they are generated from customers that maintain operating service relationships with the Firm. 
 The Firm believes that average deposit balances are generally more representative of deposit trends than period-end deposit balances. However, during periods of market disruption those trends could be affected. 
 Average deposits were higher for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting: 
 growth in CCB from existing and new accounts across both consumer and small business customers, partially offset by a decline in deposits starting in the second half of 2022, impacted by growth in customer spending, and 
 net inflows in AWM resulting from the residual effects of certain government actions, partially offset by migration into investments starting in the second quarter of 2022 as a result of the rising interest rate environment 
 partially offset by 
 lower average deposits in CIB and CB due to attrition, also as a result of the rising interest rate environment. 

Period-end deposits decreased reflecting: 
 attrition in CB and CIB, particularly non-operating deposits in CB, partially offset by net issuances of structured notes in Markets, 
 net outflows into investments in AWM amid the rising interest rate environment, and 
 a decline in balances in existing accounts in CCB due to higher customer spending, predominantly offset by net inflows into new accounts. 
 The increase in deposits for both spot and averages in Corporate was driven by the Firm's international consumer growth initiatives. 
 Refer to the discussion of the Firm s Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis and the Business Segment Results on pages 55-56 and pages 61-80, respectively, for further information on deposit and liability balance trends. 
 Certain deposits are covered by insurance protection that provides additional funding stability and results in a benefit to the LCR. Deposit insurance protection may be available to depositors in the countries in which the deposits are placed. For example, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC provides deposit insurance protection for deposits placed in a U.S. depository institution. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Firmwide estimated uninsured deposits were 1,383.7 billion and 1,489.6 billion, respectively, primarily reflecting wholesale operating deposits. 

100 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Total uninsured deposits include time deposits. The table below presents an estimate of uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. time deposits, and their remaining maturities. The Firm s estimates of its uninsured U.S. time deposits are based on data that the Firm calculates periodically under applicable FDIC regulations. For purposes of this presentation, all non-U.S. time deposits are deemed to be uninsured. 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. Three months or less 43,513 68,765 29,359 49,342 Over three months but within 6 months 8,670 3,658 6,235 2,172 Over six months but within 12 months 7,035 2,850 913 459 Over 12 months 787 2,634 526 2,562 Total 60,005 77,907 37,033 54,535 

The table below shows the loan and deposit balances, the loans-to-deposits ratios, and deposits as a percentage of total liabilities, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, (in billions except ratios) 2022 2021 Deposits 
 2,340.2 2,462.3 Deposits as a of total liabilities 
 69 71 Loans 
 1,135.6 1,077.7 Loans-to-deposits ratio 
 49 44 

The following table provides a summary of the average balances and average interest rates of JPMorgan Chase s deposits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 (Unaudited) Year ended December 31, Average balances Average interest rates (in millions, except interest rates) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 U.S. offices Noninterest-bearing 691,206 648,170 (c) 
 495,722 NA NA NA Interest-bearing Demand (a) 
 324,512 322,122 (c) 
 269,888 0.92 0.06 0.25 Savings (b) 
 971,788 930,866 (c) 
 739,916 0.28 0.06 0.13 Time 62,022 48,628 59,053 2.07 0.26 1.10 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,358,322 1,301,616 1,068,857 0.52 0.07 0.21 Total deposits in U.S. offices 2,049,528 1,949,786 1,564,579 0.34 0.05 0.15 Non-U.S. offices Noninterest-bearing 28,043 26,315 21,805 NA NA NA Interest-bearing Demand 324,740 313,304 267,545 0.57 
 (0.10) Time 65,604 57,749 52,822 1.85 
 (0.09) 0.13 Total interest-bearing deposits 390,344 371,053 320,367 0.78 (0.10) 0.02 Total deposits in non-U.S. offices 418,387 397,368 342,172 0.73 (0.09) 0.02 Total deposits 2,467,915 2,347,154 1,906,751 0.41 0.02 0.12 

(a) Includes Negotiable Order of Withdrawal NOW accounts, and certain trust accounts. 
 (b) Includes Money Market Deposit Accounts MMDAs ). 
 (c) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 
 Refer to Note 17 for additional information on deposits. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 101 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 The following table summarizes short-term and long-term funding, excluding deposits, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and average balances for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on pages 55-56 and Note 11 for additional information. 
 Sources of funds (excluding deposits) As of or for the year ended December 31, Average (in millions) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Commercial paper 12,557 15,108 16,151 12,285 Other borrowed funds 8,418 9,999 12,250 12,903 Federal funds purchased 1,684 1,769 1,567 2,197 Total short-term unsecured funding 
 22,659 26,876 29,968 27,385 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (a) 
 198,382 189,806 236,192 250,229 Securities loaned (a) 
 2,547 2,765 5,003 6,876 Other borrowed funds 23,052 28,487 25,211 
 28,138 
 Obligations of Firm-administered multi-seller conduits (b) 
 9,236 6,198 7,387 9,283 Total short-term secured funding 
 233,217 227,256 273,793 294,526 Senior notes 188,025 191,488 189,047 181,290 Subordinated debt 21,803 20,531 20,125 20,877 Structured notes (c) 
 70,839 73,956 68,656 75,152 Total long-term unsecured funding 280,667 285,975 277,828 277,319 Credit card securitization (b) 
 1,999 2,397 1,950 3,156 FHLB advances 11,093 11,110 11,103 12,174 Other long-term secured funding (d) 
 4,105 3,920 3,837 4,384 Total long-term secured funding 17,197 17,427 16,890 19,714 Preferred stock (e) 
 27,404 34,838 31,893 33,027 Common stockholders equity (e) 
 264,928 259,289 253,068 250,968 
 (a) Primarily consists of short-term securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 (b) Included in beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities on the Firm s Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (c) Includes certain TLAC-eligible long-term unsecured debt issued by the Parent Company. 
 (d) Includes long-term structured notes which are secured. 
 (e) Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96, Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity on page 162, Note 21 and Note 22 for additional information on preferred stock and common stockholders equity. 
 Short-term funding 
 The Firm s sources of short-term secured funding primarily consist of securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. These instruments are secured predominantly by high-quality securities collateral, including government-issued debt and U.S. GSE and government agency MBS. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase increased at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, due to higher secured financing of trading assets in Markets, partially offset by lower secured financing of AFS investment securities in Treasury and CIO. 
 The balances associated with securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase fluctuate over time due to investment and financing activities of clients, the Firm s demand for financing, the ongoing management of the mix of the Firm s liabilities, including its secured and unsecured financing (for both the investment securities and market-making portfolios), and other market and portfolio factors. 

The Firm s sources of short-term unsecured funding primarily consist of issuances of wholesale commercial paper and other borrowed funds. 
 The decrease in period-end commercial paper and the increase in average balances for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the respective prior year periods, was due to changes in net issuance levels primarily for short-term liquidity management. 

102 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Long-term funding and issuance 

Long-term funding provides an additional source of stable funding and liquidity for the Firm. The Firm s long-term funding plan is driven primarily by expected client activity, liquidity considerations, and regulatory requirements, including TLAC. Long-term funding objectives include maintaining diversification, maximizing market access and optimizing funding costs. The Firm evaluates various funding markets, tenors and currencies in creating its optimal long-term funding plan. 
 The significant majority of the Firm s long-term unsecured funding is issued by the Parent Company to provide flexibility in support of the funding needs of both bank and non-bank subsidiaries. The Parent Company advances substantially all net funding proceeds to its subsidiary, the IHC. The IHC does not issue debt to external counterparties. The following table summarizes long-term unsecured issuance and maturities or redemptions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 20 for additional information on the IHC and long-term debt. 
 Long-term unsecured funding Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (Notional in millions) Parent Company Subsidiaries Issuance Senior notes issued in the U.S. market 32,600 39,500 Senior notes issued in non-U.S. markets 2,752 5,581 Total senior notes 35,352 45,081 Subordinated debt 3,500 Structured notes (a) 
 2,535 4,113 35,577 32,714 Total long-term unsecured funding issuance 
 41,387 49,194 35,577 32,714 Maturities/redemptions Senior notes 16,700 10,840 65 65 Subordinated debt 9 Structured notes 1,594 4,694 25,481 33,023 Total long-term unsecured funding maturities/redemptions 
 18,294 15,543 25,546 33,088 
 (a) Includes certain TLAC-eligible long-term unsecured debt issued by the Parent Company. 
 
 The Firm can also raise secured long-term funding through securitization of consumer credit card loans and FHLB advances. The following table summarizes the securitization issuance and FHLB advances and their respective maturities or redemptions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Long-term secured funding Year ended December 31, Issuance Maturities/Redemptions (in millions) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Credit card securitization 
 999 1,400 2,550 FHLB advances 14 3,011 Other long-term secured funding (a) 
 476 525 268 741 Total long-term secured funding 
 1,475 525 1,682 6,302 
 (a) Includes long-term structured notes that are secured. 
 The Firm s wholesale businesses also securitize loans for client-driven transactions; those client-driven loan securitizations are not considered to be a source of funding for the Firm and are not included in the table above. Refer to Note 14 for a further description of client-driven loan securitizations. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 103 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Credit ratings 
 The cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings. Reductions in these ratings could have an adverse effect on the Firm s access to liquidity sources, increase the cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to the Firm. The nature and magnitude of the impact of ratings downgrades depends on numerous contractual and behavioral factors, 
 which the Firm believes are incorporated in its liquidity risk and stress testing metrics. The Firm believes that it 

maintains sufficient liquidity to withstand a potential decrease in funding capacity due to ratings downgrades. 
 Additionally, the Firm s funding requirements for VIEs and other third-party commitments may be adversely affected by a decline in credit ratings. Refer to liquidity risk and credit-related contingent features in Note 5 for additional information on the impact of a credit ratings downgrade on the funding requirements for VIEs, and on derivatives and collateral agreements. 

The credit ratings of the Parent Company and the Firm s principal bank and non-bank subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, were as follows: 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
 J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 J.P. Morgan SE (a) 
 December 31, 2022 Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook Moody s Investors Service A1 P-1 Stable Aa2 P-1 Stable Aa3 P-1 Stable Standard Poor s A- A-2 Positive A+ A-1 Positive A+ A-1 Positive Fitch Ratings AA- F1+ Stable AA F1+ Stable AA F1+ Stable 
 (a) In January 2022, the three rating agencies affirmed the credit ratings of J.P. Morgan SE, which are equivalent to the ratings previously assigned to J.P. Morgan SE's predecessors, J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A. and J.P. Morgan AG. 
 
 On September 29, 2022, Moody s upgraded the Parent Company s long-term issuer rating to A1 (previously A2) and changed the long-term outlook to stable (previously positive). All other ratings and outlooks of the Parent Company and those of the Firm's principal bank and non-bank subsidiaries were affirmed by Moody's. 
 JPMorgan Chase s unsecured debt does not contain requirements that would call for an acceleration of payments, maturities or changes in the structure of the existing debt, provide any limitations on future borrowings or require additional collateral, based on unfavorable changes in the Firm s credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings, or stock price. 

Critical factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong capital and liquidity ratios, strong credit quality and risk management controls, and diverse funding sources. Rating agencies continue to evaluate economic and geopolitical trends, regulatory developments, future profitability, risk management practices, and litigation matters, as well as their broader ratings methodologies. Changes in any of these factors could lead to changes in the Firm s credit ratings. 

104 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

REPUTATION RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Reputation risk is the risk that an action or inaction may negatively impact perception of the Firm s integrity and reduce confidence in the Firm s competence by various constituents, including clients, counterparties, customers, investors, regulators, employees, communities or the broader public. 
 Organization and management 
 Reputation Risk Management establishes the governance framework for managing reputation risk across the Firm s LOBs and Corporate. Reputation risk is inherently challenging to identify, manage, and quantify. 
 The Firm s reputation risk management function includes the following activities: 
 Maintaining a Firmwide Reputation Risk Governance policy and a standard consistent with the reputation risk framework 
 Overseeing the governance execution through processes and infrastructure that support consistent identification, escalation, management and monitoring of reputation risk issues Firmwide 
 The types of events that result in reputation risk are wide-ranging and may be introduced by the Firm s employees and the clients, customers and counterparties with which the Firm does business. These events could result in financial losses, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, penalties or other sanctions, as well as other harm to the Firm. 

Governance and oversight 
 The Reputation Risk Governance policy establishes the principles for managing reputation risk for the Firm. It is the responsibility of employees in each LOB and Corporate to consider the reputation of the Firm when deciding whether to offer a new product, engage in a transaction or client relationship, enter a new jurisdiction, initiate a business process or consider any other activity. Environmental impacts and social concerns are increasingly important considerations in assessing the Firm s reputation risk, and are a component of the Firm s reputation risk governance. 
 Reputation risk issues that are deemed to be material are escalated as appropriate. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 105 

Management s discussion and analysis 

CREDIT AND INVESTMENT RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Credit and investment risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer; or loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments, including consumer credit risk, wholesale credit risk, and investment portfolio risk. 
 Credit risk management 
 Credit risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer. The Firm provides credit to a variety of clients and customers, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to individual consumers and small businesses. In its consumer businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk primarily through its home lending, credit card, auto, and business banking businesses. In its wholesale businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk through its underwriting, lending, market-making, and hedging activities with and for clients and counterparties, as well as through its operating services activities (such as cash management and clearing activities), and securities financing activities. The Firm is also exposed to credit risk through its investment securities portfolio and cash placed with banks. 
 Credit Risk Management monitors, measures and manages credit risk throughout the Firm and defines credit risk policies and procedures. The Firm s credit risk management governance includes the following activities: 
 Maintaining a credit risk policy framework 
 Monitoring, measuring and managing credit risk across all portfolio segments, including transaction and exposure approval 
 Setting industry and geographic concentration limits, as appropriate, and establishing underwriting guidelines 
 Assigning and managing credit authorities in connection with the approval of credit exposure 
 Managing criticized exposures and delinquent loans, and 
 Estimating credit losses and supporting appropriate credit risk-based capital management 

Risk identification and measurement 
 To measure credit risk, the Firm employs several methodologies for estimating the likelihood of obligor or counterparty default. Methodologies for measuring credit risk vary depending on several factors, including type of asset (e.g., consumer versus wholesale), risk measurement parameters (e.g., delinquency status and borrower s credit score versus wholesale risk-rating) and risk management and collection processes (e.g., retail collection center versus centrally managed workout groups). Credit risk measurement is based on the probability of default of an obligor or counterparty, the loss severity given a default event and the exposure at default. 
 Based on these factors and the methodology and estimates described in Note 13 and Note 10, the Firm estimates credit losses for its exposures. The allowance for loan losses reflects estimated credit losses related to the consumer and wholesale held-for-investment loan portfolios, the allowance for lending-related commitments reflects estimated credit losses related to the Firm s lending-related commitments and the allowance for investment securities reflects estimated credit losses related to the investment securities portfolio. Refer to Note 13, Note 10 and Critical Accounting Estimates used by the Firm on pages 149-152 for further information. 
 In addition, potential and unexpected credit losses are reflected in the allocation of credit risk capital and represent the potential volatility of actual losses relative to the established allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments. The analyses for these losses include stress testing that considers alternative economic scenarios as described below. 
 Stress testing 
 Stress testing is important in measuring and managing credit risk in the Firm s credit portfolio. The stress testing process assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on estimated credit losses for the Firm. Economic scenarios and the underlying parameters are defined centrally, articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors and applied across the businesses. The stress test results may indicate credit migration, changes in delinquency trends and potential losses in the credit portfolio. In addition to the periodic stress testing processes, management also considers additional stresses outside these scenarios, including industry and country- specific stress scenarios, as necessary. The Firm uses stress testing to inform decisions on setting risk appetite both at a Firm and LOB level, as well as to assess the impact of stress on individual counterparties. 

106 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Risk monitoring and management 
 The Firm has developed policies and practices that are designed to preserve the independence and integrity of the approval and decision-making process for extending credit so that credit risks are assessed accurately, approved properly, monitored regularly and managed actively at both the transaction and portfolio levels. The policy framework establishes credit approval authorities, concentration limits, risk-rating methodologies, portfolio review parameters and guidelines for management of distressed exposures. In addition, certain models, assumptions and inputs used in evaluating and monitoring credit risk are independently validated by groups that are separate from the LOBs. 
 Consumer credit risk is monitored for delinquency and other trends, including any concentrations at the portfolio level, as certain of these trends can be addressed through changes in underwriting policies and portfolio guidelines. Consumer Risk Management evaluates delinquency and other trends against business expectations, current and forecasted economic conditions, and industry benchmarks. Historical and forecasted economic performance and trends are incorporated into the modeling of estimated consumer credit losses and are part of the monitoring of the credit risk profile of the portfolio. 
 Wholesale credit risk is monitored regularly at an aggregate portfolio, industry, and individual client and counterparty level with established concentration limits that are reviewed and revised periodically as deemed appropriate by management. Industry and counterparty limits, as measured in terms of exposure and economic risk appetite, are subject to stress-based loss constraints. Wrong-way risk is the risk that exposure to a counterparty is positively correlated with the impact of a default by the same counterparty, which could cause exposure to increase at the same time as the counterparty s capacity to meet its obligations is decreasing. 
 Management of the Firm s wholesale credit risk exposure is accomplished through a number of means, including: 
 Loan underwriting and credit approval processes 
 Loan syndications and participations 
 Loan sales and securitizations 
 Credit derivatives 
 Master netting agreements, and 
 Collateral and other risk-reduction techniques 

In addition to Credit Risk Management, an independent Credit Review function is responsible for: 
 I ndependently validating or changing the risk grades assigned to exposures in the Firm s wholesale credit portfolio, and assessing the timeliness of risk grade changes initiated by responsible business units; and 
 Evaluating the effectiveness of the credit management processes of the LOBs and Corporate, including the adequacy of credit analyses and risk grading/loss given default LGD rationales, proper monitoring and management of credit exposures, and compliance with applicable grading policies and underwriting guidelines. 
 Refer to Note 12 for further discussion of consumer and wholesale loans. 
 Risk reporting 
 To enable monitoring of credit risk and effective decision-making, aggregate credit exposure, credit quality forecasts, concentration levels and risk profile changes are reported regularly to senior members of Credit Risk Management. Detailed portfolio reporting of industry, clients, counterparties and customers, product and geography are prepared, and the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by senior management at least on a quarterly basis. Through the risk reporting and governance structure, credit risk trends and limit exceptions are provided regularly to, and discussed with, risk committees, senior management and the Board of Directors. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 107 

Management s discussion and analysis 

CREDIT PORTFOLIO 
 Credit risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer. 
 In the following tables, total loans include loans retained (i.e., held-for-investment); loans held-for-sale; and c ertain loans accounted for at fair value. The following tables do not include loans which the Firm accounts for at fair value and classifies as trading assets; refer to Notes 2 and 3 for further information regarding these loans. Refer to Notes 12, 28, and 5 for additional information on the Firm s loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables, including the Firm s related accounting policies. 
 Refer to Note 10 for information regarding the credit risk inherent in the Firm s investment securities portfolio; and refer to Note 11 for information regarding credit risk inherent in the securities financing portfolio. Refer to Consumer Credit Portfolio on pages 110-115 and Note 12 for further discussions of the consumer credit environment and consumer loans. Refer to Wholesale Credit Portfolio on pages 116-126 and Note 12 for further discussions of the wholesale credit environment and wholesale loans. 

Total credit portfolio December 31, (in millions) Credit exposure Nonperforming (d) (e) 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 Loans retained 1,089,598 1,010,206 5,837 6,932 Loans held-for-sale 3,970 8,688 54 48 Loans at fair value 42,079 58,820 829 815 Total loans 1,135,647 1,077,714 6,720 7,795 Derivative receivables 70,880 57,081 
 296 316 Receivables from customers (a) 
 49,257 59,645 Total credit-related assets 
 1,255,784 1,194,440 7,016 8,111 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 
 Real estate owned NA NA 203 213 Other NA NA 28 22 Total assets acquired in loan satisfactions 
 NA NA 231 235 Lending-related commitments 1,326,782 1,262,313 455 764 Total credit portfolio 2,582,566 2,456,753 7,702 9,110 Credit derivatives and credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities (b) 
 (19,330) (20,739) (c) 
 Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (23,014) (10,102) NA NA 
 (a) Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM; these are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (b) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage credit exposures. 
 (c) Prior-period amount has been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 (d) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonperforming assets excluded mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies of 302 million and 623 million, respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. In addition, the Firm s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance. 
 (e) At December 31, 2022, and 2021 nonaccrual loans excluded 119 million and 633 million, respectively, of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA. 
 
 The following table provides information on Firmwide nonaccrual loans to total loans. 
 December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 Total nonaccrual loans 6,720 
 7,795 Total loans 1,135,647 1,077,714 Firmwide nonaccrual loans to total loans outstanding 0.59 0.72 
 The following table provides information about the Firm s net charge-offs and recoveries. 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 Net charge-offs 2,853 2,865 Average retained loans 
 1,044,765 965,271 Net charge-off rates 
 0.27 0.30 

108 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Customer and client assistance 
 The Firm provided various forms of assistance to customers and clients impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including payment deferrals and covenant modifications. Assistance provided in response to the COVID-19 pandemic could delay the recognition of delinquencies, nonaccrual status, and net charge-offs for those customers and clients who would have otherwise moved into past due or nonaccrual status. Refer to Notes 12 and 13 for further information on the Firm s accounting policies for loan modifications and the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program PPP 
 The PPP, implemented by the Small Business Administration SBA ), provided the Firm with delegated authority to process and originate PPP loans. When certain criteria are met, PPP loans are subject to forgiveness and the Firm will receive payment of the forgiveness amount from the SBA. The PPP ended for new applications on May 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Firm had 490 million and 6.7 billion, respectively, of PPP loans, including 350 million and 5.4 billion, respectively, in consumer, and 140 million and 1.3 billion, respectively, in wholesale. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 119 million and 633 million, respectively, of PPP loans 90 or more days past due have been excluded from the Firm s nonaccrual loans as they are guaranteed by the SBA. Refer to Note 12 for additional information. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 109 

Management s discussion and analysis 

CONSUMER CREDIT PORTFOLIO 
 The Firm s retained consumer portfolio consists primarily of residential real estate loans, credit card loans, scored auto and business banking loans, as well as associated lending-related commitments. The Firm s focus is on serving primarily the prime segment of the consumer credit market. Originated mortgage loans are retained in the residential real estate portfolio, securitized or sold to U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises; other types of consumer loans are typically retained on the balance sheet. Refer to Note 12 for further information on the consumer loan portfolio. Refer to Note 28 for further information on lending-related commitments. 

110 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

The following tables present consumer credit-related information with respect to the scored credit portfolio held in CCB, AWM, CIB and Corpora te. 
 Consumer credit portfolio December 31, (in millions) Credit exposure Nonaccrual loans (j)(k)(l) 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 Consumer, excluding credit card Residential real estate (a) 
 237,561 224,795 3,745 4,759 Auto and other (b)(c)(d) 
 63,192 70,761 129 119 Total loans - retained 300,753 295,556 3,874 4,878 Loans held-for-sale 618 1,287 28 Loans at fair value (e) 
 10,004 26,463 423 472 Total consumer, excluding credit card loans 311,375 323,306 4,325 5,350 Lending-related commitments (f) 
 33,518 45,334 Total consumer exposure, excluding credit card 
 344,893 368,640 Credit card Loans retained (g) 
 185,175 154,296 NA NA Total credit card loans 185,175 154,296 Lending-related commitments (f)(h) 
 821,284 730,534 Total credit card exposure (h) 
 1,006,459 884,830 Total consumer credit portfolio (h) 
 1,351,352 1,253,470 4,325 5,350 Credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities (i) 
 (1,187) (2,028) 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Net charge-offs/(recoveries) Average loans - retained Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (m) 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Consumer, excluding credit card 
 Residential real estate (226) (275) 233,454 220,914 (0.10) (0.12) Auto and other 495 286 65,955 77,900 0.75 0.37 Total consumer, excluding credit card - retained 269 11 299,409 298,814 0.09 Credit card - retained 2,403 2,712 163,335 139,900 1.47 1.94 Total consumer - retained 2,672 2,723 462,744 438,714 0.58 0.62 
 (a) Includes scored mortgage and home equity loans held in CCB and AWM, and scored mortgage loans held in Corporate. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluded operating lease assets of 12.0 billion and 17.1 billion, respectively. These operating lease assets are included in other assets on the Firm s Consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 18 for further information. 
 (c) Includes scored auto and business banking loans and overdrafts. 
 (d) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, included 350 million and 5.4 billion of loans, respectively, in Business Banking under the PPP. The Firm does not expect to realize material credit losses on PPP loans because the loans are guaranteed by the SBA. Refer to Credit Portfolio on pages 108-109 for a further discussion of the PPP. 
 (e) Includes scored mortgage loans held in CCB and CIB. 
 (f) Credit card, home equity and certain business banking lending-related commitments represent the total available lines of credit for these products. The Firm has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit would be used at the same time. For credit card commitments, and if certain conditions are met, home equity commitments and certain business banking commitments, the Firm can reduce or cancel these lines of credit by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice. Refer to Note 28 for further information. 
 (g) Includes billed interest and fees. 
 (h) Also includes commercial card lending-related commitments primarily in CB and CIB. 
 (i) Represents the notional amount of protection obtained through the issuance of credit-related notes that reference certain pools of residential real estate and auto loans in the retained consumer portfolio. 
 (j) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans excluded mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies of 302 million and 623 million, respectively. These amounts have been excluded from nonaccrual loans based upon the government guarantee. In addition, the Firm s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status, as permitted by regulatory guidance. 
 (k) Generally excludes loans under payment deferral programs offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (l) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans excluded 101 million and 506 million, respectively, of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA. 
 (m) Average consumer loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were 17.4 billion and 29.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts were excluded when calculating net charge-off/(recovery) rates. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 111 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Maturities and sensitivity to changes in interest rates 
 The table below sets forth loan maturities by scheduled repayments, by class of loan and the distribution between fixed and floating interest rates based on the stated terms of the loan agreements. Effective December 31, 2022, the Firm revised its methodology from contractual maturities to scheduled repayments. The Firm estimated the principal repayment amounts for both the residential real estate and auto and other loan classes by calculating the weighted-average loan balance and interest rates for loan pools based on remaining loan term. 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions) Within 
 1 year (b) 
 1-5 years 5-15 years After 15 years Total Consumer, excluding credit card Residential real estate 15,709 22,984 81,946 127,282 247,921 Auto and other 17,380 (c) 
 42,727 3,342 5 63,454 Total consumer, excluding credit card loans 33,089 65,711 85,288 127,287 311,375 Total credit card loans 184,681 494 (a) 
 185,175 Total consumer loans 217,770 66,205 85,288 127,287 496,550 Loans due after one year at fixed interest rates Residential real estate 17,266 50,589 77,189 Auto and other 42,652 2,716 5 Credit card 494 Loans due after one year at variable interest rates (a) 
 Residential real estate 5,718 31,357 50,093 Auto and other 75 626 Total consumer loans 66,205 85,288 127,287 
 (a) Credit card loans with maturities greater than one year represent TDRs and are at fixed interest rates. There are no credit card loans due after one year at variable interest rates. 
 (b) Includes loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value. 
 (c) Includes overdrafts. 
 112 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Consumer, excluding credit card 
 Portfolio analysis 
 Loans decreased from December 31, 2021 driven by residential real estate loans at fair value and auto and other loans, largely offset by higher retained residential real estate loans. 
 The following discussions provide information concerning individual loan products. Refer to Note 12 for further information about this portfolio, including information about delinquencies, loan modifications and other credit quality indicators. 
 Residential real estate: The residential real estate portfolio, including loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value, predominantly consists of prime mortgage loans and home equity lines of credit. 
 Retained loans increased compared to December 31, 2021 reflecting originations, net of paydowns. Retained nonaccrual loans decreased from December 31, 2021 reflecting improved credit performance and loan sales. Net recoveries were lower for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year driven by lower prepayments due to higher interest rates, partially offset by lower gross charge-offs. 
 Loans at fair value decreased from December 31, 2021, as warehouse loan sales in Home Lending outpaced originations due to higher interest rates and loan sales in CIB outpaced loan purchase activity. Nonaccrual loans at fair value decreased from December 31, 2021 driven by net portfolio activity in CIB. 
 The carrying value of home equity lines of credit outstanding was 15.7 billion at December 31, 2022. This amount included 5.1 billion of HELOCs that have recast from interest-only to fully amortizing payments or have been modified and 5.0 billion of interest-only balloon HELOCs, which primarily mature after 2030. The Firm manages the risk of HELOCs during their revolving period by closing or reducing the undrawn line to the extent permitted by law when borrowers are exhibiting a material deterioration in their credit risk profile. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of interest-only residential mortgage loans were 36.3 billion and 30.0 billion, respectively. These loans have an interest-only payment period generally followed by an adjustable-rate or fixed-rate fully amortizing payment period to maturity and are typically originated as higher-balance loans to higher-income borrowers, predominantly in AWM. The interest-only residential mortgage loan portfolio reflected net recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2022. The credit performance of this portfolio is comparable with the performance of the broader prime mortgage portfolio. 

The following table provides a summary of the Firm s 
 residential mortgage portfolio insured and/or guaranteed 
 by U.S. government agencies, predominantly loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value. The Firm monitors its exposure to certain potential unrecoverable claim payments related to government-insured loans and considers this exposure in estimating the allowance for loan losses. 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current 659 689 30-89 days past due 136 135 90 or more days past due 302 623 Total government guaranteed loans 1,097 1,447 
 Geographic composition and current estimated loan-to-value ratio of residential real estate loans 
 At December 31, 2022, 152.7 billion, or 64 of the total retained residential real estate loan portfolio, excluding mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies, were concentrated in California, New York, Florida, Texas and Illinois, compared with 145.5 billion, or 65 at December 31, 2021. 
 Average current estimated loan-to-value LTV ratios were relatively flat. 
 Refer to Note 12 for information on the geographic composition and current estimated LTVs of the Firm s residential real estate loans. 
 Modified residential real estate loans 
 The following table presents information relating to modified retained residential real estate loans for which concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, which include both TDRs and modified PCD loans not accounted for as TDRs. The following table does not include loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that are not considered concessions and, therefore, are not TDRs. Refer to Note 12 for further information on modifications for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Retained loans 11,579 13,251 Nonaccrual retained loans (a) 
 3,300 3,938 
 (a) At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans included 2.7 billion of TDRs for which the borrowers were less than 90 days past due. Refer to Note 12 for additional information about loans modified in a TDR that are on nonaccrual status. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 113 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Auto and other : The auto and other loan portfolio, including loans at fair value consists of prime-quality scored auto and business banking loans, as well as overdrafts. The portfolio decreased when compared with December 31, 2021 due to paydowns of scored Auto loans and PPP loan forgiveness in Business Banking predominantly offset by originations of scored Auto loans. Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased compared to the prior year due to higher scored Auto and overdraft charge-offs, as the prior year benefited from government stimulus and payment assistance programs. The scored Auto net charge-off rates were 0.24 and 0.04 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Nonperforming assets 
 The following table presents information as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, about consumer, excluding credit card, nonperforming assets. 
 Nonperforming assets (a) 
 December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans Residential real estate (b) 
 4,196 5,231 Auto and other (c) 
 129 119 Total nonaccrual loans 4,325 5,350 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions Real estate owned 129 112 Other 28 22 Total assets acquired in loan satisfactions 157 134 Total nonperforming assets 4,482 5,484 
 (a) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonperforming assets excluded mortgage loans 90 or more days past due and insured by U.S. government agencies of 302 million and 623 million, respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. 
 (b) Generally excludes loans under payment deferral programs offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (c) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans excluded 101 million and 506 million, respectively, of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA. 

Nonaccrual loans 
 The following table presents changes in consumer, excluding credit card, nonaccrual loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Nonaccrual loan activity Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Beginning balance 5,350 6,467 Additions: 2,196 2,956 Reductions: Principal payments and other (a) 
 1,393 2,018 Charge-offs 255 229 Returned to performing status 1,405 1,716 Foreclosures and other liquidations 168 110 Total reductions 3,221 4,073 Net changes (1,025) (1,117) Ending balance 4,325 5,350 
 (a) Other reductions include loan sales. 
 Refer to Note 12 for further information about the consumer credit portfolio, including information about delinquencies, other credit quality indicators, loan modifications and loans that were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure. 
 Purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans 
 The following tables provide credit-related information for PCD loans which are reported in residential real estate. 
 (in millions, except ratios) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Loan delinquency (a) 
 Current 10,910 12,746 30-149 days past due 347 331 150 or more days past due 
 277 664 Total PCD loans 
 11,534 13,741 of 30+ days past due to total retained PCD loans 5.41 7.24 Nonaccrual loans 1,200 1,616 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) (11) 15 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (0.09) 0.10 
 (a) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans under payment deferral programs offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic which are still within their deferral period and performing according to their modified terms are generally not considered delinquent. 

114 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Credit card 
 Total credit card loans increased from December 31, 2021 driven by growth in balances on higher consumer spending and net new originations. The December 31, 2022 30+ and 90+ day delinquency rates of 1.45 and 0.68 , respectively, increased compared to the December 31, 2021 30+ and 90+ day delinquency rates of 1.04 and 0.50 , but remain below pre-pandemic levels. Net charge-offs decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. Delinquency and net charge-off rates continue to benefit from the ongoing financial strength of U.S. consumers. However, median deposit balances declined in the second half of 2022, impacted by the growth in consumer spending. 
 Consistent with the Firm s policy, all credit card loans typically remain on accrual status until charged off. However, the Firm s allowance for loan losses includes the estimated uncollectible portion of accrued and billed interest and fee income. 
 Geographic and FICO composition of credit card loans 
 At December 31, 2022, 85.4 billion, or 46 of the total retained credit card loan portfolio, was concentrated in California, Texas, New York, Florida and Illinois, compared with 70.5 billion, or 46 , at December 31, 2021. 
 Modifications of credit card loans 
 At December 31, 2022, the Firm had 796 million of credit card loans outstanding that have been modified in TDRs, compared to 1.0 billion at December 31, 2021. These TDRs do not include loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that are not considered TDRs. 
 Refer to Note 12 for further information about this portfolio, including information about delinquencies, geographic and FICO composition, and modifications. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 115 

Management s discussion and analysis 

WHOLESALE CREDIT PORTFOLIO 
 In its wholesale businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk primarily through its underwriting, lending, market-making, and hedging activities with and for clients and counterparties, as well as through various operating services (such as cash management and clearing activities), securities financing activities and cash placed with banks. A portion of the loans originated or acquired by the Firm s wholesale businesses is generally retained on the balance sheet. The Firm distributes a significant percentage of the loans that it originates into the market as part of its syndicated loan business and to manage portfolio concentrations and credit risk. The wholesale portfolio is actively managed, in part by conducting ongoing, in-depth reviews of client credit quality and transaction structure, inclusive of collateral where applicable, and of industry, product and client concentrations. Refer to the industry discussion on pages 118-121 for further information. 
 The Firm s wholesale credit portfolio includes exposure held in CIB, CB, AWM, and Corporate, as well as the risk-rated BWM and auto dealer exposure held in CCB, for which the wholesale methodology is applied when determining the allowance for loan losses. 
 In 2022, wholesale credit continued to perform well with charge-offs remaining low. 
 As of December 31, 2022, retained loans increased by 43.3 billion driven by CIB and CB, including higher revolver utilization, partially offset by a decline in AWM. Lending-related commitments decreased 14.5 billion, driven by net portfolio activity in CIB, including a decrease in held-for-sale positions in the bridge financing portfolio, largely offset by net portfolio activity in AWM and CB. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the investment-grade percentage of the portfolio remained relatively flat at 70 , while criticized exposure decreased by 6.9 billion from 38.2 billion to 31.3 billion. As of December 31, 2022, nonperforming exposure decreased by 406.0 million driven by a decline in lending-related commitments in CIB and loans in AWM as a result of client-specific upgrades, paydowns and cancelled commitments, largely offset by client-specific downgrades in CIB including downgrades to certain Russia and Russia-associated clients in the first quarter of 2022. Refer to Business Developments on page 50 and Country Risk on pages 139-140 for additional information. Refer to Wholesale credit exposure industry exposures on pages 118-121 for additional information. 

Wholesale credit portfolio December 31, (in millions) Credit exposure Nonperforming 2022 2021 2022 2021 Loans retained 603,670 560,354 1,963 2,054 Loans held-for-sale 3,352 7,401 26 48 Loans at fair value 32,075 32,357 406 343 Loans 639,097 600,112 2,395 2,445 Derivative receivables 70,880 57,081 296 316 Receivables from customers (a) 
 49,257 59,645 Total wholesale credit-related assets 
 759,234 716,838 2,691 2,761 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 
 Real estate owned NA NA 74 101 Other NA NA Total assets acquired in loan satisfactions 
 NA NA 74 101 Lending-related commitments 471,980 486,445 455 764 Total wholesale credit portfolio 
 1,231,214 1,203,283 3,220 3,626 Credit derivatives and credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities (b) 
 (18,143) (18,711) (c) 
 Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (23,014) (10,102) NA NA 
 (a) Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM; these are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (b) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage both performing and nonperforming wholesale credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. Refer to Credit derivatives on page 126 and Note 5 for additional information. 
 (c) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation . 

116 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Wholesale credit exposure maturity and ratings profile 
 The following tables present the maturity and internal risk ratings profiles of the wholesale credit portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Firm generally considers internal ratings with qualitative characteristics equivalent to BBB-/Baa3 or higher as investment grade, and takes into consideration collateral and structural support when determining the internal risk rating for each credit facility. Refer to Note 12 for further information on internal risk ratings. 
 Maturity profile (e) 
 Ratings profile 1 year or less After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years Total Total Total of IG December 31, 2022 
 (in millions, except ratios) 
 Investment-grade Noninvestment-grade Loans retained 204,761 253,896 145,013 603,670 425,412 178,258 603,670 70 Derivative receivables 70,880 70,880 Less: Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (23,014) (23,014) Total derivative receivables, net of collateral 13,508 14,880 19,478 47,866 36,231 11,635 47,866 76 Lending-related commitments 101,083 347,456 23,441 471,980 327,168 144,812 471,980 69 Subtotal 319,352 616,232 187,932 1,123,516 788,811 334,705 1,123,516 70 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (a) 
 35,427 35,427 Receivables from customers 49,257 49,257 Total exposure net of liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives 1,208,200 1,208,200 Credit derivatives and credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities (b)(c)(d) 
 (2,817) (13,530) (1,796) (18,143) (15,115) (3,028) (18,143) 83 
 Maturity profile (e) 
 Ratings profile 1 year or less After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years Total Total Total of IG December 31, 2021 (in millions, except ratios) Investment-grade Noninvestment-grade Loans retained 214,064 218,176 128,114 560,354 410,011 150,343 560,354 73 Derivative receivables 57,081 
 57,081 
 Less: Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (10,102) (10,102) Total derivative receivables, net of collateral 13,648 12,814 20,517 46,979 31,934 15,045 46,979 68 Lending-related commitments 120,929 340,308 25,208 486,445 331,116 155,329 486,445 68 Subtotal 348,641 571,298 173,839 1,093,778 773,061 320,717 1,093,778 71 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (a) 
 39,758 39,758 Receivables from customers 59,645 59,645 Total exposure net of liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives 1,193,181 1,193,181 Credit derivatives and credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities (b)(c)(d) 
 (7,472) (9,750) (1,489) (18,711) (15,012) (3,699) (18,711) 80 
 (a) Loans held-for-sale are primarily related to syndicated loans and loans transferred from the retained portfolio. 
 (b) These derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. 
 (c) The notional amounts are presented on a net basis by underlying reference entity and the ratings profile shown is based on the ratings of the reference entity on which protection has been purchased. Predominantly all of the credit derivatives entered into by the Firm where it has purchased protection used in credit portfolio management activities are executed with investment-grade counterparties. In addition, the Firm obtains credit protection against certain loans in the retained loan portfolio through the issuance of credit-related notes. 
 (d) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 (e) The maturity profile of retained loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables is generally based on remaining contractual maturity. Derivative contracts that are in a receivable position at December 31, 2022, may become payable prior to maturity based on their cash flow profile or changes in market conditions. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 117 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Wholesale credit exposure industry exposures 

The Firm focuses on the management and diversification of its industry exposures, and pays particular attention to industries with actual or potential credit concerns. 
 Exposures that are deemed to be criticized align with the U.S. banking regulators definition of criticized exposures, which consist of the special mention, substandard and doubtful categories. Total criticized exposure, excluding loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value, was 31.3 billion at December 31, 2022 and 38.2 billion at December 31, 2021, representing approximately 2.7 and 3.5 of total wholesale credit exposure, respectively. Criticized exposure decreased driven by net portfolio activity and client-specific upgrades concentrated in Consumer Retail, Technology, Media Telecommunications and Real Estate, largely offset by client-specific downgrades. Of the 31.3 billion of criticized exposure at December 31, 2022, approximately half was undrawn and 28.6 billion was performing. 
 The table below summarizes by industry the Firm s exposures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The industry of risk category is generally based on the client or counterparty s primary business activity. Refer to Note 4 for additional information on industry concentrations. 
 Wholesale credit exposure industries (a) 
 Selected metrics 30 days or more past due and accruing 
 loans (i) 
 Net charge-offs/ (recoveries) Credit derivative hedges and credit-related notes (h) 
 Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables Noninvestment-grade Credit 
 exposure (f)(g) 
 Investment- grade Noncriticized Criticized performing Criticized nonperforming As of or for the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in millions) 
 Real Estate 170,857 129,866 36,945 3,609 437 543 19 (113) Individuals and Individual Entities (b) 
 130,815 112,006 18,104 360 345 1,038 1 Consumer Retail 120,555 60,781 51,871 7,295 608 321 49 (1,157) Asset Managers 95,656 78,925 16,665 61 5 15 (1) (8,278) Industrials 72,483 39,052 30,500 2,809 122 282 44 (1,258) Technology, Media Telecommunications 72,286 39,199 25,689 7,096 302 62 39 (1,766) Healthcare 62,613 43,839 17,117 1,479 178 43 27 (1,055) Banks Finance Cos 51,816 27,811 22,994 961 50 36 (262) (994) Oil Gas 38,668 20,547 17,616 474 31 57 (6) (414) Utilities 36,218 25,981 9,294 807 136 21 15 (607) (1) State Municipal Govt (c) 
 33,847 33,191 529 126 1 36 (9) (5) Automotive (c) 
 33,287 23,908 8,839 416 124 198 (2) (513) Insurance 21,045 15,468 5,396 181 1 (273) (7,296) Chemicals Plastics 20,030 12,134 7,103 744 49 10 3 (298) Central Govt 19,095 18,698 362 35 10 (4,591) (677) Metals Mining 15,915 8,825 6,863 222 5 7 (1) (27) (4) Transportation 15,009 6,497 6,862 1,574 76 24 2 (339) Securities Firms 8,066 4,235 3,716 115 (13) (26) (2,811) Financial Markets Infrastructure 4,962 4,525 437 All other (d) 
 123,307 105,284 17,555 223 245 4 (5) (5,435) (2,948) Subtotal 1,146,530 810,772 304,457 28,587 2,714 2,698 181 (18,143) (23,014) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 35,427 Receivables from customers 49,257 Total (e) 
 1,231,214 

118 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Selected metrics 30 days or more past due and accruing loans Net charge-offs/ (recoveries) Credit derivative hedges and credit-related notes (h) 
 Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables Noninvestment-grade Credit 
 exposure (f)(g) 
 Investment- grade Noncriticized Criticized performing Criticized nonperforming As of or for the year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Real Estate 155,069 120,174 29,642 4,636 617 394 6 (185) (i) 
 Individuals and Individual Entities (b) 
 141,973 122,606 18,797 99 471 1,450 32 (1) Consumer Retail 122,789 59,622 53,317 9,445 405 288 2 (352) (i) 
 Asset Managers 81,228 68,593 12,630 5 8 (3,900) Industrials 66,974 36,953 26,957 2,895 169 428 13 (586) (i) 
 (1) Technology, Media Telecommunications 84,070 49,610 25,540 8,595 325 58 (1) (900) (i) 
 (12) Healthcare 59,014 42,133 15,136 1,686 59 204 (4) (490) (174) Banks Finance Cos 54,684 29,732 23,809 1,138 5 9 9 (503) (i) 
 (810) Oil Gas 42,606 20,698 20,222 1,558 128 4 60 (564) (i) 
 Utilities 33,203 25,069 7,011 914 209 11 6 (367) (i) 
 (4) State Municipal Govt (c) 
 33,216 32,522 586 101 7 74 (14) Automotive 34,573 24,606 9,446 399 122 95 (3) (463) Insurance 13,926 9,943 3,887 96 (25) (i) 
 (2,366) Chemicals Plastics 17,660 11,319 5,817 518 6 7 (89) Central Govt 11,317 11,067 250 (6,961) (72) Metals Mining 16,696 7,848 8,491 294 63 27 7 (15) (i) 
 (4) Transportation 14,635 6,010 5,983 2,470 172 21 20 (100) (i) 
 (24) Securities Firms 4,180 2,599 1,578 3 (47) (217) Financial Markets Infrastructure 4,377 3,987 390 All other (d) 
 111,690 
 97,537 13,580 
 205 368 242 (5) (7,064) (i) 
 (2,503) Subtotal 1,103,880 782,628 283,069 35,049 3,134 3,320 142 (18,711) (10,102) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 39,758 Receivables from customers 59,645 Total (e) 
 1,203,283 
 (a) T he industry rankings presented in the table as of December 31, 2021, are based on the industry rankings of the corresponding exposures at December 31, 2022, not actual rankings of such exposures at December 31, 2021. 
 (b) Individuals and Individual Entities predominantly consists of Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB, and includes exposure to personal investment companies and personal and testamentary trusts. 
 (c) In addition to the credit risk exposure to states and municipal governments (both U.S. and non-U.S.) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, noted above, the Firm held: 6.6 billion and 7.1 billion, respectively, of trading assets; 6.8 billion and 15.9 billion, respectively, of AFS securities; and 19.7 billion and 14.0 billion, respectively, of HTM securities, issued by U.S. state and municipal governments. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 for further information. 
 (d) All other includes: SPEs and Private education and civic organizations, representing approximately 95 and 5 , respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 94 and 6 , respectively, at December 31, 2021 . 
 (e) Excludes cash placed with banks of 556.6 billion and 729.6 billion, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is predominantly placed with various central banks, primarily Federal Reserve Banks. 
 (f) Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of credit derivatives and credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities held against derivative receivables or loans and liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables. 
 (g) Credit exposure includes held-for-sale and fair value option elected lending-related commitments. 
 (h) Represents the net notional amounts of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage the credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. The All other category includes purchased credit protection on certain credit indices. 
 (i) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 119 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Presented below is additional detail on certain of the Firm s industry exposures. 
 Real Estate 
 Real Estate exposure was 170.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. Criticized exposure decreased by 1.2 billion from 5.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to 4.0 billion at December 31, 2022, driven by client-specific upgrades and net portfolio activity largely offset by client-specific downgrades. 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments Derivative Receivables Credit exposure Investment-grade Drawn (d) 
 Multifamily (a) 
 99,555 17 99,572 82 87 Industrial 15,928 1 15,929 72 71 Office 14,917 25 14,942 74 73 Services and Non Income Producing 13,968 10 13,978 65 48 Other Income Producing Properties (b) 
 12,701 150 12,851 70 62 Retail 10,192 8 10,200 75 68 Lodging 3,347 38 3,385 6 37 Total Real Estate Exposure (c) 
 170,608 249 170,857 76 77 December 31, 2021 (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments Derivative Receivables Credit exposure Investment- grade Drawn (d) 
 Multifamily (a) 
 89,032 122 89,154 84 89 Industrial 11,546 66 11,612 75 64 Office 16,409 234 16,643 75 71 Services and Non Income Producing 11,512 24 11,536 63 50 Other Income Producing Properties (b) 
 13,018 498 13,516 77 55 Retail 9,580 106 9,686 61 69 Lodging 2,859 63 2,922 5 33 Total Real Estate Exposure 153,956 1,113 155,069 77 77 
 (a) Multifamily exposure is largely in California. 
 (b) Other Income Producing Properties consists of clients with diversified property types or other property types outside of categories listed in the table above 
 (c) Real Estate exposure is approximately 79 secured; unsecured exposure is approximately 77 investment-grade. 
 (d) Represents drawn exposure as a percentage of credit exposure. 
 
 120 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Consumer Retail 
 Consumer Retail exposure was 120.6 billion as of December 31, 2022. Criticized exposure decreased by 1.9 billion from 9.9 billion at December 31, 2021 to 7.9 billion at December 31, 2022, driven by net portfolio activity and client-specific upgrades largely offset by client-specific downgrades. 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments Derivative Receivables Credit exposure Investment-grade Drawn (d) 
 Retail (a) 
 33,891 309 34,200 50 33 Food and Beverage 31,706 736 32,442 59 39 Business and Consumer Services 31,256 384 31,640 50 40 Consumer Hard Goods 13,879 172 14,051 51 39 Leisure (b) 
 8,173 49 8,222 21 45 Total Consumer Retail (c) 
 118,905 1,650 120,555 50 38 December 31, 2021 (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments Derivative Receivables Credit exposure Investment- grade Drawn (d) 
 Retail (a) 
 32,872 1,152 34,024 50 31 Food and Beverage 30,434 957 31,391 59 33 Business and Consumer Services 32,159 347 32,506 46 33 Consumer Hard Goods 17,035 111 17,146 46 30 Leisure (b) 
 7,620 102 7,722 17 34 Total Consumer Retail 
 120,120 2,669 122,789 49 32 
 (a) Retail consists of Home Improvement Specialty Retailers, Restaurants, Supermarkets, Discount Drug Stores, Specialty Apparel and Department Stores. 
 (b) Leisure consists of Gaming, Arts Culture, Travel Services and Sports Recreation. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 90 of the noninvestment-grade Leisure portfolio is secured. 
 (c) Consumer Retail exposure is approximately 58 secured; unsecured exposure is approximately 80 investment-grade. 
 (d) Represents drawn exposure as a percent of credit exposure. 
 Oil Gas 
 Oil Gas exposure was 38.7 billion as of December 31, 2022. Criticized exposure decreased by 1.2 billion from 1.7 billion at December 31, 2021 to 505 million at December 31, 2022, driven by net portfolio activity and client-specific upgrades partially offset by client-specific downgrades. 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments Derivative Receivables Credit exposure Investment-grade Drawn (c) 
 Exploration Production ("E P") and Oil field Services 17,729 4,666 22,395 50 25 Other Oil Gas (a) 
 15,818 455 16,273 57 25 Total Oil Gas (b) 
 33,547 5,121 38,668 53 25 December 31, 2021 (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments Derivative Receivables Credit exposure Investment- grade Drawn (c) 
 Exploration Production ("E P") and Oil field Services 17,631 5,452 23,083 39 26 Other Oil Gas (a) 
 18,941 582 19,523 60 26 Total Oil Gas 36,572 6,034 42,606 49 26 
 (a) Other Oil Gas includes Integrated Oil Gas companies, Midstream/Oil Pipeline companies and refineries. 
 (b) Oil Gas exposure is approximately 41 secured, over half of which is reserve-based lending to the Exploration Production sub-sector; unsecured exposure is approximately 61 investment-grade. 
 (c) Represents drawn exposure as a percent of credit exposure. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 121 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Loans 
 In its wholesale businesses, the Firm provides loans to a variety of clients, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to high-net-worth individuals. Refer to Note 12 for a further discussion on loans, including information about delinquencies, loan modifications and other credit quality indicators. 
 The following table presents the change in the nonaccrual loan portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Since December 31, 2021, nonaccrual loan exposure decreased by 50 million driven by Individuals and Individual Entities and Transportation due to client-specific upgrades and net portfolio activity, largely offset by Consumer Retail due to client-specific downgrades. 
 Wholesale nonaccrual loan activity Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Beginning balance 2,445 4,106 Additions 2,119 2,909 Reductions: Paydowns and other 1,329 2,676 Gross charge-offs 213 268 Returned to performing status 594 1,106 Sales 33 520 Total reductions 2,169 4,570 Net changes (50) (1,661) Ending balance 2,395 2,445 

The following table presents net charge-offs/recoveries, which are defined as gross charge-offs less recoveries, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amounts in the table below do not include gains or losses from sales of nonaccrual loans recognized in noninterest revenue. 
 Wholesale net charge-offs/(recoveries) Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 Loans Average loans retained 582,021 526,557 Gross charge-offs 322 283 Gross recoveries collected (141) (141) Net charge-offs/(recoveries) 181 142 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate 0.03 0.03 

122 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Maturities and sensitivity to changes in interest rates 
 The table below sets forth wholesale loan maturities and the distribution between fixed and floating interest rates based on the stated terms of the loan agreements by loan class. Effective December 31, 2022, the Firm revised its methodology from contractual maturities to scheduled repayments. Refer to Note 12 for further information on loan classes. 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in millions, except ratios) 
 1 year or less (a) 
 After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years through 15 years After 15 years Total Wholesale loans: Secured by real estate 9,275 43,060 41,234 41,277 134,846 Commercial and industrial 54,408 115,823 8,493 193 178,917 Other 166,967 122,062 32,291 4,014 325,334 Total wholesale loans 230,650 280,945 82,018 45,484 639,097 Loans due after one year at fixed interest rates Secured by real estate 6,087 6,387 724 Commercial and industrial 5,432 1,107 4 Other 23,303 14,792 2,786 Loans due after one year at variable interest rates Secured by real estate 36,972 34,847 40,553 Commercial and industrial 110,391 7,387 189 Other 98,760 17,498 1,228 Total wholesale loans 280,945 82,018 45,484 
 (a) Includes loans held-for-sale, demand loans and overdrafts. 
 The following table presents net charge-offs/recoveries, average retained loans and net charge-off/recovery rate by loan class for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Year ended December 31, Secured by real estate Commercial and industrial Other Total (in millions, except ratios) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) 6 13 145 105 30 24 181 142 Average retained loans 122,904 118,417 160,611 138,015 298,506 270,125 582,021 526,557 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate 0.01 0.09 0.08 0.01 0.01 0.03 0.03 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 123 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Lending-related commitments 
 The Firm uses lending-related financial instruments, such as commitments (including revolving credit facilities) and guarantees, to address the financing needs of its clients. The contractual amounts of these financial instruments represent the maximum possible credit risk should the clients draw down on these commitments or when the Firm fulfills its obligations under these guarantees, and the clients subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of these contracts. Most of these commitments and guarantees have historically been refinanced, extended, cancelled, or expired without being drawn upon or a default occurring. As a result, the Firm does not believe that the total contractual amount of these wholesale lending-related commitments is representative of the Firm s expected future credit exposure or funding requirements. Refer to Note 28 for further information on wholesale lending-related commitments. 
 Receivables from customers 
 Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM that are collateralized by assets maintained in the clients brokerage accounts (e.g., cash on deposit, and liquid and readily marketable debt or equity securities). Because of this collateralization, no allowance for credit losses is generally held against these receivables. To manage its credit risk, the Firm establishes margin requirements and monitors the required margin levels on an ongoing basis, and requires clients to deposit additional cash or other collateral, or to reduce positions, when appropriate. These receivables are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Firm s Consolidated balance sheets. 
 Derivative contracts 
 Derivatives enable clients and counterparties to manage risk, including credit risk and risks arising from fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange and equities and commodities prices. The Firm makes markets in derivatives in order to meet these needs and uses derivatives to manage certain risks associated with net open risk positions from its market-making activities, including the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables. The Firm also uses derivative instruments to manage its own credit risk and other market risk exposure. The nature of the counterparty and the settlement mechanism of the derivative affect the credit risk to which the Firm is exposed. For OTC derivatives, the Firm is exposed to the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. For exchange-traded derivatives ETD ), such as futures and options, and cleared over-the-counter OTC-cleared derivatives, the Firm can also be exposed to the credit risk of the relevant CCP. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its credit risk exposures arising from derivative contracts through the use of legally enforceable master netting arrangements and collateral agreements. The percentage of the Firm s OTC derivative transactions subject to collateral agreements excluding foreign exchange spot trades, which are not typically covered by collateral agreements due to their short 

maturity and centrally cleared trades that are settled daily was approximately 87 and 88 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 5 for additional information on the Firm s use of collateral agreements and further discussion of derivative contracts, counterparties and settlement types. 
 The fair value of derivative receivables reported on the Consolidated balance sheets were 70.9 billion and 57.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily driven by higher foreign exchange as a result of market movements. Derivative receivables represent the fair value of the derivative contracts after giving effect to legally enforceable master netting agreements and the related cash collateral held by the Firm. 
 In addition, the Firm held liquid securities and other cash collateral that may be used as security when the fair value of the client s exposure is in the Firm s favor. For these purposes, the definition of liquid securities is consistent with the definition of high quality liquid assets as defined in the LCR rule. 
 In management s view, the appropriate measure of current credit risk should also take into consideration other collateral, which generally represents securities that do not qualify as high quality liquid assets under the LCR rule. The benefits of these additional collateral amounts for each counterparty are subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement and limited to the net amount of the derivative receivables for each counterparty. 
 The Firm also holds additional collateral (primarily cash, G7 government securities, other liquid government agency and guaranteed securities, and corporate debt and equity securities) delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions, as well as collateral related to contracts that have a non-daily call frequency and collateral that the Firm has agreed to return but has not yet settled as of the reporting date. Although this collateral does not reduce the balances and is not included in the tables below, it is available as security against potential exposure that could arise should the fair value of the client s derivative contracts move in the Firm s favor. Refer to Note 5 for additional information on the Firm s use of collateral agreements. 
 The following tables summarize the net derivative receivables and the internal ratings profile for the periods presented. 
 Derivative receivables December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Total, net of cash collateral 70,880 57,081 Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables (23,014) (10,102) Total, net of liquid securities and other cash collateral 47,866 46,979 Other collateral held against derivative receivables 
 (1,261) (1,544) Total, net of collateral 46,605 45,435 

124 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Ratings profile of derivative receivables 2022 
 2021 
 December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Exposure net of collateral of exposure net of collateral Exposure net of collateral of exposure net of collateral Investment-grade 35,097 75 30,278 67 Noninvestment-grade 11,508 25 15,157 33 
 Total 46,605 100 45,435 100 
 While useful as a current view of credit exposure, the net fair value of the derivative receivables does not capture the potential future variability of that credit exposure. To capture the potential future variability of credit exposure, the Firm calculates, on a client-by-client basis, three measures of potential derivatives-related credit loss: Peak, Derivative Risk Equivalent DRE ), and Average exposure AVG ). These measures all incorporate netting and collateral benefits, where applicable. 
 Peak represents a conservative measure of potential derivative exposure, including the benefit of collateral, to a counterparty calculated in a manner that is broadly equivalent to a 97.5 confidence level over the life of the transaction. Peak is the primary measure used by the Firm for setting credit limits for derivative contracts, senior management reporting and derivatives exposure management. 
 DRE exposure is a measure that expresses the risk of derivative exposure, including the benefit of collateral, on a basis intended to be equivalent to the risk of loan exposures. DRE is a less extreme measure of potential credit loss than Peak and is used as an input for aggregating derivative credit risk exposures with loans and other credit risk. 
 Finally, AVG is a measure of the expected fair value of the Firm s derivative exposure, including the benefit of collateral, at future time periods. AVG over the total life of the derivative contract is used as the primary metric for pricing purposes and is used to calculate credit risk capital and CVA, as further described below. 
 The fair value of the Firm s derivative receivables incorporates CVA to reflect the credit quality of counterparties. CVA is based on the Firm s AVG to a counterparty and the counterparty s credit spread in the credit derivatives market. The Firm believes that active risk management is essential to controlling the dynamic credit risk in the derivatives portfolio. In addition, the Firm s risk 

management process for derivatives exposures takes into consideration the potential impact of wrong-way risk, which is broadly defined as the risk that exposure to a counterparty is positively correlated with the impact of a default by the same counterparty, which could cause exposure to increase at the same time as the counterparty s capacity to meet its obligations is decreasing. Many factors may influence the nature and magnitude of these correlations over time. To the extent that these correlations are identified, the Firm may adjust the CVA associated with a particular counterparty s AVG. The Firm risk manages exposure to changes in CVA by entering into credit derivative contracts, as well as interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and commodity derivative contracts. 
 The below graph shows exposure profiles to the Firm s current derivatives portfolio over the next 10 years as calculated by the Peak, DRE and AVG metrics. The three measures generally show that exposure will decline after the first year, if no new trades are added to the portfolio. 
 Exposure profile of derivatives measures 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in billions) 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 125 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Credit derivatives 
 The Firm uses credit derivatives for two primary purposes: first, in its capacity as a market-maker, and second, as an end-user to manage the Firm s own credit risk associated with various exposures. 
 Credit portfolio management activities 
 Included in the Firm s end-user activities are credit derivatives used to mitigate the credit risk associated with traditional lending activities (loans and lending-related commitments) and derivatives counterparty exposure in the Firm s wholesale businesses (collectively, credit portfolio management activities ). Information on credit portfolio management activities is provided in the table below. 
 The Firm also uses credit derivatives as an end-user to manage other exposures, including credit risk arising from certain securities held in the Firm s market-making businesses. These credit derivatives are not included in credit portfolio management activities. 

Credit derivatives and credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities Notional amount of protection 
 purchased and sold (a) 
 December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Credit derivatives and credit-related notes used to manage: Loans and lending-related commitments 6,422 4,138 Derivative receivables 11,721 14,573 (b) Credit derivatives and credit-related notes used in credit portfolio management activities 18,143 18,711 
 (a) Amounts are presented net, considering the Firm s net protection purchased or sold with respect to each underlying reference entity or index. 
 (b) Prior-period amount has been revised to conform with the current presentation 
 The credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP; these derivatives are reported at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in principal transactions revenue. In contrast, the loans and lending-related commitments being risk-managed are accounted for on an accrual basis. This asymmetry in accounting treatment, between loans and lending-related commitments and the credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities, causes earnings volatility that is not representative, in the Firm s view, of the true changes in value of the Firm s overall credit exposure. 
 The effectiveness of credit default swaps CDS as a hedge against the Firm s exposures may vary depending on a number of factors, including the named reference entity (i.e., the Firm may experience losses on specific exposures that are different than the named reference entities in the purchased CDS); the contractual terms of the CDS (which may have a defined credit event that does not align with an actual loss realized by the Firm); and the maturity of the Firm s CDS protection (which in some cases may be shorter than the Firm s exposures). However, the Firm generally seeks to purchase credit protection with a maturity date that is the same or similar to the maturity date of the exposure for which the protection was purchased, and remaining differences in maturity are actively monitored and managed by the Firm. Refer to Credit derivatives in Note 5 for further information on credit derivatives and derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities. 

126 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 The Firm s allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Firm's financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. The Firm s allowance for credit losses comprises: 
 the allowance for loan losses, which covers the Firm s retained loan portfolios (scored and risk-rated) and is presented separately on the Consolidated balance sheets, 
 the allowance for lending-related commitments, which is reflected in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets, and 
 the allowance for credit losses on investment securities, which is reflected in investment securities on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 Discussion of changes in the allowance 
 The allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was 22.2 billion , reflecting a net addition of 3.5 billion from December 31, 2021, consisting of: 
 2.3 billion in wholesale, driven by deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook and loan growth, predominantly in CB and CIB, and 
 1.2 billion in consumer, predominantly driven by Card Services, reflecting higher outstanding balances and deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance related to a decrease in uncertainty associated with borrower behavior as the effects of the pandemic gradually recede. 
 Deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook included both updates to the central scenario in the fourth quarter of 2022, which now reflects a mild recession, as well as the impact of the increased weight placed on the adverse scenarios beginning in the first quarter of 2022 due to the effects associated with higher inflation, changes in monetary policy, and geopolitical risks, including the war in Ukraine. 
 The Firm's allowance for credit losses is estimated using a weighted average of five internally developed macroeconomic scenarios. The adverse scenarios incorporate more punitive macroeconomic factors than the central case assumptions provided in the table below, resulting in a weighted average U.S. unemployment rate peaking at 5.6 in the second quarter of 2024, and a 1.2 lower U.S. real GDP exiting the second quarter of 2024. 

The Firm s central case assumptions reflected U.S. unemployment rates and U.S. real GDP as follows: 
 Assumptions at December 31, 2022 2Q23 4Q23 2Q24 U.S. unemployment rate (a) 
 3.8 4.3 5.0 YoY growth in U.S. real GDP (b) 
 1.5 0.4 
 Assumptions at December 31, 2021 2Q22 4Q22 2Q23 U.S. unemployment rate (a) 
 4.2 4.0 3.9 YoY growth in U.S. real GDP (b) 
 3.1 2.8 2.1 
 (a) Reflects quarterly average of forecasted U.S. unemployment rate. 
 (b) The year over year growth in U.S. real GDP in the forecast horizon of the central scenario is calculated as the percentage change in U.S. real GDP levels from the prior year. 
 Subsequent changes to this forecast and related estimates 
 will be reflected in the provision for credit losses in future 
 periods. 
 Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 149-152 for further information on the allowance for credit losses and related management judgments. 
 Refer to Consumer Credit Portfolio on pages 110-115 , Wholesale Credit Portfolio on pages 116-126 for additional information on the consumer and wholesale credit portfolios. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 127 

Management s discussion and analysis 

Allowance for credit losses and related information 2022 2021 Year ended December 31, Consumer, excluding credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Consumer, excluding credit card Credit card Wholesale Total (in millions, except ratios) Allowance for loan losses Beginning balance at January 1, 1,765 10,250 4,371 16,386 3,636 17,800 6,892 28,328 Gross charge-offs 812 3,192 322 4,326 630 3,651 283 4,564 Gross recoveries collected (543) (789) (141) (1,473) (619) (939) (141) (1,699) Net charge-offs 269 2,403 181 2,853 11 2,712 142 2,865 Provision for loan losses 543 3,353 2,293 6,189 (1,858) (4,838) (2,375) (9,071) Other 1 3 4 (2) (4) (6) Ending balance at December 31, 2,040 11,200 6,486 19,726 1,765 10,250 4,371 16,386 Allowance for lending-related commitments 
 Beginning balance at January 1, 113 2,148 2,261 187 2,222 2,409 Provision for lending-related commitments 
 (37) 157 120 (75) (74) (149) Other 1 1 1 1 Ending balance at December 31, 76 2,306 2,382 113 2,148 2,261 Impairment methodology Asset-specific (a) 
 (624) 223 467 66 (665) 313 263 (89) Portfolio-based 2,664 10,977 6,019 19,660 2,430 9,937 4,108 16,475 Total allowance for loan losses 2,040 11,200 6,486 19,726 1,765 10,250 4,371 16,386 Impairment methodology Asset-specific 90 90 167 167 Portfolio-based 76 2,216 2,292 113 1,981 2,094 Total allowance for lending-related commitments 76 2,306 2,382 113 2,148 2,261 Total allowance for investment securities NA NA NA 96 NA NA NA 42 Total allowance for credit losses (b) 
 2,116 11,200 8,792 22,204 1,878 10,250 6,519 18,689 Memo: Retained loans, end of period 
 300,753 185,175 603,670 1,089,598 295,556 154,296 560,354 1,010,206 Retained loans, average 
 299,409 163,335 582,021 1,044,765 298,814 139,900 526,557 965,271 Credit ratios Allowance for loan losses to retained loans 
 0.68 6.05 1.07 1.81 0.60 6.64 0.78 1.62 Allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual loans (c) 
 53 NM 330 338 36 NM 213 236 Allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual loans excluding credit card 
 53 NM 330 146 36 NM 213 89 Net charge-off rates 0.09 1.47 0.03 0.27 1.94 0.03 0.30 
 (a) Includes collateral dependent loans, including those considered TDRs and those for which foreclosure is deemed probable, modified PCD loans, and non-collateral dependent loans that have been modified or are reasonably expected to be modified in a TDR. Also includes risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status for the wholesale portfolio segment. The asset-specific credit card allowance for loan losses modified or reasonably expected to be modified in a TDR is calculated based on the loans original contractual interest rates and does not consider any incremental penalty rates. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, excludes an allowance for credit losses associated with certain accounts receivable in CIB of 21 million. 
 (c) The Firm s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance. 
 128 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Allocation of allowance for loan losses 
 The table below presents a breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan class. Refer to Note 12 for further information on loan classes. 
 2022 2021 December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Allowance for loan losses Percent of retained loans to total retained loans Allowance for loan losses Percent of retained loans to total retained loans Residential real estate 1,070 22 817 22 Auto and other 970 6 948 7 Consumer, excluding credit card 2,040 28 1,765 29 Credit card 11,200 17 10,250 15 Total consumer 13,240 45 12,015 45 Secured by real estate 1,782 12 1,495 12 Commercial and industrial 3,507 15 1,881 14 Other 1,197 28 995 29 Total wholesale 6,486 55 4,371 55 Total 19,726 100 16,386 100 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 129 

Management s discussion and analysis 

INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Investment portfolio risk is the risk associated with the loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments arising from the investment securities portfolio or from principal investments. The investment securities portfolio is predominantly held by Treasury and CIO in connection with the Firm's balance sheet and asset-liability management objectives. Principal investments are predominantly privately-held financial instruments and are managed in the LOBs and Corporate. Investments are typically intended to be held over extended periods and, accordingly, the Firm has no expectation for short-term realized gains with respect to these investments. 
 Investment securities risk 
 Investment securities risk includes the exposure associated with a default in the payment of principal and interest. This risk is mitigated given that the investment securities portfolio held by Treasury and CIO predominantly consists of high-quality securities. At December 31, 2022, the Treasury and CIO investment securities portfolio, net of the allowance for credit losses, was 629.3 billion, and the average credit rating of the securities comprising the portfolio was AA+ (based upon external ratings where available, and where not available, based primarily upon internal risk ratings). Refer to Corporate segment results on pages 79-80 and Note 10 for further information on the investment securities portfolio and internal risk ratings. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 97-104 for further information on related liquidity risk. Refer to Market Risk Management on pages 131-138 for further information on the market risk inherent in the portfolio. 
 Governance and oversight 
 Investment securities risks are governed by the Firm s Risk Appetite framework, and reviewed at the CTC Risk Committee with regular updates provided to the Board Risk Committee. 
 The Firm s independent control functions are responsible for reviewing the appropriateness of the carrying value of investment securities in accordance with relevant policies. Approved levels for investment securities are established for each risk category, including capital and credit risks. 

Principal investment risk 
 Principal investments are typically privately-held financial instruments representing ownership interests or other forms of junior capital. In general, principal investments include tax-oriented investments and investments made to enhance or accelerate the Firm s business strategies and exclude those that are consolidated on the Firm's balance sheets. These investments are made by dedicated investing businesses or as part of a broader business strategy. The Firm s principal investments are managed by the LOBs and Corporate and are reflected within their respective financial results. The Firm s investments will continue to evo lve in line with its strategies, including the Firm s commitment to support underserved communities and minority-owned businesses. 
 The table below presents the aggregate carrying values of the principal investment portfolios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (in billions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Tax-oriented investments, primarily in alternative energy and affordable housing 26.2 23.2 Private equity, various debt and equity instruments, and real assets 10.8 (a) 
 7.3 Total carrying value 37.0 30.5 
 (a) Includes the Firm s 40 ownership in C6 Bank and 49 ownership in Viva Wallet. 
 Governance and oversight 
 The Firm s approach to managing principal risk is consistent with the Firm s risk governance structure. The Firm has established a Firmwide risk policy framework for all principal investing activities that includes approval by executives who are independent from the investing businesses, as appropriate. 
 The Firm s independent control functions are responsible for reviewing the appropriateness of the carrying value of investments in accordance with relevant policies. As part of the risk governance structure, approved levels for investments are established and monitored for each relevant business or segment in order to manage the overall size of the portfolios. The Firm also conducts stress testing on these portfolios using specific scenarios that estimate losses based on significant market moves and/or other risk events. 

130 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Market risk is the risk associated with the effect of changes in market factors such as interest and foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit spreads or implied volatilities, on the value of assets and liabilities held for both the short and long term. 
 Market Risk Management 
 Market Risk Management monitors market risks throughout the Firm and defines market risk policies and procedures. 
 Market Risk Management seeks to manage risk, facilitate efficient risk/return decisions, reduce volatility in operating performance and provide transparency into the Firm s market risk profile for senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators. Market Risk Management is responsible for the following functions: 
 Maintaining a market risk policy framework 
 Independently measuring, monitoring and controlling LOB, Corporate, and Firmwide market risk 
 Defining, approving and monitoring of limits 
 Performing stress testing and qualitative risk assessments 
 Risk measurement 
 Measures used to capture market risk 
 There is no single measure to capture market risk and therefore Market Risk Management uses various metrics, both statistical and nonstatistical, to assess risk including: 
 Value-at-risk (VaR) 
 Stress testing 
 Profit and loss drawdowns 
 Earnings-at-risk 
 Other sensitivity-based measures 
 Risk monitoring and control 
 Market risk exposure is managed primarily through a series of limits set in the context of the market environment and business strategy. In setting limits, Market Risk Management takes into consideration factors such as market volatility, product liquidity, accommodation of client business, and management judgment. Market Risk Management maintains different levels of limits. Firm level limits include VaR and stress limits. Similarly, LOB and Corporate limits include VaR and stress limits and may be supplemented by certain nonstatistical risk measures such as profit and loss drawdowns. Limits may also be set within the LOBs and Corporate, as well as at the legal entity level. 

Market Risk Management sets limits and regularly reviews and updates them as appropriate. Senior management is responsible for reviewing and approving certain of these risk limits on an ongoing basis. Limits that have not been reviewed within specified time periods by Market Risk Management are reported to senior management. The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for adhering to established limits against which exposures are monitored and reported. 
 Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner to limit approvers, which include Market Risk Management and senior management. In the event of a breach, Market Risk Management consults with senior members of appropriate groups within the Firm to determine the suitable course of action required to return the applicable positions to compliance, which may include a reduction in risk in order to remedy the breach or granting a temporary increase in limits to accommodate an expected increase in client activity and/or market volatility. Certain Firm, Corporate or LOB-level limit breaches are escalated as appropriate. 
 Models used to measure market risk are inherently imprecise and are limited in their ability to measure certain risks or to predict losses. This imprecision may be heightened when sudden or severe shifts in market conditions occur. For additional discussion on model uncertainty refer to Estimations and Model Risk Management on page 148. 
 Market Risk Management periodically reviews the Firm s existing market risk measures to identify opportunities for enhancement, and to the extent appropriate, will calibrate those measures accordingly over time. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 131 

Management s discussion and analysis 

The following table summarizes the predominant business activities and related market risks, as well as positions which give rise to market risk and certain measures used to capture those risks, for each LOB and Corporate. 
 In addition to the predominant business activities, each LOB and Corporate may engage in principal investing activities. To the extent principal investments are deemed market risk sensitive, they are reflected in relevant risk measures and captured in the table below. Refer to Investment Portfolio Risk Management on page 130 for additional discussion on principal investments. 
 LOBs and Corporate Predominant business activities Related market risks Positions included in Risk Management VaR Positions included in earnings-at-risk Positions included in other sensitivity-based measures CCB Originates and services mortgage loans 
 Originates loans and takes deposits 
 Risk from changes in the probability of newly originated mortgage commitments closing 
 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk 
 Mortgage commitments, classified as derivatives 
 Warehouse loans that are fair value option elected, classified as loans debt instruments 
 MSRs 
 Hedges of mortgage commitments, warehouse loans and MSRs, classified as derivatives 
 Interest-only and mortgage-backed securities, classified as trading assets debt instruments, and related hedges, classified as derivatives 
 Fair value option elected liabilities (a) 
 Retained loan portfolio 
 Deposits 
 Fair value option elected liabilities DVA (a) 
 
 CIB Makes markets and services clients across fixed income, foreign exchange, equities and commodities 
 Originates loans and takes deposits 
 Risk of loss from adverse movements in market prices and implied volatilities across interest rate, foreign exchange, credit, commodity and equity instruments 
 Basis and correlation risk from changes in the way asset values move relative to one another 
 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk 
 
 Trading assets/liabilities debt and marketable equity instruments, and derivatives, including hedges of the retained loan portfolio 
 Certain securities purchased, loaned or sold under resale agreements and securities borrowed 
 Fair value option elected liabilities (a) 
 Certain fair value option elected loans 
 Derivative CVA and associated hedges 
 Marketable equity investments 
 Retained loan portfolio 
 Deposits 
 Privately held equity and other investments measured at fair value; and certain real estate-related fair value option elected loans 
 Derivatives FVA and fair value option elected liabilities DVA(a) 
 Credit risk component of CVA and associated hedges for counterparties with credit spreads that have widened to elevated levels 

C 
 CB Originates loans and takes deposits 
 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk 
 Marketable equity investments (b) 
 Retained loan portfolio 
 Deposits 
 AWM Provides initial capital investments in products such as mutual funds and capital invested alongside third-party investors 
 Originates loans and takes deposits 
 Risk from adverse movements in market factors (e.g., market prices, rates and credit spreads) 
 Interest rate risk and prepayment risk 
 Debt securities held in advance of distribution to clients, classified as trading assets - debt instruments (b) 
 Retained loan portfolio 
 Deposits 
 Initial seed capital investments and related hedges, classified as derivatives 
 Certain deferred compensation and related hedges, classified as derivatives 
 Capital invested alongside third-party investors, typically in privately distributed collective vehicles managed by AWM (i.e., co-investments) 
 Corporate Manages the Firm s liquidity, funding, capital, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks 
 Structural interest rate risk from the Firm s traditional banking activities 
 Structural non-USD foreign exchange risks 
 Derivative positions measured through noninterest revenue in earnings 
 Marketable equity investments 
 Deposits with banks 
 Investment securities portfolio and related interest rate hedges 
 Long-term debt and related interest rate hedges 
 Deposits 
 Privately held equity and other investments measured at fair value 
 Foreign exchange exposure related to Firm-issued non-USD long-term debt LTD and related hedges 
 
 (a) Reflects structured notes in Risk Management VaR and the DVA on structured notes in other sensitivity-based measures. 
 (b) The AWM and CB contributions to Firmwide average VaR were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 132 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Value-at-risk 
 JPMorgan Chase utilizes value-at-risk VaR ), a statistical risk measure, to estimate the potential loss from adverse market moves in the current market environment. The Firm has a single VaR framework used as a basis for calculating Risk Management VaR and Regulatory VaR. 
 The framework is employed across the Firm using historical simulation based on data for the previous 12 months. The framework s approach assumes that historical changes in market values are representative of the distribution of potential outcomes in the immediate future. The Firm believes the use of Risk Management VaR provides a daily measure of risk that is closely aligned to risk management decisions made by the LOBs and Corporate and, along with other market risk measures, provides the appropriate information needed to respond to risk events. 
 The Firm s Risk Management VaR is calculated assuming a one-day holding period and an expected tail-loss methodology which approximates a 95 confidence level. Risk Management VaR provides a consistent framework to measure risk profiles and levels of diversification across product types and is used for aggregating risks and monitoring limits across businesses. VaR results are reported to senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators. 
 Underlying the overall VaR model framework are individual VaR models that simulate historical market returns for individual risk factors and/or product types. To capture material market risks as part of the Firm s risk management framework, comprehensive VaR model calculations are performed daily for businesses whose activities give rise to market risk. These VaR models are granular and incorporate numerous risk factors and inputs to simulate daily changes in market values over the historical period; inputs are selected based on the risk profile of each portfolio, as sensitivities and historical time series used to generate daily market values may be different across product types or risk management systems. The VaR model results across all portfolios are aggregated at the Firm level. 
 As VaR is based on historical data, it is an imperfect measure of market risk exposure and potential future losses. In addition, based on their reliance on available historical data, limited time horizons, and other factors, VaR measures are inherently limited in their ability to measure certain risks and to predict losses, particularly those associated with market illiquidity and sudden or severe shifts in market conditions. 
 For certain products, specific risk parameters are not captured in VaR due to the lack of liquidity and availability of appropriate historical data. The Firm uses proxies to estimate the VaR for these and other products when daily time series are not available. It is likely that using an actual price-based time series for these products, if available, would affect the VaR results presented. The Firm therefore considers other nonstatistical measures such as stress 

testing, in addition to VaR, to capture and manage its market risk positions. 
 The daily market data used in VaR models may be different than the independent third-party data collected for VCG price testing in its monthly valuation process. For example, in cases where market prices are not observable, or where proxies are used in VaR historical time series, the data sources may differ. Refer to Valuation process in Note 2 for further information on the Firm s valuation process. As VaR model calculations require daily data and a consistent source for valuation, it may not be practical to use the data collected in the VCG monthly valuation process for VaR model calculations. 
 The Firm s VaR model calculations are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm s portfolios, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm s modeling techniques and measurements, and other factors. Such changes may affect historical comparisons of VaR results. Refer to Estimations and Model Risk Management on page 148 for information regarding model reviews and approvals. 
 The Firm calculates separately a daily aggregated VaR in accordance with regulatory rules Regulatory VaR ), which is used to derive the Firm s regulatory VaR-based capital requirements under Basel III capital rules. This Regulatory VaR model framework currently assumes a ten business-day holding period and an expected tail loss methodology which approximates a 99 confidence level. Regulatory VaR is applied to covered positions as defined by Basel III capital rules, which may be different than the positions included in the Firm s Risk Management VaR. For example, credit derivative hedges of accrual loans are included in the Firm s Risk Management VaR, while Regulatory VaR excludes these credit derivative hedges. In addition, in contrast to the Firm s Risk Management VaR, Regulatory VaR currently excludes the diversification benefit for certain VaR models. 
 Refer to JPMorgan Chase s Basel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm s website, for additional information on Regulatory VaR and the other components of market risk regulatory capital for the Firm (e.g., VaR-based measure, stressed VaR-based measure and the respective backtesting). 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 133 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 The table below shows the results of the Firm s Risk Management VaR measure using a 95 confidence level. VaR can vary significantly as positions change, market volatility fluctuates, and diversification benefits change. 
 Total VaR As of or for the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Avg. Min Max Avg. Min Max CIB trading VaR by risk type Fixed income 59 33 82 60 30 153 Foreign exchange 8 3 15 6 2 27 Equities 12 7 20 16 8 38 Commodities and other 15 10 28 19 9 43 Diversification benefit to CIB trading VaR 
 (43) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 (49) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 CIB trading VaR 51 34 69 52 22 134 Credit Portfolio VaR 16 (b)(c) 
 4 (b) 
 235 (b)(c) 
 6 4 12 Diversification benefit to CIB VaR 
 (10) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 (6) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 CIB VaR 
 57 35 240 52 22 133 CCB VaR 
 6 2 20 5 3 11 Corporate and other LOB VaR 
 12 (d) 
 9 16 (d) 
 24 (d) 
 14 94 (d) 
 Diversification benefit to other VaR 
 (4) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 (4) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 Other VaR 14 10 24 25 14 94 Diversification benefit to CIB and other VaR 
 (13) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 (22) (a) 
 NM (e) 
 NM (e) 
 Total VaR 58 34 242 55 24 153 
 (a) Diversification benefit represents the difference between the portfolio VaR and the sum of its individual components. This reflects the non-additive nature of VaR due to imperfect correlation across LOBs, Corporate, and risk types. 
 (b) In the first quarter of 2022, in line with the Firm's internal model governance, the credit risk component of CVA related to certain counterparties was removed from Credit Portfolio VaR due to the widening of the credit spreads for those counterparties to elevated levels. The related hedges were also removed to maintain consistency. This exposure is now reflected in other sensitivity-based measures. 
 (c) In March 2022, the effects of nickel price increases and the associated volatility in the nickel market resulted in elevated average and maximum Credit Portfolio VaR. 
 (d) The decrease in Corporate and other LOB VaR was driven by lower market values for a legacy private equity position in Corporate which is publicly traded. 
 (e) The maximum and minimum VaR for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the components, and consequently, diversification benefit is not meaningful. 
 Average Total VaR increased by 3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared with the prior year. The increase was driven by the effects of nickel price increases and the associated volatility in the nickel market observed in March 2022 impacting Credit Portfolio VaR, predominantly offset by a decrease in Corporate and other LOB VaR. 
 The following graph presents daily Risk Management VaR for the four trailing quarters. The movement in VaR in March 2022 was driven by changes in nickel-related counterparty exposure in the Firm's Credit Portfolio. 
 
 Daily Risk Management VaR 
 
 First Quarter 2022 Second Quarter 2022 Third Quarter 2022 Fourth Quarter 2022 
 
 134 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

VaR backtesting 
 The Firm performs daily VaR model backtesting, which compares the daily Risk Management VaR results with the daily gains and losses that are utilized for VaR backtesting purposes. The gains and losses depicted in the chart below do not reflect the Firm s reported revenue as they exclude certain components of total net revenue, such as those associated with the execution of new transactions (i.e., intraday client-driven trading and intraday risk management activities), fees, commissions, other valuation adjustments and net interest income. These excluded components of total net revenue may more than offset the backtesting gain or loss on a particular day. The definition of backtesting gains and losses above is consistent with the requirements for backtesting under Basel III capital rules. 
 A backtesting exception occurs when the daily backtesting loss exceeds the daily Risk Management VaR for the prior day. Under the Firm s Risk Management VaR methodology, assuming current changes in market values are consistent with the historical changes used in the simulation, the Firm would expect to incur VaR backtesting exceptions five times every 100 trading days on average. The number of VaR backtesting exceptions observed can differ from the statistically expected number of backtesting exceptions if the current level of market volatility is materially different from the level of market volatility during the 12 months of historical data used in the VaR calculation. 
 For the 12 months ended December 31, 2022, the Firm posted backtesting gains on 136 of the 259 days, and observed 17 VaR backtesting exceptions. Firmwide backtesting loss days can differ from the loss days for which Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets posted losses, as disclosed in CIB Markets revenue, as the population of positions which compose each metric are different and due to the exclusion of certain components of total net revenue in backtesting gains and losses as described above. For more information on CIB Markets revenue, refer to pages 70-71. 
 The following chart presents the distribution of Firmwide daily backtesting gains and losses for the trailing 12 months and three months ended December 31, 2022. The daily backtesting losses are displayed as a percentage of the corresponding daily Risk Management VaR. The count of days with backtesting losses are shown in aggregate, in fifty percentage point intervals. Backtesting exceptions are displayed within the intervals that are greater than one hundred percent. The results in the chart below differ from the results of backtesting disclosed in the Market Risk section of the Firm s B asel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are based on Regulatory VaR applied to the Firm s covered positions. 
 Distribution of Daily Backtesting Gains and Losses 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 135 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Other risk measures 
 Stress testing 
 Along with VaR, stress testing is an important tool used to assess risk. While VaR reflects the risk of loss due to adverse changes in markets using recent historical market behavior, stress testing reflects the risk of loss from hypothetical changes in the value of market risk sensitive positions applied simultaneously. Stress testing measures the Firm s vulnerability to losses under a range of stressed but possible economic and market scenarios. The results are used to understand the exposures responsible for those potential losses and are measured against limits. 
 The Firm s stress framework covers market risk sensitive positions in the LOBs and Corporate. The framework is used to calculate multiple magnitudes of potential stress for both market rallies and market sell-offs, assuming significant changes in market factors such as credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, and combines them in multiple ways to capture an array of hypothetical economic and market scenarios. 
 The Firm generates a number of scenarios that focus on tail events in specific asset classes and geographies, including how the event may impact multiple market factors simultaneously. Scenarios also incorporate specific idiosyncratic risks and stress basis risk between different products. The flexibility in the stress framework allows the Firm to construct new scenarios that can test the outcomes against possible future stress events. Stress testing results are reported periodically to senior management of the Firm, as appropriate. 
 Stress scenarios are governed by the overall stress framework, under the oversight of Market Risk Management, and the models to calculate the stress results are subject to the Firm s Estimations and Model Risk Management Policy. The Firmwide Market Risk Stress Methodology Committee reviews and approves changes to stress testing methodology and scenarios across the Firm. Significant changes to the framework are escalated to senior management, as appropriate. 
 The Firm s stress testing framework is utilized in calculating the Firm s CCAR and other stress test results, which are reported periodically to the Board of Directors. In addition, stress testing results are incorporated into the Firm s Risk Appetite framework, and are reported periodically to the Board Risk Committee. 
 Profit and loss drawdowns 
 Profit and loss drawdowns are used to highlight trading losses above certain levels of risk tolerance. A profit and loss drawdown is a decline in revenue from its year-to-date peak level. 
 Earnings-at-risk 
 The effect of interest rate exposure on the Firm s reported net income is important as interest rate risk represents one of the Firm s significant market risks. Interest rate risk arises not only from trading activities but also from the 

Firm s traditional banking activities, which include extension of loans and credit facilities, taking deposits, issuing debt and the investment securities portfolio. Refer to the table on page 132 for a summary by LOB and Corporate, identifying positions included in earnings-at-risk . 
 The CTC Risk Committee establishes the Firm s structural interest rate risk policy and related limits, which are subject to approval by the Board Risk Committee. Treasury and CIO, working in partnership with the LOBs, calculates the Firm s structural interest rate risk profile and reviews it with senior management, including the CTC Risk Committee. In addition, oversight of structural interest rate risk is managed through a dedicated risk function reporting to the CTC CRO. This risk function is responsible for providing independent oversight and governance around assumptions and establishing and monitoring limits for structural interest rate risk. The Firm manages structural interest rate risk generally through its investment securities portfolio and interest rate derivatives. 
 Structural interest rate risk can arise due to a variety of factors, including: 
 Differences in timing among the maturity or repricing of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments 
 Differences in the amounts of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments that are maturing or repricing at the same time 
 Differences in the amounts by which short-term and long-term market interest rates change (for example, changes in the slope of the yield curve) 
 The impact of changes in the maturity of various assets, liabilities or off-balance sheet instruments as interest rates change 
 The Firm manages interest rate exposure related to its assets and liabilities on a consolidated, Firmwide basis. Business units transfer their interest rate risk to Treasury and CIO through funds transfer pricing, which takes into account the elements of interest rate exposure that can be risk-managed in financial markets. These elements include asset and liability balances and contractual rates of interest, contractual principal payment schedules, expected prepayment experience, interest rate reset dates and maturities, rate indices used for repricing, and any interest rate ceilings or floors for adjustable rate products. 
 One way that the Firm evaluates its structural interest rate risk is through earnings-at-risk. Earnings-at-risk estimates the Firm s interest rate exposure for a given interest rate scenario. It is presented as a sensitivity to a baseline, which includes net interest income and certain interest rate sensitive fees. The baseline uses market interest rates and, in the case of deposits, pricing assumptions. The Firm conducts simulations of changes to this baseline for interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars and other currencies non-U.S. dollar currencies). These simulations primarily include retained loans, 

136 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

deposits, deposits with banks, investment securities, long-term debt and any related interest rate hedges, and funds transfer pricing of other positions in risk management VaR and other sensitivity-based measures as described on page 132. 
 Earnings-at-risk scenarios estimate the potential change to a net interest income baseline over the following 12 months utilizing multiple assumptions. These scenarios include a parallel shift involving changes to both short-term and long-term rates by an equal amount; a steeper yield curve involving holding short-term rates constant and increasing long-term rates; and a flatter yield curve involving increasing short-term rates and holding long-term rates constant or holding short-term rates constant and decreasing long-term rates. These scenarios consider many different factors, including: 
 The impact on exposures as a result of instantaneous changes in interest rates from baseline rates. 
 Forecasted balance sheet, as well as modeled prepayment and reinvestment behavior, but excluding assumptions about actions that could be taken by the Firm or its clients and customers in response to instantaneous rate changes. Mortgage prepayment assumptions are based on the interest rates used in the scenarios compared with underlying contractual rates, the time since origination, and other factors which are updated periodically based on historical experience. Deposit forecasts are a key assumption in the Firm s earnings-at-risk. The baseline reflects certain assumptions relating to the reversal of Quantitative Easing that are highly uncertain and require management judgment. Therefore, the actual amount of deposits held by the Firm, at any particular time, could be impacted by actions the Federal Reserve may take as part of monetary policy, including through the use of the Reverse Repurchase Facility. In addition, there are other factors that impact the amount of deposits held at the Firm such as the level of loans across the industry and competition for deposits. 
 The pricing sensitivity of deposits, known as deposit betas, represent the amount by which deposit rates paid could change upon a given change in market interest rates. The deposit rates paid in these scenarios differ from actual deposit rates paid, due to repricing lags and other factors. 
 The Firm s earnings-at-risk scenarios are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm s balance sheet, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm s simulation and other factors. The Firm is currently evaluating the modeling of repricing lags for deposits in its earnings-at-risk scenarios. Incorporating repricing lags, in the current environment, would significantly affect the U.S. dollar interest rate scenarios, with higher interest rate scenarios expected to result in a positive impact, and lower interest rate scenarios expected to result in a negative impact, on the Firm s earnings-at-risk. While a relevant measure of the 

Firm s interest rate exposure, the earnings-at-risk analysis does not represent a forecast of the Firm s net interest income (Refer to Outlook on page 49 for additional information) . 
 The Firm s U.S. dollar sensitivities are presented in the table below. 
 December 31, (in billions) 2022 2021 Parallel shift: +100 bps shift in rates (2.0) 5.0 -100 bps shift in rates 2.4 NM (a) 
 Steeper yield curve: +100 bps shift in long-term rates 0.8 1.8 -100 bps shift in short-term rates 3.2 NM (a) 
 Flatter yield curve: +100 bps shift in short-term rates (2.8) 3.2 -100 bps shift in long-term rates (0.9) NM (a) 
 
 (a) Given the level of market interest rates, these scenarios were not considered to be meaningful as of December 31, 2021. 
 The change in the Firm s U.S. dollar sensitivities as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 reflected updates to the Firm s baseline for higher interest rates and higher corresponding modeled deposit betas, as well as the impact of changes in the Firm s balance sheet. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Firm s sensitivity to the +/-100 basis points parallel and short-term shift in rates is primarily the result of a greater impact from liabilities repricing compared to the impact of assets repricing, while a +/-100 basis points shift in long-term rates is primarily the result of a greater impact from assets repricing compared to the impact of liabilities repricing. 
 The Firm s non-U.S. dollar sensitivities are presented in the table below. 
 December 31, (in billions) 2022 2021 Parallel shift: +100 bps shift in rates 0.7 0.8 -100 bps shift in rates (0.6) NM (a) 
 Steeper yield curve: -100 bps shift in short-term rates (0.6) NM (a) 
 Flatter yield curve: +100 bps shift in short-term rates 0.6 0.8 
 (a) Given the level of market interest rates, these scenarios were not considered to be meaningful as of December 31, 2021. 
 The results of the non-U.S. dollar interest rate scenario involving a steeper/flatter yield curve with long-term rates increasing/decreasing by 100 basis points and short-term rates staying at current levels were not material to the Firm s earnings-at-risk at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 137 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Non-U.S. dollar foreign exchange risk 
 Non-U.S. dollar FX risk is the risk that changes in foreign exchange rates affect the value of the Firm s assets or liabilities or future results. The Firm has structural non-U.S. dollar FX exposures arising from capital investments, forecasted expense and revenue, the investment securities portfolio and non-U.S. dollar-denominated debt issuance. Treasury and CIO, working in partnership with the LOBs, primarily manage these risks on behalf of the Firm. Treasury and CIO may hedge certain of these risks using derivatives. Refer to Business Segment Results on page 62 for additional information. 
 
 Other sensitivity-based measures 
 The Firm quantifies the market risk of certain debt and equity and credit and funding-related exposures by assessing the potential impact on net revenue, other comprehensive income OCI and noninterest expense due to changes in relevant market variables. Refer to the predominant business activities that give rise to market risk on page 132 for additional information on the positions captured in other sensitivity-based measures. 
 The table below represents the potential impact to net revenue, OCI or noninterest expense for market risk sensitive instruments that are not included in VaR or earnings-at-risk. Where appropriate, instruments used for hedging purposes are reported net of the positions being hedged. The sensitivities disclosed in the table below may not be representative of the actual gain or loss that would have been realized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the movement in market parameters across maturities may vary and are not intended to imply management s expectation of future changes in these sensitivities. 
 Gain/(loss) (in millions) 
 Activity Description Sensitivity measure December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Debt and equity (a) 
 Asset Management activities Consists of seed capital and related hedges; fund co-investments (c) ; and certain deferred compensation and related hedges (d) 
 10 decline in market value (56) (69) Other debt and equity Consists of certain real estate-related fair value option elected loans, privately held equity and other investments held at fair value (c) 
 10 decline in market value (1,046) (971) Credit- and funding-related exposures Non-USD LTD cross-currency basis 
 Represents the basis risk on derivatives used to hedge the foreign exchange risk on the non-USD LTD (e) 
 1 basis point parallel tightening of cross currency basis (12) (16) Non-USD LTD hedges foreign currency FX exposure 
 Primarily represents the foreign exchange revaluation on the fair value of the derivative hedges (e) 
 10 depreciation of currency 3 15 Derivatives funding spread risk Impact of changes in the spread related to derivatives FVA (c) 
 1 basis point parallel increase in spread (4) (7) CVA - counterparty credit risk (b) 
 Credit risk component of CVA and associated hedges 10 credit spread widening (1) N/A Fair value option elected liabilities - funding spread risk Impact of changes in the spread related to fair value option elected liabilities DVA (e) 
 1 basis point parallel increase in spread 43 41 Fair value option elected liabilities interest rate sensitivity 
 Interest rate sensitivity on fair value option elected liabilities resulting from a change in the Firm s own credit spread (e) 
 1 basis point parallel increase in spread (3) Interest rate sensitivity related to risk management of changes in the Firm s own credit spread on the fair value option elected liabilities noted above (c) 
 1 basis point parallel increase in spread 3 
 (a) Excludes equity securities without readily determinable fair values that are measured under the measurement alternative. Refer to Note 2 for additional information. 
 (b) In the first quarter of 2022, in line with the Firm's internal model governance, the credit risk component of CVA related to certain counterparties was removed from Credit Portfolio VaR due to the widening of the credit spreads for those counterparties to elevated levels. The related hedges were also removed to maintain consistency. This exposure is now reflected in other sensitivity-based measures. 
 (c) Impact recognized through net revenue. 
 (d) Impact recognized through noninterest expense. 
 (e) Impact recognized through OCI. 
 138 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

COUNTRY RISK MANAGEMENT 
 The Firm, through its LOBs and Corporate, may be exposed to country risk resulting from financial, economic, political or other significant developments which adversely affect the value of the Firm s exposures related to a particular country or set of countries. The Country Risk Management group actively monitors the various portfolios which may be impacted by these developments and measures the extent to which the Firm s exposures are diversified given the Firm s strategy and risk tolerance relative to a country. 
 Organization and management 
 Country Risk Management is an independent risk management function that assesses, manages and monitors exposure to country risk across the Firm. 
 The Firm s country risk management function includes the following activities: 
 Maintaining policies, procedures and standards consistent with a comprehensive country risk framework 
 Assigning sovereign ratings, assessing country risks and establishing risk tolerance relative to a country 
 Measuring and monitoring country risk exposure and stress across the Firm 
 Managing and approving country limits and reporting trends and limit breaches to senior management 
 Developing surveillance tools, such as signaling models and ratings indicators, for early identification of potential country risk concerns 
 Providing country risk scenario analysis 
 Sources and measurement 
 The Firm is exposed to country risk through its lending and deposits, investing, and market-making activities, whether cross-border or locally funded. Country exposure includes activity with both government and private-sector entities in a country. 
 Under the Firm s internal country risk management approach, attribution of exposure to an individual country is based on the country where the largest proportion of the assets of the counterparty, issuer, obligor or guarantor are located or where the largest proportion of its revenue is derived, which may be different than the domicile (i.e. legal residence) or country of incorporation. 
 Individual country exposures reflect an aggregation of the Firm s risk to an immediate default, with zero recovery, of the counterparties, issuers, obligors or guarantors attributed to that country. Activities which result in contingent or indirect exposure to a country are not included in the country exposure measure (for exa mple, providing clearing services or secondary exposure to collateral on securities financing receivables). 
 Assumptions are sometimes required in determining the measurement and allocation of country exposure, particularly in the case of certain non-linear or index products, or where the nature of the counterparty, issuer, obligor or guarantor is not suitable for attribution to an 

individual country. The use of different measurement approaches or assumptions could affect the amount of reported country exposure. 
 Under the Firm s internal country risk measurement framework: 
 Deposits with banks are measured as the cash balances placed with central banks, commercial banks, and other financial institutions 
 Lending exposures are measured at the total committed amount (funded and unfunded), net of the allowance for credit losses and eligible cash and marketable securities collateral received 
 Securities financing exposures are measured at their receivable balance, net of eligible collateral received 
 Debt and equity securities are measured at the fair value of all positions, including both long and short positions 
 Counterparty exposure on derivative receivables is measured at the derivative s fair value, net of the fair value of the eligible collateral received 
 Credit derivatives exposure is measured at the net notional amount of protection purchased or sold for the same underlying reference entity, inclusive of the fair value of the derivative receivable or payable, reflecting the manner in which the Firm manages these exposures 
 The Firm s internal country risk reporting differs from the reporting provided under the FFIEC bank regulatory requirements. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 139 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Stress testing 
 Stress testing is an important component of the Firm s country risk management framework, which aims to estimate and limit losses arising from a country crisis by measuring the impact of adverse asset price movements to a country based on market shocks combined with counterparty specific assumptions. Country Risk Management periodically designs and runs tailored stress scenarios to test vulnerabilities to individual countries or sets of countries in response to specific or potential market events, sector performance concerns, sovereign actions and geopolitical risks. These tailored stress results are used to inform potential risk reduction across the Firm, as necessary. 
 Risk reporting 
 Country exposure and stress are measured and reported regularly, and used by Country Risk Management to identify trends and monitor high usages and breaches against limits. 
 For country risk management purposes, the Firm may report exposure to jurisdictions that are not fully autonomous, including Special Administrative Regions SAR and dependent territories, separately from the independent sovereign states with which they are associated. 
 The following table presents the Firm s top 20 exposures by country (excluding the U.S.) as of December 31, 2022, and their comparative exposures as of December 31, 2021. The selection of countries represents the Firm s largest total exposures by individual country, based on the Firm s internal country risk management approach, and does not represent the Firm s view of any existing or potentially adverse credit conditions. Country exposures may fluct uate from period to period due to client activity and market flows. 
 The increase in exposure to Germany and the decrease in exposure to the U.K. were primarily due to changes in cash placements with the central banks of those countries driven by balance sheet and liquidity management activities. 
 The decrease in exposure to Australia was driven by reductions in cash placed with the central bank of Australia and government debt securities, due to client-driven market-making activities and lower client cash deposits resulting from higher interest rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, exposure to Russia was approximately 500 million. This amount excludes certain deposits placed on behalf of clients, largely at the Russian National Settlement Depository. In accordance with requirements of the Bank of Russia, these deposits were transferred to the Depository Insurance Agency of Russia on February 3, 2023. 

Top 20 country exposures (excluding the U.S.) (a) 
 December 31, (in billions) 2022 2021 (f) 
 Deposits with banks (b) 
 Lending (c) 
 Trading and investing (d) 
 Other (e) 
 Total exposure Total exposure Germany 79.5 11.3 1.9 0.5 93.2 61.7 United Kingdom 30.8 23.0 14.5 1.8 70.1 96.4 Japan 48.2 3.1 4.2 0.3 55.8 45.5 Australia 15.9 6.2 3.6 25.7 39.1 France 0.4 11.4 2.6 3.7 18.1 14.0 Brazil 4.2 4.9 8.7 17.8 12.0 Switzerland 8.8 3.3 1.6 1.6 15.3 20.9 Canada 2.6 10.2 1.5 0.1 14.4 16.9 China 2.5 5.7 5.5 13.7 18.6 South Korea 1.4 3.5 4.9 0.2 10.0 8.7 Singapore 1.2 4.6 3.7 0.4 9.9 12.3 Belgium 6.3 1.7 1.2 9.2 6.8 India 1.3 4.0 2.8 0.9 9.0 14.7 Saudi Arabia 0.7 5.6 1.6 7.9 9.1 Netherlands 
 0.2 7.2 (0.8) 0.5 7.1 6.8 Spain 
 0.4 4.9 0.5 5.8 10.1 Mexico 0.5 4.4 0.5 5.4 4.9 Luxembourg 0.9 2.9 1.5 5.3 11.5 Hong Kong SAR 2.8 0.9 0.7 0.1 4.5 5.9 Sweden 1.1 3.1 0.2 4.4 4.4 
 (a) Country exposures presented in the table reflect 87 and 88 of total F irmwide non-U.S. exposure, where exposure is attributed to an individual country, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Predominantly represents cash placed with central banks. 
 (c) Includes loans and accrued interest receivable, lending-related commitments (net of eligible collateral and the allowance for credit losses). Excludes intra-day and operating exposures, such as those from settlement and clearing activities. 
 (d) Includes market-making inventory, Investment securities, and counterparty exposure on derivative and securities financings net of eligible collateral and hedging. Includes exposure from single reference entity single-name ), index and other multiple reference entity transactions for which one or more of the underlying reference entities is in a country listed in the above table. 
 (e) Includes physical commodities inventory and clearing house guarantee funds. 
 (f) The country rankings presented in the table as of December 31, 2021, are based on the country rankings of the corresponding exposures at December 31, 2022 , not actual rankings of such exposures at December 31, 2021. 

140 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

CLIMATE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Climate risk is the risk associated with the impacts of climate change on the Firm s clients, customers, operations and business strategy. Climate change is viewed as a driver of risk that may impact existing types of risks managed by the Firm. Climate risk is categorized into physical risk and transition risk. 
 Physical risk refers to economic costs and financial loss associated with a changing climate. Acute physical risk drivers include the increased frequency or severity of climate and weather events, such as floods, wildfires and tropical storms. Chronic physical risk drivers include more gradual shifts in the climate, such as rising sea levels, persistent changes in precipitation levels and increases in average ambient temperatures. 
 Transition risk refers to the financial and economic implications associated with a societal adjustment to a low-carbon economy. Transition risk drivers include possible changes in public policy, adoption of new technologies and shifts in consumer preferences. Transition risks may also be influenced by changes in the physical climate. 
 Organization and management 
 The Firm has a Climate Risk Management function that is responsible for establishing the Firmwide framework and strategy for managing climate risk. The Climate Risk Management function engages across the Firm to help integrate climate risk considerations into existing risk management frameworks, as appropriate. 
 Other responsibilities of Climate Risk Management include: 
 Setting policies, standards, procedures and processes to support identification, escalation, monitoring and management of climate risk across the Firm 
 Developing metrics, scenarios, and stress testing mechanisms designed to assess the range of potential climate-related financial and economic impacts to the Firm 
 Establishing a Firmwide climate risk data strategy and the supporting climate risk technology infrastructure 
 The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for the identification, assessment and management of climate risks present in their business activities and for adherence to applicable climate-related laws, rules and regulations. 

Governance and oversight 
 The Firm s approach to managing climate risk is consistent with the Firm s risk governance structure. The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for integrating climate risk management into existing governance frameworks, or creating new governance frameworks, as appropriate. 
 The LOBs, Corporate and Climate Risk Management are responsible for providing the Board Risk Committee with information on significant climate risks and climate-related initiatives, as appropriate. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 141 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Operational risk is the risk of an adverse outcome resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems; human factors; or external events impacting the Firm s processes or systems. Operational Risk includes compliance, conduct, legal, and estimations and model risk. Operational risk is inherent in the Firm s activities and can manifest itself in various ways, including fraudulent acts, business disruptions (including those caused by extraordinary events beyond the Firm's control), cyber attacks, inappropriate employee behavior, failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations or failure of vendors or other third party providers to perform in accordance with their agreements. Operational Risk Management attempts to manage operational risk at appropriate levels in light of the Firm s financial position, the characteristics of its businesses, and the markets and regulatory environments in which it operates. 
 Operational Risk Management Framework 
 The Firm s Compliance, Conduct, and Operational Risk CCOR Management Framework is designed to enable the Firm to govern, identify, measure, monitor and test, manage and report on the Firm s operational risk. 
 Operational Risk Governance 
 The LOBs and Corporate are responsible for the management of operational risk. The Control Management Organization, which consists of control managers within each LOB and Corporate, is responsible for the day-to-day execution of the CCOR Framework. 
 The Firm s Global Chief Compliance Officer CCO and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite is responsible for defining the CCOR Management Framework and establishing the minimum standards for its execution. The LOB and Corporate aligned CCOR Lead Officers report to the Global CCO and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite and are independent of the respective businesses or functions they oversee. The CCOR Management Framework is included in the Risk Governance and Oversight Policy that is reviewed and approved by the Board Risk Committee periodically. 
 Operational Risk Identification 
 The Firm utilizes a structured risk and control self-assessment process that is executed by the LOBs and Corporate. As part of this process, the LOBs and Corporate evaluate the effectiveness of their respective control environment to assess where controls have failed, and to determine where remediation efforts may be required. The Firm s Operational Risk and Compliance organization Operational Risk and Compliance provides oversight of and challenge to these evaluations and may also perform independent assessments of significant operational risk events and areas of concentrated or emerging risk. 

Operational Risk Measurement 
 Operational Risk and Compliance performs an independent assessment of the operational risks inherent within the LOBs and Corporate, which includes evaluating the effectiveness of the control environments and reporting the results to senior management. 
 In addition, Operational Risk and Compliance assesses operational risks through quantitative means, including operational risk-based capital and estimation of operational risk losses under both baseline and stressed conditions. 
 The primary component of the operational risk capital estimate is the Loss Distribution Approach LDA statistical model, which simulates the frequency and severity of future operational risk loss projections based on historical data. The LDA model is used to estimate an aggregate operational risk loss over a one-year time horizon, at a 99.9 confidence level. The LDA model incorporates actual internal operational risk losses in the quarter following the period in which those losses were realized, and the calculation generally continues to reflect such losses even after the issues or business activities giving rise to the losses have been remediated or reduced. 
 As required under the Basel III capital framework, the Firm s operational risk-based capital methodology, which uses the Advanced Measurement Approach AMA ), incorporates internal and external losses as well as management s view of tail risk captured through operational risk scenario analysis, and evaluation of key business environment and internal control metrics. The Firm does not reflect the impact of insurance in its AMA estimate of operational risk capital. 
 The Firm considers the impact of stressed economic conditions on operational risk losses and develops a forward looking view of material operational risk events that may occur in a stressed environment. The Firm s operational risk stress testing framework is utilized in calculating results for the Firm s CCAR and other stress testing processes. 
 Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 86-96 for information related to operational risk RWA, and CCAR. 
 Operational Risk Monitoring and testing 
 The results of risk assessments performed by Operational Risk and Compliance are used in connection with their independent monitoring and testing compliance of the LOBs and Corporate with laws, rules and regulations. Through monitoring and testing, Operational Risk and Compliance independently identify areas of heightened operational risk and tests the effectiveness of controls within the LOBs and Corporate. 

142 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Management of Operational Risk 
 The operational risk areas or issues identified through monitoring and testing are escalated to the LOBs and Corporate to be remediated through action plans, as needed, to mitigate operational risk. Operational Risk and Compliance may advise the LOBs and Corporate in the development and implementation of action plans. 
 Operational Risk Reporting 
 All employees of the Firm are expected to escalate risks appropriately. Risks identified by Operational Risk and Compliance are escalated to the appropriate LOB and Corporate Control Committees, as needed. Operational Risk and Compliance has established standards designed to ensure that consistent operational risk reporting and operational risk reports are produced on a Firmwide basis as well as by the LOBs and Corporate. Reporting includes the evaluation of key risk and performance indicators against established thresholds as well as the assessment of different types of operational risk against stated risk appetite. The standards reinforce escalation protocols to senior management and to the Board of Directors. 
 Subcategories and examples of operational risks 
 Operational risk can manifest itself in various ways. Operational risk subcategories include Compliance risk, Conduct risk, Legal risk, and Estimations and Model risk. Refer to pages 145, 146, 147 and 148, respectively for more information on Compliance, Conduct, Legal, and Estimations and Model risk. Details on other select examples of operational risks such as cybersecurity, business and technology resiliency, payment fraud and third-party outsourcing are provided below. 
 War in Ukraine and Sanctions 
 In response to the war in Ukraine, numerous financial and economic sanctions have been imposed on Russia and Russia-associated entities and individuals by various governments around the world, including the authorities in the U.S., U.K. and EU. These sanctions are complex and continue to evolve. The Firm continues to face increased operational risk associated with addressing these complex compliance-related matters. To manage this increased risk, the Firm has implemented controls reasonably designed to mitigate the risk of non-compliance and to prevent dealing with sanctioned persons or in property subject to sanctions, as well as to block or restrict payments as required by the applicable regulations. 
 Cybersecurity risk 
 Cybersecurity risk is the risk of the Firm s exposure to harm or loss resulting from misuse or abuse of technology by malicious actors. Cybersecurity risk is an important and continuously evolving focus for the Firm. Significant resources are devoted to protecting and enhancing the security of computer systems, software, networks, storage devices, and other technology assets. The Firm s security efforts are designed to protect against, among other things, cybersecurity attacks by unauthorized parties attempting to obtain access to confidential information, destroy data, 

disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. 
 The Firm has experienced, and expects that it will continue to experience, a higher volume and complexity of cyber attacks against the backdrop of heightened geopolitical tensions. The Firm has implemented precautionary measures and controls reasonably designed to address this increased risk, such as enhanced threat monitoring. There can be no assurance that the measures taken by the Firm will be successful in defending against cyber attacks. 
 Ongoing business expansions may expose the Firm to potential new threats as well as expanded regulatory scrutiny including the introduction of new cybersecurity requirements. The Firm continues to make significant investments in enhancing its cyber defense capabilities and to strengthen its partnerships with the appropriate government and law enforcement agencies and other businesses in order to understand the full spectrum of cybersecurity risks in the operating environment, enhance defenses and improve resiliency against cybersecurity threats. The Firm actively participates in discussions and simulations of cybersecurity risks both internally and with law enforcement, government officials, peer and industry groups, and has significantly increased efforts to educate employees and certain clients on the topic of cybersecurity risks. 
 Third parties with which the Firm does business or that facilitate the Firm s business activities (e.g., vendors, supply chain, exchanges, clearing houses, central depositories, and financial intermediaries) are also sources of cybersecurity risk to the Firm. Third party cybersecurity incidents such as system breakdowns or failures, misconduct by the employees of such parties, or cyber attacks, including ransomware and supply-chain compromises, could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Firm or result in lost or compromised information of the Firm or its clients. Clients are also sources of cybersecurity risk to the Firm and its information assets, particularly when their activities and systems are beyond the Firm s own security and control systems. As a result, the Firm engages in regular and ongoing discussions with certain vendors and clients regarding cybersecurity risks and opportunities to improve security. However, where cybersecurity incidents occur as a result of client failures to maintain the security of their own systems and processes, clients are responsible for losses incurred. 
 To help safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Firm s infrastructure, resources and information, the Firm maintains a Information Security Program designed to prevent, detect, and respond to cyberattacks. The Board of Directors is periodically provided with updates on the Firm s Information Security Program, recommended changes, cybersecurity policies and practices, ongoing efforts to improve security, as well as the Firm s efforts regarding significant cybersecurity events. In addition, the Firm has a cybersecurity incident response 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 143 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 plan IRP designed to enable the Firm to respond to attempted cybersecurity incidents, coordinate such responses with law enforcement and other government agencies, and notify clients and customers, as applicable. Among other key focus areas, the IRP is designed to mitigate the risk of insider trading connected to a cybersecurity incident, and includes various escalation points. 
 The Global Cybersecurity and Technology Controls organization, working with each of the Firm s LOBs and Corporate, is responsible for identifying technology and cybersecurity risks and is responsible for the controls to manage threats. The organization consists of business aligned information security personnel that are supported within the organization by the following products and services that execute the Information Security Program for the Firm: 
 Cyber Operations 
 Identity Access Management 
 Governance, Risk Controls 
 Global Technology Product Security 
 The Global Cybersecurity and Technology Controls governance structure is designed to identify, escalate, and mitigate information security risks. This structure uses key governance forums to disseminate information and monitor technology efforts. These forums are established at multiple levels throughout the Firm. The forums are used to escalate information security risks or other matters as appropriate. 
 The IRM function provides oversight of the activities designed to identify, assess, measure, and mitigate cybersecurity risk. 
 The Firm s Security Awareness Program includes training that reinforces the Firm's Information Technology Risk and Security Management policies, standards and practices, as well as the expectation that employees comply with these policies. The Security Awareness Program engages personnel through training on how to identify potential cybersecurity risks and protect the Firm s resources and information. This training is mandatory for all employees globally on a periodic basis, and it is supplemented by Firmwide testing initiatives, including periodic phishing tests. The Firm provides specialized security training for certain employee roles such as application developers. Finally, the Firm s Global Privacy Program requires all employees to take periodic awareness training on data privacy. This privacy-focused training includes information about confidentiality and security, as well as responding to unauthorized access to or use of information. 

Business and technology resiliency risk 
 Disruptions can occur due to forces beyond the Firm s control such as the spread of infectious diseases or pandemics, severe weather, power or telecommunications loss, failure of a third party to provide expected services, cyberattacks and terrorism. The Firmwide Business Resiliency Program is designed to enable the Firm to prepare for, adapt to, withstand and recover from business disruptions including occurrence of an extraordinary event beyond its control that may impact critical business functions and supporting assets (i.e., staff, technology, facilities and third parties). The program includes governance, awareness training, planning and testing of recovery strategies, as well as strategic and tactical initiatives to identify, assess, and manage business interruption and public safety risks. 
 Payment fraud risk 
 Payment fraud risk is the risk of external and internal parties unlawfully obtaining personal monetary benefit through misdirected or otherwise improper payment. The Firm employs various controls for managing payment fraud risk as well as providing employee and client education and awareness trainings. 
 Third-party outsourcing risk 
 The Firm s Third-Party Oversight TPO and Inter-affiliates Oversight IAO frameworks assist the LOBs and Corporate in selecting, documenting, onboarding, monitoring and managing their supplier relationships including services provided by affiliates. The objectives of the TPO framework are to hold suppliers and other third parties to a high level of operational performance and to mitigate key risks, including data loss and business disruptions. The Corporate Third-Party Oversight group is responsible for Firmwide training, monitoring, reporting and standards. 
 Insurance 
 One of the ways in which operational risk may be mitigated is through insurance maintained by the Firm. The Firm purchases insurance from commercial insurers and maintains a wholly-owned captive insurer, Park Assurance Company. Insurance may also be required by third parties with whom the Firm does business. 

144 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

COMPLIANCE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Compliance risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk of failing to comply with laws, rules, regulations or codes of conduct and standards of self-regulatory organizations. 
 Overview 
 Each of the LOBs and Corporate hold primary ownership of and accountability for managing their compliance risk. The Firm s Operational Risk and Compliance Organization Operational Risk and Compliance ), which is independent of the LOBs and Corporate, provides independent review, monitoring and oversight of business operations with a focus on compliance with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the delivery of the Firm s products and services to clients and customers. 
 These compliance risks relate to a wide variety of laws, rules and regulations varying across the LOBs and Corporate, and jurisdictions, and include risks related to financial products and services, relationships and interactions with clients and customers, and employee activities. For example, compliance risks include those associated with anti-money laundering compliance, trading activities, market conduct, and complying with the laws, rules, and regulations related to the offering of products and services across jurisdictional borders. Compliance risk is also inherent in the Firm s fiduciary activities, including the failure to exercise the applicable standard of care to act in the best interest of fiduciary clients and customers or to treat fiduciary clients and customers fairly. 
 Other functions provide oversight of significant regulatory obligations that are specific to their respective areas of responsibility. 
 Operational Risk and Compliance implements policies and standards designed to govern, identify, measure, monitor and test, manage, and report on compliance risk. 

Governance and oversight 
 Operational Risk and Compliance is led by the Firm s Global CCO and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite. 
 The Firm maintains oversight and coordination of its compliance risk through the implementation of the CCOR Management Framework. The Firm s Global CCO and FRE for Operational Risk and Qualitative Risk Appetite also provides regular updates to the Board Risk Committee and the Audit Committee on significant compliance risk issues, as appropriate. 
 Code of Conduct 
 The Firm has a Code of Conduct (the Code that sets forth the Firm s expectation that employees will conduct themselves with integrity at all times and provides the principles that govern employee conduct with clients, customers, shareholders and one another, as well as with the markets and communities in which the Firm does business. The Code requires employees to promptly report any potential or actual violation of the Code, any Firm policy, or any law or regulation applicable to the Firm s business. It also requires employees to report any illegal conduct, or conduct that violates the underlying principles of the Code, by any of the Firm s employees, clients, customers, suppliers, contract workers, business partners, or agents. Training is assigned to newly hired employees upon joining the Firm, and to current employees periodically on an ongoing basis. Employees are required to affirm their compliance with the Code annually. 
 Employees can report any potential or actual violations of the Code through the Firm s Conduct Hotline by phone or the internet. The Hotline is anonymous, except in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions where laws prohibit anonymous reporting, and is available at all times globally, with translation services. It is administered by an outside service provider. The Code prohibits retaliation against anyone who raises an issue or concern in good faith. Periodically, the Audit Committee receives reports on the Code of Conduct program. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 145 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 CONDUCT RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Conduct risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk that any action or misconduct by an employee could lead to unfair client or customer outcomes, impact the integrity of the markets in which the Firm operates, harm employees or the Firm, or compromise the Firm s reputation. 
 Overview 
 Each LOB and Corporate is accountable for identifying and managing its conduct risk to provide appropriate engagement, ownership and sustainability of a culture consistent with the Firm s How We Do Business Principles (the Principles ). The Principles serve as a guide for how employees are expected to conduct themselves. With the Principles serving as a guide, the Firm s Code sets out the Firm s expectations for each employee and provides information and resources to help e mployees conduct business ethically and in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations everywhere the Firm operates. Refer to Compliance Risk Management on page 145 for further discussion of the Code. 
 Governance and oversight 
 The Conduct Risk Program is governed by the CCOR Management policy, which establishes the framework for governance, identification, measurement, monitoring and testing, management and reporting conduct ris k in the Firm. 

The Firm has a senior forum that provides oversight of the Firm s conduct initiatives to develop a more holistic view of conduct risks and to connect key programs across the Firm in order to identify opportunities and emerging areas of focus. This forum is responsible for setting overall program direction for strategic enhancements to the Firm's employee conduct framework and reviewing the consolidated Firmwide Conduct Risk Appetite Assessment. 
 Conduct risk management encompasses various aspects of people management practices throughout the employee life cycle, including recruiting, onboarding, training and development, performance management, promotion and compensation processes. Each LOB, Treasury and CIO, and each designated corporate function completes an assessment of conduct risk periodically, reviews metrics and issues which may involve conduct risk, and provides conduct education as appropriate. 

146 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

LEGAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Legal risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk of loss primarily caused by the actual or alleged failure to meet legal obligations that arise from the rule of law in jurisdictions in which the Firm operates, agreements with clients and customers, and products and services offered by the Firm. 
 Overview 
 The global Legal function Legal provides legal services and advice to the Firm. Legal is responsible for managing the Firm s exposure to legal risk by: 
 managing actual and potential litigation and enforcement matters, including internal reviews and investigations related to such matters 
 advising on products and services, including contract negotiation and documentation 
 advising on offering and marketing documents and new business initiatives 
 managing dispute resolution 
 interpreting existing laws, rules and regulations, and advising on changes to them 
 advising on advocacy in connection with contemplated and proposed laws, rules and regulations, and 
 providing legal advice to the LOBs, Corporate and the Board. 

Legal selects, engages and manages outside counsel for the Firm on all matters in which outside counsel is engaged. In addition, Legal advises the Firm s Conflicts Office which reviews the Firm s wholesale transactions that may have the potential to create conflicts of interest for the Firm. 
 Governance and oversight 
 The Firm s General Counsel reports to the CEO and is a member of the Operating Committee, the Firmwide Risk Committee and the Firmwide Control Committee. The Firm s General Counsel and other members of Legal report on significant legal matters to the Firm s Board of Directors and to the Audit Committee. 
 Legal serves on and advises various committees and advises the Firm s LOBs and Corporate on potential reputation risk issues. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 147 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 ESTIMATIONS AND MODEL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Estimations and Model risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused estimation outputs. 
 The Firm uses models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations across various businesses and functions. The estimation methods are of varying levels of sophistication and are used for many purposes, such as the valuation of positions and measurement of risk, assessing regulatory capital requirements, conducting stress testing, evaluating the allowance for credit losses and making business decisions. A dedicated independent function, Model Risk Governance and Review MRGR ), defines and governs the Firm s policies relating to the management of model risk and risks associated with certain analytical and judgment-based estimations, such as those used in risk management, budget forecasting and capital planning and analysis. 
 The governance of analytical and judgment-based estimations within MRGR s scope follows a consistent approach which is used for models, as described in detail below. 
 Model risks are owned by the users of the models within the Firm based on the specific purposes of such models. Users and developers of models are responsible for developing, implementing and testing their models, as well as referring models to MRGR for review and approval. Once models have been approved, model users and developers are responsible for maintaining a robust operating environment, and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on an ongoing basis. Model users and developers may seek to enhance models in response to changes in the portfolios and in product and market developments, as well as to capture improvements in available modeling techniques and systems capabilities. 

Models are tiered based on an internal standard according to their complexity, the exposure associated with the model and the Firm s reliance on the model. This tiering is subject to the approval of MRGR. In its review of a model, MRGR considers whether the model is suitable for the specific purposes for which it will be used. When reviewing a model, MRGR analyzes and challenges the model methodology and the reasonableness of model assumptions, and may perform or require additional testing, including back-testing of model outcomes. Model reviews are approved by the appropriate level of management within MRGR based on the relevant model tier. 
 Under the Firm s Estimations and Model Risk Management Policy, MRGR reviews and approves new models, as well as material changes to existing models, prior to their use. In certain circumstances, exceptions may be granted to the Firm s policy to allow a model to be used prior to review or approval. MRGR may also require the user to take appropriate actions to mitigate the model risk if it is to be used in the interim. These actions will depend on the model and may include, for example, limitation of trading activity. 
 While models are inherently imprecise, the degree of imprecision or uncertainty can be heightened by the market or economic environment. This is particularly true when the current and forecasted environments are significantly different from the historical environments upon which the models were developed, as the Firm experienced during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic. This increased uncertainty may necessitate a greater degree of judgment and analytics to inform any adjustments that the Firm may make to model outputs than would otherwise be the case. 
 Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 149-152 and Note 2 for a summary of model-based valuations and other valuation techniques. 

148 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES USED BY THE FIRM 
 JPMorgan Chase s accounting policies and use of estimates are integral to understanding its reported results. The Firm s most complex accounting estimates require management s judgment to ascertain the appropriate carrying value of assets and liabilities. The Firm has established policies and control procedures intended to ensure that estimation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well-controlled, independently reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. The methods used and judgments made reflect, among other factors, the nature of the assets or liabilities and the related business and risk management strategies, which may vary across the Firm s businesses and portfolios. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. The Firm believes its estimates for determining the carrying value of its assets and liabilities are appropriate. The following is a brief description of the Firm s critical accounting estimates involving significant judgments. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 The Firm s allowance for credit losses represents management s estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Firm s financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. The allowance for credit losses comprises: 
 The allowance for loan losses, which covers the Firm s retained loan portfolios (scored and risk-rated), 
 The allowance for lending-related commitments, and 
 The allowance for credit losses on investment securities. 
 The allowance for credit losses involves significant judgment on a number of matters including development and weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, incorporation of historical loss experience, assessment of risk characteristics, assignment of risk ratings, valuation of collateral, and the determination of remaining expected life. Refer to Note 10 and Note 13 for further information on these judgments as well as the Firm s policies and methodologies used to determine the Firm s allowance for credit losses. 
 One of the most significant judgments involved in estimating the Firm s allowance for credit losses relates to the macroeconomic forecasts used to estimate credit losses over the eight-quarter forecast period within the Firm s methodology. The eight-quarter forecast incorporates hundreds of macroeconomic variables MEVs that are relevant for exposures across the Firm, with modeled credit losses being driven primarily by a subset of less than twenty variables. The specific variables that have the greatest effect on the modeled losses of each portfolio vary by portfolio and geography. 
 Key MEVs for the consumer portfolio include regional U.S. unemployment rates, HPI and U.S. real GDP. 

Key MEVs for the wholesale portfolio include U.S. real GDP, U.S. unemployment, U.S. equity prices, U.S. interest rates, corporate credit spreads, oil prices, commercial real estate prices and HPI. 
 Changes in the Firm s assumptions and forecasts of economic conditions could significantly affect its estimate of expected credit losses in the portfolio at the balance sheet date or lead to significant changes in the estimate from one reporting period to the next. 
 It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because management considers a wide variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. Changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor or input may offset deterioration in others. 
 To consider the impact of a hypothetical alternate macroeconomic forecast, the Firm compared the modeled credit losses determined using its central and relative adverse macroeconomic scenarios, which are two of the five scenarios considered in estimating the allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments. The central and relative adverse scenarios each included a full suite of MEVs, but differed in the levels, paths and peaks/troughs of those variables over the eight-quarter forecast period. 
 For example, compared to the Firm s central scenario shown on page 127 and in Note 13 , the Firm s relative adverse scenario assumes an elevated U.S. unemployment rate, averaging approximately 1.9 higher over the eight-quarter forecast, with a peak difference of approximately 2.8 in the fourth quarter of 2023; lower U.S. real GDP with a slower recovery, remaining nearly 3.1 lower at the end of the eight-quarter forecast, with a peak difference of approximately 3.9 in the fourth quarter of 2023; and lower national HPI with a peak difference of approximately 8.4 in the third quarter of 2024. 
 This analysis is not intended to estimate expected future changes in the allowance for credit losses, for a number of reasons, including: 
 The allowance as of December 31, 2022, reflects credit losses beyond those estimated under the central scenario due to the weight placed on the adverse scenarios. 
 The impacts of changes in many MEVs are both interrelated and nonlinear, so the results of this analysis cannot be simply extrapolated for more severe changes in macroeconomic variables. 
 Expectations of future changes in portfolio composition and borrower behavior can significantly affect the allowance for credit losses. 
 To demonstrate the sensitivity of credit loss estimates to macroeconomic forecasts as of December 31, 2022, the 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 149 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 Firm compared the modeled estimates under its relative adverse scenario to its central scenario. Without considering offsetting or correlated effects in other qualitative components of the Firm s allowance for credit losses, the comparison between these two scenarios for the exposures below reflect the following differences: 
 An increase of approximately 500 million for residential real estate loans and lending-related commitments 
 An increase of approximately 2.2 billion for credit card loans 
 An increase of approximately 3.9 billion for wholesale loans and lending-related commitments 
 This analysis relates only to the modeled credit loss estimates and is not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance for credit losses as it does not reflect any potential changes in other adjustments to the quantitative calculation, which would also be influenced by the judgment management applies to the modeled lifetime loss estimates to reflect the uncertainty and imprecision of these modeled lifetime loss estimates based on then-current circumstances and conditions. 
 Recognizing that forecasts of macroeconomic conditions are inherently uncertain, particularly in light of the recent economic conditions, the Firm believes that its process to consider the available information and associated risks and uncertainties is appropriately governed and that its estimates of expected credit losses were reasonable and appropriate for the period ended December 31, 2022 . 

Fair value 
 JPMorgan Chase carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. The majority of such assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including derivatives, structured note products and certain securities financing agreements. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including certain mortgage, home equity and other loans, where the carrying value is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 Assets measured at fair value 
 The following table includes the Firm s assets measured at fair value and the portion of such assets that are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 2 for further information. 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions, except ratios) Total assets at fair value Total level 3 assets Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 311,883 Securities borrowed 70,041 Trading assets: Trading-debt and equity instruments 382,876 2,909 Derivative receivables (a) 
 70,880 10,682 Total trading assets 453,756 13,591 AFS securities 205,857 239 Loans 42,079 1,418 MSRs 7,973 7,973 Other 14,014 405 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 1,105,603 23,626 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 2,658 1,979 Total assets measured at fair value 
 1,108,261 25,605 Total Firm assets 3,665,743 Level 3 assets at fair value as a percentage of total Firm assets (a) 
 0.7 Level 3 assets at fair value as a percentage of total Firm assets at fair value (a) 
 2.3 
 (a) For purposes of the table above, the derivative receivables total reflects the impact of netting adjustments; however, the 10.7 billion of derivative receivables classified as level 3 does not reflect the netting adjustment as such netting is not relevant to a presentation based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset. The level 3 balances would be reduced if netting were applied, including the netting benefit associated with cash collateral. 

150 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Valuation 
 Details of the Firm s processes for determining fair value are set out in Note 2. Estimating fair value requires the application of judgment. The type and level of judgment required is largely dependent on the amount of observable market information available to the Firm. For instruments valued using internally developed valuation models and other valuation techniques that use significant unobservable inputs and are therefore classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, judgments used to estimate fair value are more significant than those required when estimating the fair value of instruments classified within levels 1 and 2. 
 In arriving at an estimate of fair value for an instrument within level 3, management must first determine the appropriate valuation model or other valuation technique to use. Second, the lack of observability of certain significant inputs requires management to assess relevant empirical data in deriving valuation inputs including, for example, transaction details, yield curves, interest rates, prepayment speed, default rates, volatilities, correlations, prices (such as commodity, equity or debt prices), valuations of comparable instruments, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. Refer to Note 2 for a further discussion of the valuation of level 3 instruments, including unobservable inputs used. 
 For instruments classified in levels 2 and 3, management judgment must be applied to assess the appropriate level of valuation adjustments to reflect counterparty credit quality, the Firm s creditworthiness, market funding rates, liquidity considerations, unobservable parameters, and for portfolios that meet specified criteria, the size of the net open risk position. The judgments made are typically affected by the type of product and its specific contractual terms, and the level of liquidity for the product or within the market as a whole. In periods of heightened market volatility and uncertainty judgments are further affected by the wider variation of reasonable valuation estimates, particularly for positions that are less liquid. Refer to Note 2 for a further discussion of valuation adjustments applied by the Firm. 
 Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. Furthermore, while the Firm believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those of other market participants, the methods and assumptions used reflect management judgment and may vary across the Firm s businesses and portfolios. 
 The Firm uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of methodologies or assumptions different than those used by the Firm could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Refer to Note 2 for a detailed discussion of the Firm s valuation process and hierarchy, and its determination of fair value for individual financial instruments. 

Goodwill impairment 
 Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment at least annually. The Firm s process and methodology used to conduct goodwill impairment testing is described in Note 15. 
 Management applies significant judgment when testing goodwill for impairment. The goodwill associated with each business combination is allocated to the related reporting units for goodwill impairment testing. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Firm reviewed current economic conditions, estimated market cost of equity, as well as actual business results and projections of business performance. Based on such reviews, the Firm has concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2022. For each of the reporting units, fair value exceeded carrying value by at least 10 and there was no indication of a significant risk of goodwill impairment based on current projections and valuations. 
 The projections for the Firm s reporting units are consistent with management s current business outlook assumptions in the short term, and the Firm s best estimates of long-term growth and return on equity in the longer term. Where possible, the Firm uses third-party and peer data to benchmark its assumptions and estimates. 
 Refer to Note 15 for additional information on goodwill, including the goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Credit card rewards liability 
 JPMorgan Chase offers credit cards with various rewards programs which allow cardholders to earn rewards points based on their account activity and the terms and conditions of the rewards program. Generally, there are no limits on the points that an eligible cardholder can earn, nor do the points expire, and the points can be redeemed for a variety of rewards, including cash (predominantly in the form of account credits), gift cards and travel. The Firm maintains a rewards liability which represents the estimated cost of rewards points earned and expected to be redeemed by cardholders. The liability is accrued as the cardholder earns the benefit and is reduced when the cardholder redeems points. This liability was 11.3 billion and 9.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. The increase in the liability was driven by continued growth in rewards points earned on increased cardholder spending and promotional offers outpacing redemptions throughout 2022. 
 The rewards liability is sensitive to redemption rate RR and cost per point CPP assumptions. The RR assumption is used to estimate the number of points earned by customers that will be redeemed over the life of the account. The CPP assumption is used to estimate the cost of future point redemptions. These assumptions are evaluated periodically considering historical actuals, cardholder redemption behavior and management judgment. Updates 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 151 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 to these assumptions will impact the rewards liability. As of December 31, 2022, a combined increase of 25 basis points in RR and 1 basis point in CPP would increase the rewards liability by approximately 315 million. 
 
 Income taxes 
 JPMorgan Chase is subject to the income tax laws of the various jurisdictions in which it operates, including U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. jurisdictions. These laws are often complex and may be subject to different interpretations. To determine the financial statement impact of accounting for income taxes, including the provision for income tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits, JPMorgan Chase must make assumptions and judgments about how to interpret and apply these complex tax laws to numerous transactions and business events, as well as make judgments regarding the timing of when certain items may affect taxable income in the U.S. and non-U.S. tax jurisdictions. 
 JPMorgan Chase s interpretations of tax laws around the world are subject to review and examination by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where the Firm operates, and disputes may occur regarding its view on a tax position. These disputes over interpretations with the various taxing authorities may be settled by audit, administrative appeals or adjudication in the court systems of the tax jurisdictions in which the Firm operates. JPMorgan Chase regularly reviews whether it may be assessed additional income taxes as a result of the resolution of these matters, and the Firm records additional unrecognized tax benefits, as appropriate. In addition, the Firm may revise its estimate of income taxes due to changes in income tax laws, legal interpretations, and business strategies. It is possible that revisions in the Firm s estimate of income taxes may materially affect the Firm s results of operations in any reporting period. 
 Deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not . Deferred taxes are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized within the provision for income taxes in the period enacted. 
 The Firm has also recognized deferred tax assets in connection with certain tax attributes, including net operating loss NOL carryforwards and foreign tax credit FTC carryforwards. The Firm performs regular reviews to ascertain whether its deferred tax assets are realizable. These reviews include management s estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income , including foreign source income, and may incorporate various tax planning strategies, including strategies that may be available to utilize NOLs and FTCs before they expire. In connection with these reviews, if it is determined that a deferred tax asset is not realizable, a valuation allowance is 

established. The valuation allowance may be reversed in a subsequent reporting period if the Firm determines that, based on revised estimates of future taxable income or changes in tax planning strategies, it is more likely than not that all or part of the deferred tax asset will become realizable. As of December 31, 2022, management has determined it is more likely than not that the Firm will realize its deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance. 
 The Firm adjusts its unrecognized tax benefits as necessary when new information becomes available, including changes in tax law and regulations, and interactions with taxing authorities. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. It is possible that the reassessment of JPMorgan Chase s unrecognized tax benefits may have a material impact on its effective income tax rate in the period in which the reassessment occurs. Although the Firm believes that its estimates are reasonable, the final tax amount could be different from the amounts reflected in the Firm s income tax provisions and accruals. To the extent that the final outcome of these amounts is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will generally impact the Firm s provision for income taxes in the period in which such a determination is made. 
 The Firm s provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. The current and deferred tax provisions are calculated based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the actual results reflected in income tax returns filed during the subsequent year. Adjustments based on filed returns are generally recorded in the period when the tax returns are filed and the global tax implications are known, which could impact the Firm s effective tax rate. 
 Refer to Note 25 for additional information on income taxes. 
 
 Litigation reserves 
 Refer to Note 30 for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing litigation reserves. 

152 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING DEVELOPMENTS 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Standards Adopted since January 1, 2021 Standard Summary of guidance Effects on financial statements Reference Rate 
 Reform 
 
 Issued March 
 2020 and updated January 2021 and December 2022 
 Provides optional expedients and exceptions to current accounting guidance when financial instruments, hedge accounting relationships, and other transactions are amended due to reference rate reform. 
 Provides an election to account for certain contract amendments related to reference rate reform as modifications rather than extinguishments without the requirement to assess the significance of the amendments. 
 Allows for changes in critical terms of a hedge accounting relationship without automatic termination of that relationship. Provides various practical expedients and elections designed to allow hedge accounting to continue uninterrupted during the transition period. 
 Provides a one-time election to transfer securities out of the held-to-maturity classification if certain criteria are met. 
 The January 2021 update provides an election to account for derivatives modified to change the rate used for discounting, margining, or contract price alignment (collectively discounting transition as modifications. 
 The December 2022 update extends the termination date of the optional expedients and exceptions to current accounting guidance to December 31, 2024. 
 Issued and effective March 12, 2020. The January 7, 2021 and December 21, 2022 updates were effective when issued. 
 The Firm elected to apply certain of the practical expedients related to contract modifications and hedge accounting relationships, and discounting transition beginning in the third quarter of 2020. The discounting transition election was applied retrospectively. The main purpose of the practical expedients is to ease the administrative burden of accounting for contracts impacted by reference rate reform. These elections did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 FASB Standards Issued but Not Adopted as of December 31, 2022 
 Standard 
 Summary of guidance 
 Effects on financial statements 
 Derivatives and Hedging: Fair Value Hedging Portfolio Layer Method 
 
 Issued March 2022 
 Expands the current ability to hedge a portfolio of prepayable assets to allow more of the portfolio to be hedged. Non-prepayable assets can also be included in the same portfolio, thus increasing the size of the portfolio and the amount available to be hedged. 
 Clarifies the types of derivatives that can be used as hedges, and the balance sheet presentation and disclosure requirements for the hedge accounting adjustments. 
 Allows a one-time reclassification from HTM to AFS upon adoption. 
 Adopted prospectively on January 1, 2023 and, as permitted by the guidance, in January 2023 the Firm transferred and designated approximately 7.0 billion of HTM securities into a closed AFS securities portfolio hedged under the portfolio layer method. 
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses: Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures 
 
 Issued March 2022 
 
 Eliminates existing accounting and disclosure requirements for Troubled Debt Restructurings, including the requirement to measure the allowance using a discounted cash flow methodology. 
 Requires disclosure of loan modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty involving principal forgiveness, interest rate reduction, other-than-insignificant payment delay, term extension or a combination of these modifications. 
 Requires disclosure of current period loan charge-off information by origination year. 
 May be adopted prospectively, or by using a modified retrospective method wherein the effect of adoption is reflected as an adjustment to retained earnings at the effective date. 
 Adopted January 1, 2023. 
 This guidance was adopted using a modified retrospective method which resulted in a net decrease to the allowance for credit losses of approximately 600 million and an increase to retained earnings of approximately 450 million after-tax, predominantly driven by residential real estate and credit card. Refer to Note 1 for further information. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 153 

Management s discussion and analysis 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 From time to time, the Firm has made and will make forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as anticipate, target, expect, estimate, intend, plan, goal, believe, or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide JPMorgan Chase s current expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. JPMorgan Chase s disclosures in this 2022 Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Firm also may make forward-looking statements in its other documents filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, the Firm s senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others. 
 All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Firm s control. JPMorgan Chase s actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in its forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could c ause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements: 
 Local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events, including the war in Ukraine; 
 Changes in laws, rules, and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements affecting the Firm s businesses, and the ability of the Firm to address those requirements; 
 Heightened regulatory and governmental oversight and scrutiny of JPMorgan Chase s business practices, including dealings with retail customers; 
 Changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; 
 Changes in the level of inflation; 
 Changes in income tax laws, rules, and regulations; 
 Securities and capital markets behavior, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; 
 Changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behavior; 
 Ability of the Firm to manage effectively its capital and liquidity; 
 Changes in credit ratings assigned to the Firm or its subsidiaries; 
 Damage to the Firm s reputation; 
 Ability of the Firm to appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability concerns that may arise, including from its business activities; 
 Ability of the Firm to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic or market disruption, including, but not limited to, in the interest rate environment; 

Technology changes instituted by the Firm, its counterparties or competitors; 
 The effectiveness of the Firm s control agenda; 
 Ability of the Firm to develop or discontinue products and services, and the extent to which products or services previously sold by the Firm require the Firm to incur liabilities or absorb losses not contemplated at their initiation or origination; 
 Acceptance of the Firm s new and existing products and services by the marketplace and the ability of the Firm to innovate and to increase market share; 
 Ability of the Firm to attract and retain qualified and diverse employees; 
 Ability of the Firm to control expenses; 
 Competitive pressures; 
 Changes in the credit quality of the Firm s clients, customers and counterparties; 
 Adequacy of the Firm s risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 
 Adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; 
 Changes in applicable accounting policies, including the introduction of new accounting standards; 
 Ability of the Firm to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; 
 Occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities, including health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases, epidemics or pandemics, an outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other geopolitical instabilities, the effects of climate change or extraordinary events beyond the Firm s control, and the Firm s ability to deal effectively with disruptions caused by the foregoing; 
 Ability of the Firm to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data processing and other operational systems and facilities; 
 Ability of the Firm to withstand disruptions that may be caused by any failure of its operational systems or those of third parties; 
 Ability of the Firm to effectively defend itself against cyber attacks and other attempts by unauthorized parties to access information of the Firm or its customers or to disrupt the Firm s systems; and 
 The other risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors in JPMorgan Chase s 2022 Form 10-K. 
 Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Firm speak only as of the date they are made, and JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. The reader should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature the Firm may make in any subsequent Form 10-Ks, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Qs, or Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

154 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 

Management of JPMorgan Chase Co. JPMorgan Chase or the Firm is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Firm s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by JPMorgan Chase s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 
 JPMorgan Chase s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Firm s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Firm are being made only in accordance with authorizations of JPMorgan Chase s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Firm s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment, management used the Internal Control Integrated Framework COSO 2013 promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Based upon the assessment performed, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, JPMorgan Chase s internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the COSO 2013 framework. Additionally, based upon management s assessment, the Firm determined that there were no material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Firm s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

James Dimon 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Jeremy Barnum 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 21, 2023 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 155 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of JPMorgan Chase Co.: 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of JPMorgan Chase Co. and its subsidiaries (the Firm as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Firm s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Firm as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Firm maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Firm changed the manner in which it accounts for credit losses on certain financial instruments in 2020. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Firm s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Firm s consolidated financial statements and on the Firm s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

300 Madison Avenue 
 
 156 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses Portfolio-based component of Wholesale Loan and Credit Card Loan Portfolios 
 As described in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan losses for the portfolio-based component of the wholesale and credit card loan portfolios was 17.0 billion on total portfolio-based retained loans of 785.9 billion at December 31, 2022 . The Firm s allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the Firm's loan portfolios and considers expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions. The portfolio-based component of the Firm s allowance for loan losses for the wholesale and credit card retained loan portfolios begins with a quantitative calculation of expected credit losses over the expected life of the loan by applying credit loss factors to the estimated exposure at default. The credit loss factors applied are determined based on the weighted average of five internally developed macroeconomic scenarios that take into consideration the Firm's economic outlook as derived through forecast macroeconomic variables, the most significant of which are U.S. unemployment and U.S. real gross domestic product. This quantitative calculation is further adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision, emerging risk assessments, trends and other subjective factors that are not yet otherwise reflected in the credit loss estimate. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for loan losses for the portfolio-based component of the wholesale and credit card loan portfolios is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and estimation by management in the forecast of macroeconomic variables, specifically U.S. unemployment and U.S. real gross domestic product, as the Firm s forecasts of economic conditions significantly affect its estimate of expected credit losses at the balance sheet date, (ii) the significant judgment and estimation by management in determining the quantitative calculation utilized in their credit loss estimates and the adjustments to take into consideration model imprecision, emerging risk assessments, trends and other subjective factors that are not yet otherwise reflected in the credit loss estimate, which both in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and in 

evaluating audit evidence obtained relating to the credit loss estimates and the appropriateness of the adjustments to the credit loss estimates, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Firm s allowance for loan losses, including controls over model validation and generation of macroeconomic scenarios. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for estimating the allowance for loan losses, which involved (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the models and methodologies used in quantitative calculations; (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of forecasts of U.S. unemployment and U.S. real gross domestic product; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the estimate; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s adjustments to the quantitative output for the impacts of model imprecision, emerging risk assessments, trends and other subjective factors that are not yet otherwise reflected in the credit loss estimate. These procedures also included the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of certain models, methodologies and macroeconomic variables . 
 Fair Value of Certain Level 3 Financial Instruments 
 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Firm carries 1.1 trillion of its assets and 453.7 billion of its liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. Included in these balances are 13.6 billion of trading assets and 37.8 billion of liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, collectively financial instruments, which are classified as level 3 as they contain one or more inputs to valuation which are unobservable and significant to their fair value measurement. The Firm utilized internally developed valuation models and unobservable inputs to estimate fair value of the level 3 financial instruments. The unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of certain of these financial instruments include volatility relating to interest rates, correlation relating to interest rates, equity prices, credit and foreign exchange rates, and Bermudan switch values. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the fair value of certain level 3 financial instruments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and estimation by management in determining the inputs to estimate fair value, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidence obtained related to the fair value of these financial instruments, and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 157 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Firm s determination of the fair value, including controls over models, inputs, and data. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent estimate of fair value for a sample of these financial instruments and comparing management s estimate to the independently developed estimate of fair value. Developing the independent estimate involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management, developing independent inputs and, as appropriate, evaluating and utilizing management s aforementioned unobservable inputs. 

February 21, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Firm s auditor since 1965. 

158 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 Consolidated statements of income 

Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Investment banking fees Principal transactions Lending- and deposit-related fees Asset management, administration and commissions Investment securities gains/(losses) ) ) Mortgage fees and related income Card income Other income Noninterest revenue Interest income Interest expense Net interest income Total net revenue Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest expense Compensation expense Occupancy expense Technology, communications and equipment expense Professional and outside services Marketing Other expense Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Net income applicable to common stockholders Net income per common share data Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted-average basic shares Weighted-average diluted shares 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 159 

JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 

 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income/(loss), after tax Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities ) ) Translation adjustments, net of hedges ) ) Fair value hedges ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans ) DVA on fair value option elected liabilities ) ) Total other comprehensive income/(loss), after tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 160 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 Consolidated balance sheets 

December 31, (in millions, except share data) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Deposits with banks Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (included and at fair value) 
 Securities borrowed (included and at fair value) 
 Trading assets (included assets pledged of and 
 Available-for-sale securities (amortized cost of and ; included assets pledged of and 
 Held-to-maturity securities Investment securities, net of allowance for credit losses Loans (included and at fair value) 
 Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net of allowance for loan losses Accrued interest and accounts receivable Premises and equipment Goodwill, MSRs and other intangible assets Other assets (included and at fair value and assets pledged of and 
 Total assets (a) 
 Liabilities Deposits (included and at fair value) 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements (included and at fair value) 
 Short-term borrowings (included and at fair value) 
 Trading liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities (included and at fair value) 
 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs (included and at fair value) 
 Long-term debt (included and at fair value) 
 Total liabilities (a) 
 Commitments and contingencies (refer to Notes 28, 29 and 30) Stockholders equity Preferred stock par value; authorized shares: issued and shares) 
 Common stock par value; authorized shares; issued shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive losses ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 (a) 
 Loans All other assets Total assets Liabilities Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs All other liabilities Total liabilities 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 161 

JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity 

 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Preferred stock Balance at January 1 Issuance Redemption ) ) ) Balance at December 31 Common stock Balance at January 1 and December 31 Additional paid-in capital Balance at January 1 Shares issued and commitments to issue common stock for employee share-based compensation awards, and related tax effects 
 ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31 Retained earnings Balance at January 1 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles ) Net income Dividends declared: Preferred stock ) ) ) Common stock , and per share for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) Balance at January 1 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), after-tax ) ) Balance at December 31 ) ) Shares held in restricted stock units RSU Trust, at cost Balance at January 1 ) Liquidation of RSU Trust Balance at December 31 Treasury stock, at cost Balance at January 1 ) ) ) Repurchase ) ) ) Reissuance Balance at December 31 ) ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Effective January 1, 2020, the Firm adopted the CECL accounting guidance. Refer to Note 1 for further information. 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

162 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows 

Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation and amortization Deferred tax (benefit)/expense ) ) Other Originations and purchases of loans held-for-sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, securitizations and paydowns of loans held-for-sale Net change in: Trading assets ) ) Securities borrowed ) ) Accrued interest and accounts receivable ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Trading liabilities ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Other operating adjustments ) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities ) Investing activities Net change in: Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements ) ) Held-to-maturity securities: Proceeds from paydowns and maturities Purchases ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities: Proceeds from paydowns and maturities Proceeds from sales Purchases ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans held-for-investment Other changes in loans, net ) ) ) All other investing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net change in: Deposits ) Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements ) Short-term borrowings ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Payments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Redemption of preferred stock ) ) ) Treasury stock repurchased ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) All other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and due from banks and deposits with banks ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks and deposits with banks ) Cash and due from banks and deposits with banks at the beginning of the period Cash and due from banks and deposits with banks at the end of the period Cash interest paid Cash income taxes paid, net 
 
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 163 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Note 1 

Consolidation 

164 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Refer to Note 14 for further discussion of the Firm s VIEs. 
 Revenue recognition 

Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 Offsetting assets and liabilities 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 165 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Refer to Note 5 for further discussion of the Firm s derivative instruments. Refer to Note 11 for further discussion of the Firm s securities financing agreements. 
 Statements of cash flows 
 
 million and an increase to retained earnings of approximately million, after-tax predominantly driven by residential real estate and credit card. 

Significant accounting policies 

166 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 2 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is based on quoted market prices or inputs, where available. If prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based on valuation models and other valuation techniques that consider relevant transaction characteristics (such as maturity) and use, as inputs, observable or unobservable market parameters, including yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, prices (such as commodity, equity or debt prices), correlations, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value, as described below. 
 The level of precision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. Furthermore, while the Firm believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those of other market participants, the methods and assumptions used reflect management judgment and may vary across the Firm s businesses and portfolios. 
 The Firm uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of different methodologies or assumptions by other market participants compared with those used by the Firm could result in the Firm deriving a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 
 Valuation process 
 Risk-taking functions are responsible for providing fair value estimates for assets and liabilities carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The Firm s Valuation Control Group VCG ), which is part of the Firm s Finance function and independent of the risk-taking functions, is responsible for verifying these estimates and determining any fair value adjustments that may be required to ensure that the Firm s positions are recorded at fair value. In addition, the Firm s Valuation Governance Forum VGF ), which is composed of senior finance and risk executives, is responsible for overseeing the management of risks arising from valuation activities conducted across the Firm. The Firmwide VGF is chaired by the Firmwide head of the VCG (under the direction of the Firm s Controller), and includes sub-forums covering the 

CIB, CCB, CB, AWM and certain corporate functions including Treasury and CIO. 
 Price verification process 
 The VCG verifies fair value estimates provided by the risk-taking functions by leveraging independently derived prices, valuation inputs and other market data, where available. Where independent prices or inputs are not available, the VCG performs additional review to ensure the reasonableness of the estimates. The additional review may include evaluating the limited market activity including client unwinds, benchmarking valuation inputs to those used for similar instruments, decomposing the valuation of structured instruments into individual components, comparing expected to actual cash flows, reviewing profit and loss trends, and reviewing trends in collateral valuation. There are also additional levels of management review for more significant or complex positions. 
 The VCG determines any valuation adjustments that may be required to the estimates provided by the risk-taking functions. No adjustments to quoted prices are applied for instruments classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (refer to the discussion below for further information on the fair value hierarchy). For other positions, judgment is required to assess the need for valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect liquidity considerations, unobservable parameters, and, for certain portfolios that meet specified criteria, the size of the net open risk position. The determination of such adjustments follows a consistent framework across the Firm: 
 Liquidity valuation adjustments are considered where an observable external price or valuation parameter exists but is of lower reliability, potentially due to lower market activity. Liquidity valuation adjustments are made based on current market conditions. Factors that may be considered in determining the liquidity adjustment include analysis of: (1) the estimated bid-offer spread for the instrument being traded; (2) alternative pricing points for similar instruments in active markets; and (3) the range of reasonable values that the price or parameter could take. 
 The Firm manages certain portfolios of financial instruments on the basis of net open risk exposure and, as permitted by U.S. GAAP, has elected to estimate the fair value of such portfolios on the basis of a transfer of the entire net open risk position in an orderly transaction. Where this is the case, valuation adjustments may be necessary to reflect the cost of exiting a larger-than-normal market-size net open risk position. Where applied, such adjustments are based on factors that a relevant market participant would consider in the transfer of the net open risk position, including the size of the adverse market move that is likely to occur during the period required to reduce the net open risk position to a normal market-size. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 167 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

168 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 169 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

170 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 171 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Securities borrowed Trading assets: Debt instruments: Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies (a) 
 Residential nonagency Commercial nonagency Total mortgage-backed securities U.S. Treasury, GSEs and government agencies (a) 
 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and commercial paper 
 Non-U.S. government debt securities Corporate debt securities Loans Asset-backed securities Total debt instruments Equity securities Physical commodities (b) 
 Other Total debt and equity instruments (c) 
 Derivative receivables: Interest rate ) Credit ) Foreign exchange ) Equity ) Commodity ) Total derivative receivables ) Total trading assets (d) 
 ) Available-for-sale securities: Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies (a) 
 Residential nonagency Commercial nonagency Total mortgage-backed securities U.S. Treasury and government agencies Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Non-U.S. government debt securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities: Collateralized loan obligations Other Total available-for-sale securities Loans (e) 
 Mortgage servicing rights Other assets (d) 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis ) Deposits Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 Short-term borrowings Trading liabilities: Debt and equity instruments (c) 
 Derivative payables: Interest rate ) Credit ) Foreign exchange ) Equity ) Commodity ) Total derivative payables ) Total trading liabilities ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs Long-term debt Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis ) 
 172 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Securities borrowed Trading assets: Debt instruments: Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies (a) 
 Residential nonagency Commercial nonagency Total mortgage-backed securities U.S. Treasury, GSEs and government agencies (a) 
 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and commercial paper 
 Non-U.S. government debt securities Corporate debt securities Loans Asset-backed securities Total debt instruments Equity securities Physical commodities (b) 
 Other Total debt and equity instruments (c) 
 Derivative receivables: Interest rate ) Credit ) Foreign exchange ) Equity ) Commodity ) Total derivative receivables ) Total trading assets (d) 
 ) Available-for-sale securities: Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies (a) 
 Residential nonagency Commercial nonagency Total mortgage-backed securities U.S. Treasury and government agencies Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Non-U.S. government debt securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities: Collateralized loan obligations Other Total available-for-sale securities Loans (e) 
 Mortgage servicing rights Other assets (d) 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis ) Deposits Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 Short-term borrowings Trading liabilities: Debt and equity instruments (c) 
 Derivative payables: Interest rate ) Credit ) Foreign exchange ) Equity ) Commodity ) Total derivative payables ) Total trading liabilities ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs Long-term debt Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis ) 
 (a) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, included total U.S. GSE obligations of billion and billion, respectively, which were mortgage-related. 
 (b) Physical commodities inventories are generally accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is a term defined in U.S. GAAP as not exceeding fair value less costs to sell transaction costs ). Transaction costs for the Firm s physical commodities inventories are either not applicable or immaterial to the value of the inventory. Therefore, net realizable value approximates fair value for the Firm s physical commodities inventories. When fair value hedging has been applied (or when net realizable value is below cost), the carrying value of physical commodities approximates fair value, because under fair value hedge accounting, the cost basis is adjusted for changes in fair value. Refer to Note 5 for a further discussion of the Firm s hedge accounting relationships. To provide consistent fair value disclosure information, all physical commodities inventories have been included in each period presented. 
 (c) Balances reflect the reduction of securities owned (long positions) by the amount of identical securities sold but not yet purchased (short positions). 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 173 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million and million, respectively. Included in these balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were trading assets of million and million, respectively, and other assets of million and million, respectively. 
 (e) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, included billion and billion, respectively, of residential first-lien mortgages, and billion and billion, respectively, of commercial first-lien mortgages. Residential mortgage loans include conforming mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell to U.S. GSEs and government agencies of billion and billion, respectively. 
 (f) As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral received and paid when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. The level 3 balances would be reduced if netting were applied, including the netting benefit associated with cash collateral. 

174 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 175 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Discounted cash flows Yield Prepayment speed Conditional default rate Loss severity Commercial mortgage-backed securities and loans (c) 
 Market comparables Price Corporate debt securities Market comparables Price Loans (d) 
 Market comparables Price Non-U.S. government debt securities Market comparables Price Net interest rate derivatives Option pricing Interest rate volatility bps bps bps Interest rate spread volatility bps bps bps Bermudan switch value Interest rate correlation ) IR-FX correlation ) ) Discounted cash flows Prepayment speed Net credit derivatives ) Discounted cash flows Credit correlation Credit spread bps bps bps Recovery rate Market comparables Price Net foreign exchange derivatives Option pricing IR-FX correlation ) ) Discounted cash flows Prepayment speed Interest rate curve Net equity derivatives ) Option pricing Forward equity price (h) 
 Equity volatility Equity correlation Equity-FX correlation ) ) Equity-IR correlation ) Net commodity derivatives ) Option pricing Oil commodity forward / BBL / BBL / BBL Natural gas commodity forward / MMBTU / MMBTU / MMBTU Commodity volatility Commodity correlation ) MSRs Discounted cash flows Refer to Note 15 Long-term debt, short-term borrowings, and deposits (e) 
 Option pricing Interest rate volatility bps bps bps Bermudan switch value Interest rate correlation ) IR-FX correlation ) Equity correlation Equity-FX correlation ) ) Equity-IR correlation ) Discounted cash flows Credit correlation Other level 3 assets and liabilities, net (f) 
 
 (a) The categories presented in the table have been aggregated based upon the product type, which may differ from their classification on the Consolidated balance sheets. Furthermore, the inputs presented for each valuation technique in the table are, in some cases, not applicable to every instrument valued using the technique as the characteristics of the instruments can differ. 
 (b) Comprises U.S. GSE and government agency securities of million, nonagency securities of million and non-trading loans of million. 
 (c) Comprises U.S. GSE and government agency securities of million, nonagency securities of million, trading loans of million and non-trading loans of million. 
 (d) Comprises trading loans of million and non-trading loans of million. 
 (e) Long-term debt, short-term borrowings and deposits include structured notes issued by the Firm that are financial instruments that typically contain embedded derivatives. The estimation of the fair value of structured notes includes the derivative features embedded within the instrument. The significant unobservable inputs are broadly consistent with those presented for derivative receivables. 
 (f) Includes equity securities of million including million in Other assets, for which quoted prices are not readily available and the fair value is generally based on internal valuation techniques such as EBITDA multiples and comparable analysis. All other level 3 assets and liabilities are insignificant both individually and in aggregate. 
 (g) Price is a significant unobservable input for certain instruments. When quoted market prices are not readily available, reliance is generally placed on price-based internal valuation techniques. The price input is expressed assuming a par value of . 
 (h) Forward equity price is expressed as a percentage of the current equity price. 
 (i) Amounts represent weighted averages except for derivative related inputs where arithmetic averages are used. 

176 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 177 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

178 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

) ) Trading assets: Debt instruments: Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies ) ) ) Residential nonagency ) ) ) ) Commercial nonagency ) ) Total mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 
 Non-U.S. government debt securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) Loans 
 ) ) ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total debt instruments ) ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) ) ) Physical commodities ) ) Other ) ) Total trading assets debt and equity instruments 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Net derivative receivables: (b) 
 Interest rate ) ) ) Credit ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) ) Equity ) ) ) ) Commodity ) ) ) Total net derivative receivables ) (c) 
 ) ) (c) 
 Available-for-sale securities: Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities ) Total available-for-sale securities (d) 
 ) (d) 
 Loans 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Mortgage servicing rights (e) 
 ) ) (e) 
 Other assets 
 (c) 
 ) ) ) (c) 
 Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs Year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2022 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses Transfers (out of) level 3 Fair value at Dec. 31, 2022 Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2022 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements (h) 
 Transfers into level 3 Liabilities: (a) 
 Deposits ) (c)(f) 
 ) ) ) (c)(f) 
 Short-term borrowings ) (c)(f) 
 ) ) (c)(f) 
 Trading liabilities debt and equity instruments 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) (c) 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) (c) 
 Long-term debt ) (c)(f) 
 ) ) ) (c)(f) 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 179 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Trading assets: Debt instruments: Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies ) ) ) ) ) Residential nonagency ) ) ) ) Commercial nonagency ) ) ) Total mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 
 ) Non-U.S. government debt securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) Loans 
 ) ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) ) Total debt instruments ) ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) ) Physical commodities Other ) ) Total trading assets debt and equity instruments 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Net derivative receivables: (b) 
 Interest rate ) ) ) ) Credit ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) ) ) ) Equity ) ) ) ) ) Commodity ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net derivative receivables ) (c) 
 ) ) ) (c) 
 Available-for-sale securities: Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) (d) 
 ) (d) 
 Loans 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Mortgage servicing rights (e) 
 ) ) (e) 
 Other assets 
 (c) 
 ) ) ) (c) 
 Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2021 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses Transfers (out of) level 3 Fair value at Dec. 31, 2021 Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2021 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements (h) 
 Transfers into level 3 Liabilities: (a) 
 Deposits ) (c)(f) 
 ) ) ) (c)(f) 
 Short-term borrowings ) (c)(f) 
 ) ) ) (c)(f) 
 Trading liabilities debt and equity instruments 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) (c) 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 (c) 
 ) (c) 
 Long-term debt (c)(f) 
 ) ) (c)(f) 
 
 180 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Trading assets: Debt instruments: Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies ) ) ) ) Residential nonagency ) ) ) ) Commercial nonagency ) ) Total mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 
 ) ) Non-U.S. government debt securities 
 ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) Loans 
 ) ) ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) ) ) Total debt instruments ) ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) ) ) Physical commodities Other ) ) ) Total trading assets debt and equity instruments 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Net derivative receivables: (b) 
 Interest rate ) ) ) ) Credit ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) ) Equity ) ) ) ) ) ) Commodity ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net derivative receivables ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Available-for-sale securities: Mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale securities 
 ) 
 Loans 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Mortgage servicing rights ) (e) 
 ) ) ) (e) 
 Other assets 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs Year ended December 31, 2020 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2020 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses Transfers into level 3 Transfers (out of) level 3 Fair value at Dec. 31, 2020 Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2020 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements (h) 
 Liabilities: (a) 
 Deposits (c)(f) 
 ) ) (c)(f) 
 Short-term borrowings ) (c)(f) 
 ) ) (c)(f) 
 Trading liabilities debt and equity instruments 
 ) (c) 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 (c) 
 ) ) (c) 
 Long-term debt (c)(f) 
 ) ) (c)(f) 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 181 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and at December 31, 2020. Level 3 liabilities at fair value as a percentage of total Firm liabilities at fair value (including liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis) were , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) All level 3 derivatives are presented on a net basis, irrespective of the underlying counterparty. 
 (c) Predominantly reported in principal transactions revenue, except for changes in fair value for CCB mortgage loans and lending-related commitments originated with the intent to sell, and mortgage loan purchase commitments, which are reported in mortgage fees and related income. 
 (d) Realized gains/(losses) on AFS securities are reported in investment securities gains/(losses). Unrealized gains/(losses) are reported in OCI. Realized and unrealized gains/(losses) recorded on AFS securities were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (e) Changes in fair value for MSRs are reported in mortgage fees and related income. 
 (f) Realized (gains)/losses due to DVA for fair value option elected liabilities are reported in principal transactions revenue, and were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Unrealized (gains)/losses are reported in OCI, and they were ) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (g) Loan originations are included in purchases. 
 (h) Includes financial assets and liabilities that have matured, been partially or fully repaid, impacts of modifications, deconsolidations associated with beneficial interests in VIEs and other items. 
 Level 3 analysis 
 Consolidated balance sheets changes 
 The following describes significant changes to level 3 assets since December 31, 2021, for those items measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Refer to Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis on page 185 for further information on changes impacting items measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Level 3 assets were billion at December 31, 2022, reflecting an increase of billion from December 31, 2021. 
 The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was predominantly driven by: 
 billion increase in gross derivative receivables due to gains and purchases partially offset by settlements. 
 billion increase in MSRs. 
 Refer to Note 15 for information on MSRs. 
 Refer to the sections below for additional information. 
 Transfers between levels for instruments carried at 
 fair value on a recurring basis 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, significant transfers from level 2 into level 3 included the following: 
 billion of total debt and equity instruments, predominantly due to equity securities of billion driven by a decrease in observability predominantly as a result of restricted access to certain markets and trading loans of million driven by a decrease in observability. 
 billion of gross interest rate derivative receivables and million of gross interest rate derivative payables as a result of a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 billion of gross equity derivative receivables and billion of gross equity derivative payables as a result of a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 billion of non-trading loans driven by a decrease in observability. 
 million of long-term debt driven by a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs for structured notes. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, significant transfers from level 3 into level 2 included the following: 
 billion of total debt and equity instruments, largely due to trading loans, driven by an increase in observability. 
 billion of gross interest rate derivative receivables and million of gross interest rate derivative payables as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 billion of gross equity derivative receivables and billion of gross equity derivative payables as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 million of non-trading loans driven by an increase in observability. 
 billion of long-term debt driven by an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs for structured notes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, significant transfers from level 2 into level 3 included the following: 
 billion of total debt and equity instruments, largely due to trading loans, driven by a decrease in observability. 
 billion of gross equity derivative receivables and billion of gross equity derivative payables as a result of a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 billion of non-trading loans driven by a decrease in observability. 

182 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

billion of total debt and equity instruments, largely due to trading loans, driven by an increase in observability. 
 billion of gross equity derivative receivables and billion of gross equity derivative payables as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 million of non-trading loans driven by an increase in observability. 
 million of long-term debt driven by an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs for structured notes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, significant transfers from level 2 into level 3 included the following: 
 billion of total debt and equity instruments, predominantly equity securities and trading loans, driven by a decrease in observability. 
 billion of gross equity derivative receivables and billion of gross equity derivative payables as a result of a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 million of gross interest rate derivative payables as a result of a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 billion of non-trading loans driven by a decrease in observability. 
 billion of long-term debt driven by a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs for structured notes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, significant transfers from level 3 into level 2 included the following: 
 billion of total debt and equity instruments, predominantly due to corporate debt and trading loans, driven by an increase in observability 
 billion of gross equity derivative receivables and billion of gross equity derivative payables as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 million of deposits as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs. 
 billion of long-term debt driven by an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs for structured notes. 
 All transfers are based on changes in the observability and/or significance of the valuation inputs and are assumed to occur at the beginning of the quarterly reporting period in which they occur. 

Gains and losses 
 The following describes significant components of total realized/unrealized gains/(losses) for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. These amounts exclude any effects of the Firm s risk management activities where the financial instruments are classified as level 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements rollforward tables on pages 178-182 for further information on these instruments. 
 2022 
 billion of net gains on assets, predominantly driven by gains in net equity derivative receivables due to market movements and gains in MSRs reflecting lower prepayment speeds on higher rates. 
 billion of net gains on liabilities, predominantly driven by a decline in the fair value of long-term debt due to market movements. 
 2021 
 million of net gains on assets, driven by gains in net interest rate derivative receivables due to market movements, partially offset by losses in net equity derivative receivables and net commodity derivative receivables due to market movements. 
 billion of net gains on liabilities, driven by gains in short-term borrowings due to market movements. 
 2020 
 million of net gains on assets driven by gains in net interest rate derivative receivables due to market movements largely offset by losses in MSRs reflecting faster prepayment speeds on lower rates. 
 million of net gains on liabilities driven by market movements in short-term borrowings. 
 Refer to Note 15 for information on MSRs. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 183 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

) Derivatives FVA ) 
 Valuation adjustments on fair value option elected liabilities 

184 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

(b) 
 Other assets (a) 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities Total liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Fair value hierarchy Total fair value Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Loans 
 Other assets 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 
 (a) Primarily includes equity securities without readily determinable fair values that were adjusted based on observable price changes in orderly transactions from an identical or similar investment of the same issuer (measurement alternative). Of the billion in level 3 assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022, billion related to equity securities adjusted based on the measurement alternative. These equity securities are classified as level 3 due to the infrequency of the observable prices and/or the restrictions on the shares. 
 (b) Of the million in level 3 assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022, million related to residential real estate loans carried at the net realizable value of the underlying collateral (e.g., collateral-dependent loans). These amounts are classified as level 3 as they are valued using information from broker s price opinions, appraisals and automated valuation models and discounted based upon the Firm s experience with actual liquidation values. These discounts ranged from to with a weighted average of . 
 Nonrecurring fair value changes) 
 ) ) Other assets (a) 
 ) 
 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) 
 ) Total nonrecurring fair value gains/(losses) 
 ) ) 
 (a) Included ) million, million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of net gains/(losses) as a result of the measurement alternative. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 185 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Upward carrying value changes (b) 
 
 Downward carrying value changes/impairment (c) 
 ) ) 
 (a) The period-end carrying values reflect cumulative purchases and sales in addition to upward and downward carrying value changes. 
 (b) The cumulative upward carrying value changes between January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2022 were billion.) million 
 Included in other assets above is the Firm s interest in Visa Class B common shares Visa B shares recorded at a nominal carrying value. In November 2022, the Firm sold approximately million Visa B shares, resulting in a net pretax gain of million recorded in other income. Visa B shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions and are convertible into Visa Class A common shares Visa A shares at a specified conversion rate upon final resolution of certain litigation matters involving Visa. In connection with the sale, and consistent with the Firm s sale of million Visa B shares in 2013, the Firm entered into a derivative instrument with the purchaser of the shares, under which the Firm retains the risk associated with changes in the conversion rate. 
 Under the terms of the derivative instrument, the Firm will (a) make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate and (b) make periodic interest payments to the purchaser of the Visa B shares. The payments under the derivative continue as long as the Visa B shares remain subject to transfer restrictions. The derivative is accounted for at fair value using a discounted cash flow methodology based upon the Firm s estimate of the timing and magnitude of final resolution of the litigation matters. The derivative is recorded in trading liabilities and changes in fair value are recognized in other income. As of December 31, 2022, the Firm held derivative instruments associated with the million Visa B shares that it has sold, which are all subject to similar terms and conditions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Firm s remaining interest in Visa B shares was approximately million shares. On January 5, 2023, Visa filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC indicating that the conversion rate of Visa B shares to Visa A shares decreased from to effective December 29, 2022. The conversion rate may be further adjusted by Visa depending on developments related to the litigation matters. The outcome of those litigation matters, and the effect that the resolution of those matters may have on the conversion rate, is unknown, and accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, there is significant uncertainty regarding the date of the termination of transfer restrictions and the value of the final conversion rate. As a result of this, as well as differences in voting rights, Visa B shares are not considered to be similar to Visa A shares, and they continue to be held at their nominal carrying value. 

186 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Deposits with banks (b) 
 (b) 
 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 
 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 
 Securities borrowed 
 Investment securities, held-to-maturity 
 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses (a) 
 Other Financial liabilities Deposits Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 Short-term borrowings Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 
 Long-term debt 
 (a) Fair value is typically estimated using a discounted cash flow model that incorporates the characteristics of the underlying loans (including principal, contractual interest rate and contractual fees) and other key inputs, including expected lifetime credit losses, interest rates, prepayment rates, and primary origination or secondary market spreads. For certain loans, the fair value is measured based on the value of the underlying collateral. Carrying value of the loan takes into account the loan s allowance for loan losses, which represents the loan s expected credit losses over its remaining expected life. The difference between the estimated fair value and carrying value of a loan is generally attributable to changes in market interest rates, including credit spreads, market liquidity premiums and other factors that affect the fair value of a loan but do not affect its carrying value. 
 (b) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 
 (a) Excludes the current carrying values of the guarantee liability and the offsetting asset, each of which is recognized at fair value at the inception of the guarantees. 
 (b) Includes the wholesale allowance for lending-related commitments. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 187 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 3 

188 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

) ) ) Securities borrowed ) ) ) ) Trading assets: Debt and equity instruments, excluding loans 
 ) ) ) ) (c) 
 ) ) (c) 
 Loans reported as trading 
 assets: 
 Changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) 
 ) 
 
 Other changes in fair value ) 
 ) ) 
 ) ) 
 ) Loans: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) (c) 
 ) ) (c) 
 (c) 
 Other changes in fair value ) ) (c) 
 ) ) (c) 
 (c) 
 Other assets ) (d) 
 ) (d) 
 ) ) (d) 
 Deposits (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 ) ) Short-term borrowings (a) 
 ) ) Trading liabilities Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 
 ) ) Other liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Long-term debt (a)(b) 
 (c)(d) 
 ) (c)(d) 
 ) ) ) (c) 
 ) 
 (a) Unrealized gains/(losses) due to instrument-specific credit risk (DVA) for liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded in OCI, while realized gains/(losses) are recorded in principal transactions revenue. Realized gains/(losses) due to instrument-specific credit risk recorded in principal transactions revenue were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (b) Long-term debt measured at fair value predominantly relates to structured notes. Although the risk associated with the structured notes is actively managed, the gains/(losses) reported in this table do not include the income statement impact of the risk management instruments used to manage such risk. 
 (c) Reported in mortgage fees and related income. 
 (d) Reported in other income. 
 (e) Changes in fair value exclude contractual interest, which is included in interest income and interest expense for all instruments other than certain hybrid financial instruments in CIB. Refer to Note 7 for further information regarding interest income and interest expense. 
 Determination of instrument-specific credit risk for items for which the fair value option was elected 
 The following describes how the gains and losses that are attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk, were determined. 
 Loans and lending-related commitments: For floating-rate instruments, all changes in value are attributed to instrument-specific credit risk. For fixed-rate instruments, an allocation of the changes in value for the period is made between those changes in value that are interest rate-related and changes in value that are credit-related. Allocations are generally based on an analysis of borrower-specific credit spread and recovery 

information, where available, or benchmarking to similar entities or industries. 
 Long-term debt: Changes in value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk were derived principally from observable changes in the Firm s credit spread as observed in the bond market. 
 Securities financing agreements: Generally, for these types of agreements, there is a requirement that collateral be maintained with a market value equal to or in excess of the principal amount loaned; as a result, there would be no adjustment or an immaterial adjustment for instrument-specific credit risk related to these agreements. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 189 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 ) ) Loans ) ) Subtotal ) ) 90 or more days past due and government guaranteed Loans (a) 
 ) ) All other performing loans (b) 
 Loans reported as trading assets ) (e) 
 ) (e) 
 Loans ) (e) 
 (e) 
 Subtotal ) ) Total loans ) ) Long-term debt Principal-protected debt (d) 
 ) (d) 
 ) Nonprincipal-protected debt (c) 
 NA NA NA NA Total long-term debt NA NA NA NA Long-term beneficial interests Nonprincipal-protected debt (c) 
 NA NA NA NA Total long-term beneficial interests NA NA NA NA 
 (a) These balances are excluded from nonaccrual loans as the loans are insured and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies. 
 (b) There were performing loans that were ninety days or more past due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (c) Remaining contractual principal is not applicable to nonprincipal-protected structured notes and long-term beneficial interests. Unlike principal-protected structured notes and long-term beneficial interests, for which the Firm is obligated to return a stated amount of principal at maturity, nonprincipal-protected structured notes and long-term beneficial interests do not obligate the Firm to return a stated amount of principal at maturity, but for structured notes to return an amount based on the performance of an underlying variable or derivative feature embedded in the note. However, investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Firm as issuer for both nonprincipal-protected and principal-protected notes. 
 (d) Where the Firm issues principal-protected zero-coupon or discount notes, the balance reflects the contractual principal payment at maturity or, if applicable, the contractual principal payment at the Firm s next call date. 
 (e) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the contractual amount of lending-related commitments for which the fair value option was elected was billion and billion, respectively, with a corresponding fair value of million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 28 for further information regarding off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments. 
 190 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Credit Foreign exchange Equity Commodity (a) 
 (a) 
 Total structured notes 
 (a) Excludes deposits linked to precious metals for which the fair value option has not been elected of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 191 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 4 
 
 192 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

(i) 
 (i) 
 Credit card (a) 
 Total consumer (a) 
 Wholesale (b) 
 Real Estate Individuals and Individual Entities (c) 
 Consumer Retail Asset Managers Industrials Technology, Media Telecommunications Healthcare Banks Finance Cos Oil Gas Utilities State Municipal Govt (d) 
 Automotive Insurance Chemicals Plastics Central Govt Metals Mining Transportation Securities Firms Financial Markets Infrastructure All other (e) 
 
 Subtotal Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 
 Receivables from customers (f) 
 Total wholesale Total exposure (g)(h) 
 
 (a) Also includes commercial card lending-related commitments primarily in CB and CIB. 
 (b) The industry rankings presented in the table as of December 31, 2021, are based on the industry rankings of the corresponding exposures at December 31, 2022, not actual rankings of such exposures at December 31, 2021. 
 (c) Individuals and Individual Entities predominantly consists of Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB, and includes exposure to personal investment companies and personal and testamentary trusts. 
 (d) In addition to the credit risk exposure to states and municipal governments (both U.S. and non-U.S.) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, noted above, the Firm held: billion and billion, respectively, of trading assets; billion and billion, respectively, of AFS securities; and billion and billion , respectively, of HTM securities, issued by U.S. state and municipal governments. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 for further information. 
 (e) All other includes: SPEs and Private education and civic organizations, representing approximately and , respectively, at December 31, 2022 and and , respectively, at December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 14 for more information on exposures to SPEs. 
 (f) Receivables from customers reflect held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage clients in CIB, CCB and AWM that are collateralized by assets maintained in the clients brokerage accounts (e.g., cash on deposit, liquid and readily marketable debt or equity securities). Because of this collateralization, no allowance for credit losses is generally held against these receivables. To manage its credit risk the Firm establishes margin requirements and monitors the required margin levels on an ongoing basis, and requires clients to deposit additional cash or other collateral, or to reduce positions, when appropriate. These receivables are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Firm s Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (g) Excludes cash placed with banks of billion and billion, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is predominantly placed with various central banks, primarily Federal Reserve Banks. 
 (h) Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities held against derivative receivables or loans and liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables. 
 (i) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, included million and billion of loans in Business Banking under the PPP, respectively. PPP loans are guaranteed by the SBA. Other than in certain limited circumstances, the Firm typically does not recognize charge-offs, classify as nonaccrual nor record an allowance for loan losses on these loans. 
 (j) Represents lending-related financial instruments. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 193 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 5 

194 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 195 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

196 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Futures and forwards 
 Written options 
 Purchased options 
 Total interest rate contracts 
 Credit derivatives (a) 
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 Cross-currency swaps 
 Spot, futures and forwards 
 Written options 
 Purchased options 
 Total foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts Swaps 
 Futures and forwards 
 Written options 
 Purchased options 
 Total equity contracts Commodity contracts Swaps 
 Spot, futures and forwards 
 Written options 
 Purchased options 
 Total commodity contracts 
 Total derivative notional amounts 
 
 (a) Refer to the Credit derivatives discussion on pages 205-207 for more information on volumes and types of credit derivative contracts. 
 (b) Represents the sum of gross long and gross short third-party notional derivative contracts. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 197 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Credit Foreign exchange Equity Commodity Total fair value of trading assets and liabilities 
 Gross derivative receivables Gross derivative payables December 31, 2021 (in millions) Not designated as hedges Designated as hedges Total derivative receivables Net derivative receivables (b) 
 Not designated as hedges Designated as hedges Total derivative payables Net 
 derivative payables (b) 
 Trading assets and liabilities Interest rate Credit Foreign exchange Equity Commodity Total fair value of trading assets and liabilities 
 
 (a) Balances exclude structured notes for which the fair value option has been elected. Refer to Note 3 for further information. 
 (b) As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral receivables and payables when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. 

198 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

) ) OTC cleared ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 ) ) Total interest rate contracts ) ) Credit contracts: OTC ) ) OTC cleared ) ) Total credit contracts ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: OTC ) ) OTC cleared ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 ) Total foreign exchange contracts ) ) Equity contracts: OTC ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 ) ) Total equity contracts ) ) Commodity contracts: OTC ) ) OTC cleared ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 ) ) Total commodity contracts ) ) Derivative receivables with appropriate legal opinion 
 ) (d) 
 ) (d) 
 Derivative receivables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained 
 Total derivative receivables recognized on the Consolidated balance sheets 
 Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (b)(c) 
 ) ) Net amounts 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 199 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 ) ) OTC cleared ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 ) ) Total interest rate contracts ) ) Credit contracts: OTC ) ) OTC cleared ) ) Total credit contracts ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: OTC ) ) OTC cleared ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 Total foreign exchange contracts ) ) Equity contracts: OTC ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 ) ) Total equity contracts ) ) Commodity contracts: OTC ) ) OTC cleared ) ) Exchange-traded (a) 
 ) ) Total commodity contracts ) ) Derivative payables with appropriate legal opinion 
 ) (d) 
 ) (d) 
 Derivative payables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained 
 Total derivative payables recognized on the Consolidated balance sheets 
 Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (b)(c) 
 ) ) Net amounts 
 
 (a) Exchange-traded derivative balances that relate to futures contracts are settled daily. 
 (b) Includes liquid securities and other cash collateral held at third-party custodians related to derivative instruments where an appropriate legal opinion has been obtained. For some counterparties, the collateral amounts of financial instruments may exceed the derivative receivables and derivative payables balances. Where this is the case, the total amount reported is limited to the net derivative receivables and net derivative payables balances with that counterparty. 
 (c) Derivative collateral relates only to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative instruments. 
 (d) Net derivatives receivable included cash collateral netted of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net derivatives payable included cash collateral netted of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Derivative cash collateral relates to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative instruments. 

200 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Collateral posted 
 The following table shows the impact of a single-notch and two-notch downgrade of the long-term issuer ratings of JPMorgan Chase Co. and its subsidiaries, predominantly JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at December 31, 2022 and 2021, related to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative contracts with contingent collateral or termination features that may be triggered upon a ratings downgrade. Derivatives contracts generally require additional collateral to be posted or terminations to be triggered when the predefined rating threshold is breached. A downgrade by a single rating agency that does not result in a rating lower than a preexisting corresponding rating provided by another major rating agency will generally not result in additional collateral (except in certain instances in which additional initial margin may be required upon a ratings downgrade), nor in termination payment requirements. The liquidity impact in the table is calculated based upon a downgrade below the lowest current rating of the rating agencies referred to in the derivative contract. 
 Liquidity impact of downgrade triggers on OTC and OTC-cleared derivatives December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Single-notch downgrade Two-notch downgrade Single-notch downgrade Two-notch downgrade Amount of additional collateral to be posted upon downgrade (a) 
 Amount required to settle contracts with termination triggers upon downgrade (b) 
 
 (a) Includes the additional collateral to be posted for initial margin. 
 (b) Amounts represent fair values of derivative payables, and do not reflect collateral posted. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 201 

Notes to consolidated financial statements ) ) Foreign exchange (c) 
 ) ) Commodity (d) 
 ) Total ) ) ) ) Gains/(losses) recorded in income Income statement impact of excluded components (e) 
 OCI impact Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Income statement impact Amortization approach Changes in fair value Derivatives - Gains/(losses) recorded in OCI (f) 
 Contract type Interest rate (a)(b) 
 ) ) ) Foreign exchange (c) 
 ) ) ) Commodity (d) 
 ) Total ) ) ) ) ) Gains/(losses) recorded in income Income statement impact of excluded components (e) 
 OCI impact Year ended December 31, 2020 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Income statement impact Amortization approach Changes in fair value Derivatives - Gains/(losses) recorded in OCI (f) 
 Contract type Interest rate (a)(b) 
 ) ) ) Foreign exchange (c) 
 ) ) Commodity (d) 
 ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Primarily consists of hedges of the benchmark (e.g., Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR )) interest rate risk of fixed-rate long-term debt and AFS securities. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income. 
 (b) Effective January 1, 2022, the Firm updated its presentation in the tables above to include the amortization of income/expense associated with the inception hedge accounting adjustment applied to the hedged item; prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. Excludes the accrual of interest on interest rate swaps and the related hedged items. 
 (c) Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of long-term debt and AFS securities for changes in spot foreign currency rates. Gains and losses related to the derivatives and the hedged items due to changes in foreign currency rates and the income statement impact of excluded components were recorded primarily in principal transactions revenue and net interest income. 
 (d) Consists of overall fair value hedges of physical commodities inventories that are generally carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value (net realizable value approximates fair value). Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. 
 (e) The assessment of hedge effectiveness excludes certain components of the changes in fair values of the derivatives and hedged items such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts, time values and cross-currency basis spreads. Excluded components may impact earnings either through amortization of the initial amount over the life of the derivative or through fair value changes recognized in the current period. 
 (f) Represents the change in value of amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness under the amortization approach, predominantly cross-currency basis spreads. The amount excluded at inception of the hedge is recognized in earnings over the life of the derivative. 
 
 202 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

(c) 
 ) ) ) Liabilities Long-term debt ) ) ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs Carrying amount of the hedged items (a)(b) 
 Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustments included in the carrying amount of hedged items: December 31, 2021 (in millions) Active hedging relationships (d) 
 Discontinued hedging relationships (d)(e) 
 Total Assets Investment securities - AFS (c) 
 Liabilities Long-term debt ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs ) ) 
 (a) Excludes physical commodities with a carrying value of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to which the Firm applies fair value hedge accounting. As a result of the application of hedge accounting, these inventories are carried at fair value, thus recognizing unrealized gains and losses in current periods. Since the Firm exits these positions at fair value, there is no incremental impact to net income in future periods. 
 (b) Excludes hedged items where only foreign currency risk is the designated hedged risk, as basis adjustments related to foreign currency hedges will not reverse through the income statement in future periods. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount excluded for AFS securities is billion and billion, respectively, and for long-term debt is million and billion, respectively. Prior-period amount has been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 (c) Carrying amount represents the amortized cost, net of allowance if applicable. Refer to Note 10 for additional information. 
 (d) Positive (negative) amounts related to assets represent cumulative fair value hedge basis adjustments that will reduce (increase) net interest income in future periods. Positive (negative) amounts related to liabilities represent cumulative fair value hedge basis adjustments that will increase (reduce) net interest income in future periods. 
 (e) Represents basis adjustments existing on the balance sheet date associated with hedged items that have been de-designated from qualifying fair value hedging relationships. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 203 

Notes to consolidated financial statements ) ) Foreign exchange (b) 
 ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Derivatives gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss) Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to income Amounts recorded in OCI Total change in OCI for period 
 Contract type Interest rate (a) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange (b) 
 ) Total ) ) Derivatives gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss) Year ended December 31, 2020 (in millions) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to income Amounts recorded in OCI Total change in OCI for period 
 Contract type Interest rate (a) 
 Foreign exchange (b) 
 Total 
 (a) Primarily consists of hedges of SOFR-indexed and LIBOR-indexed floating-rate assets. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income. 
 (b) Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of non-U.S. dollar-denominated revenue and expense. The income statement classification of gains and losses follows the hedged item primarily noninterest revenue and compensation expense. 
 The Firm did not experience any forecasted transactions that failed to occur for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Over the next 12 months, the Firm expects that approximately ) billion (after-tax) of net losses recorded in AOCI at December 31, 2022, related to cash flow hedges will be recognized in income. For cash flow hedges that have been terminated, the maximum length of time over which the derivative results recorded in AOCI will be recognized in earnings is approximately , corresponding to the timing of the originally hedged forecasted cash flows. For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is approximately . The Firm s longer-dated forecasted transactions relate to core lending and borrowing activities. 
 Net investment hedge gains and losses) ) ) ) 
 (a) Certain components of hedging derivatives are permitted to be excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts. The Firm elects to record changes in fair value of these amounts directly in other income. 
 (b) Excludes amounts reclassified from AOCI to income on the sale or liquidation of hedged entities. The Firm reclassified net pre-tax gains of million and million to other income/expense related to the liquidation of certain legal entities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. The amount reclassified for the year ended December 31, 2021 was t material. Refer to Note 24 for further information. 
 204 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Credit (b) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange (c) 
 ) Total ) 
 (a) Primarily represents interest rate derivatives used to hedge the interest rate risk inherent in mortgage commitments, warehouse loans and MSRs, as well as written commitments to originate warehouse loans. Gains and losses were recorded predominantly in mortgage fees and related income. 
 (b) Relates to credit derivatives used to mitigate credit risk associated with lending exposures in the Firm s wholesale businesses. These derivatives do not include credit derivatives used to mitigate counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables, which is included in gains and losses on derivatives related to market-making activities and other derivatives. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. 
 (c) Primarily relates to derivatives used to mitigate foreign exchange risk of specified foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 205 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million of realized credit losses in a million portfolio of exposure. Such structures are commonly known as tranche CDS. 
 For both single-name CDS contracts and index CDS contracts, upon the occurrence of a credit event, under the terms of a CDS contract neither party to the CDS contract has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value of the reference obligation at settlement of the credit derivative contract, also known as the recovery value. The protection purchaser does not need to hold the debt instrument of the underlying reference entity in order to receive amounts due under the CDS contract when a credit event occurs. 

Credit-related notes 
 A credit-related note is a funded derivative with a credit risk component where the issuer of the credit-related note purchases from the note investor credit protection on a reference entity or an index. Under the contract, the investor pays the issuer the par value of the note at the inception of the transaction, and in return, the issuer pays periodic payments to the investor, based on the credit risk of the referenced entity. The issuer also repays the investor the par value of the note at maturity unless the reference entity (or one of the entities that makes up a reference index) experiences a specified credit event. If a credit event occurs, the issuer is not obligated to repay the par value of the note, but rather, the issuer pays the investor the difference between the par value of the note and the fair value of the defaulted reference obligation at the time of settlement. Neither party to the credit-related note has recourse to the defaulting reference entity. 
 The following tables present a summary of the notional amounts of credit derivatives and credit-related notes the Firm sold and purchased as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Upon a credit event, the Firm as a seller of protection would typically pay out only a percentage of the full notional amount of net protection sold, as the amount actually required to be paid on the contracts takes into account the recovery value of the reference obligation at the time of settlement. The Firm manages the credit risk on contracts to sell protection by purchasing protection with identical or similar underlying reference entities. Other purchased protection referenced in the following tables includes credit derivatives bought on related, but not identical, reference positions (including indices, portfolio coverage and other reference points) as well as protection purchased by CIB through credit-related notes primarily in its market-making businesses. In addition, the Firm obtains credit protection against certain loans in the retained consumer portfolio through the issuance of credit-related notes. Since these credit-related notes are not part of the market-making businesses they are not included in the table below. 

206 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Other credit derivatives (a) 
 ) Total credit derivatives ) Credit-related notes (b) 
 Total ) Maximum payout/Notional amount Protection sold Protection purchased with identical underlyings (c) 
 Net protection (sold)/purchased (d) 
 Other protection purchased (e) 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Credit derivatives Credit default swaps ) Other credit derivatives (a) 
 ) Total credit derivatives ) Credit-related notes (b) 
 Total ) 
 (a) Other credit derivatives predominantly consist of credit swap options and total return swaps. 
 (b) Represents Other protection purchased by CIB, primarily in its market-making businesses. 
 (c) Represents the total notional amount of protection purchased where the underlying reference instrument is identical to the reference instrument on protection sold; the notional amount of protection purchased for each individual identical underlying reference instrument may be greater or lower than the notional amount of protection sold. 
 (d) Does not take into account the fair value of the reference obligation at the time of settlement, which would generally reduce the amount the seller of protection pays to the buyer of protection in determining settlement value. 
 (e) Represents protection purchased by the Firm on referenced instruments (single-name, portfolio or index) where the Firm has not sold any protection on the identical reference instrument.) ) ) ) ) Noninvestment-grade ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions) 5 years Total notional amount Fair value of receivables (b) 
 Fair value of payables (b) 
 Net fair value Risk rating of reference entity Investment-grade ) ) ) ) ) Noninvestment-grade ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) The ratings scale is primarily based on external credit ratings defined by S P and Moody s. 
 (b) Amounts are shown on a gross basis, before the benefit of legally enforceable master netting agreements including cash collateral netting. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 207 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 6 
 Debt Total underwriting Advisory Total investment banking fees 
 Investment banking fees are earned primarily by CIB. Refer to Note 32 for segment results. 

208 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Credit (b) 
 (c) 
 Foreign exchange Equity Commodity Total trading revenue Private equity gains/(losses) ) ) Principal transactions 
 (a) Includes the impact of changes in funding valuation adjustments on derivatives. 
 (b) Includes the impact of changes in credit valuation adjustments on derivatives, net of the associated hedging activities. 
 (c) Includes net markdowns on held-for-sale positions, primarily unfunded commitments, in the bridge financing portfolio. 
 Principal transactions revenue is earned primarily by CIB. Refer to Note 32 for segment results. 
 Deposit-related fees Total lending- and deposit-related fees 
 
 Lending- and deposit-related fees are earned by CCB, CIB, CB, and AWM. Refer to Note 32 for segment results. 

All other asset management fees (b) 
 Total asset management fees Total administration fees (c) 
 Commissions and other fees Brokerage commissions (d) 
 All other commissions and fees (e) 
 Total commissions and fees Total asset management, administration and commissions 
 
 (a) Represents fees earned from managing assets on behalf of the Firm s clients, including investors in Firm-sponsored funds and owners of separately managed investment accounts. 
 (b) Represents fees for services that are ancillary to investment management services, such as commissions earned on the sales or distribution of mutual funds to clients. These fees are recorded as revenue at the time the service is rendered or, in the case of certain distribution fees based on the underlying fund s asset value and/or investor redemption, recorded over time as the investor remains in the fund or upon investor redemption. 
 (c) Predominantly includes fees for custody, securities lending, funds services and securities clearance. These fees are recorded as revenue over the period in which the related service is provided. 
 (d) Represents commissions earned when the Firm acts as a broker, by facilitating its clients purchases and sales of securities and other financial instruments. Brokerage commissions are collected and recognized as revenue upon occurrence of the client transaction. The Firm reports certain costs paid to third-party clearing houses and exchanges net against commission revenue. 
 (e) Includes travel-related and annuity sales commissions, depositary receipt-related service fees, as well as other service fees, which are recognized as revenue when the services are rendered. 
 Asset management, administration and commissions are earned primarily by AWM, CIB and CCB. Refer to Note 32 for segment results. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 209 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 -month period. 
 Certain credit card products offer the cardholder the ability to earn points based on account activity, which the cardholder can choose to redeem for cash and non-cash rewards. The cost to the Firm related to these proprietary rewards programs varies based on multiple factors including the terms and conditions of the rewards programs, cardholder activity, cardholder reward redemption rates and cardholder reward selections. The Firm maintains a liability for its obligations under its rewards programs and reports the current-period cost as a reduction of card income. 
 Credit card revenue sharing agreements 
 The Firm has contractual agreements with numerous co-brand partners that grant the Firm exclusive rights to issue co-branded credit card products and market them to the customers of such partners. These partners endorse the co-brand credit card programs and provide their customer or member lists to the Firm. The partners may also conduct marketing activities and provide rewards redeemable under their own loyalty programs that the Firm will grant to co-brand credit cardholders based on account activity. The terms of these agreements generally range from five to . 
 The Firm typically makes payments to the co-brand credit card partners based on the cost of partners marketing activities and loyalty program rewards provided to credit cardholders, new account originations and sales volumes. Payments to partners based on marketing efforts undertaken by the partners are expensed by the Firm as incurred and reported as marketing expense. Payments for partner loyalty program rewards are reported as a reduction of card income when incurred. Payments to partners based on new credit card account originations are accounted for as direct loan origination costs and are deferred and recognized as a reduction of card income on a straight-line basis over a -month period. Payments to partners based on sales volumes are reported as a reduction of card income when the related interchange 

Reward costs and partner payments ) ) ) Other card income (a) 
 ) ) ) Total card income 
 (a) Predominantly represents the amortization of account origination costs and annual fees, which are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over a -month period. 
 Card income is earned primarily by CCB, CIB and CB. Refer to Note 32 for segment results. 
 Other i ncome 
 This revenue category includes operating lease income, as well as losses associated with the Firm s tax-oriented investments, predominantly alternative energy equity-method investments in CIB. 
 Losses on tax-oriented investments (a) 
 ) ) ) Gain on sale of Visa B shares 
 The losses associated with these tax-oriented investments are more than offset by lower income tax expense from the associated tax credits. 
 Refer to Note 2 and 18 for additional information on Visa B shares and operating leases, respectively. 
 Noninterest expense 
 Other expense 

210 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 7 
 Taxable securities Non-taxable securities (b) 
 Total investment securities (a) 
 Trading assets - debt instruments Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 
 Securities borrowed (c) 
 ) ) Deposits with banks All other interest-earning assets (d) 
 Total interest income Interest expense Interest bearing deposits Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 Short-term borrowings (e) 
 Trading liabilities - debt and all other interest-bearing liabilities (f) 
 Long-term debt Beneficial interest issued by consolidated VIEs 
 Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
 
 (a) Includes the amortization/accretion of unearned income (e.g., purchase premiums/discounts and net deferred fees/costs). 
 (b) Represents securities that are tax-exempt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 (c) Negative interest and rates reflect the net impact of interest earned offset by fees paid on client-driven prime brokerage securities borrowed transactions. 
 (d) Includes interest earned on brokerage-related held-for-investment customer receivables, which are classified in accrued interest and accounts receivable, and all other interest-earning assets, which are classified in other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (e) Includes commercial paper. 
 (f) All other interest-bearing liabilities includes interest expense on brokerage-related customer payables. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 211 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 8 

) Fair value of plan assets Net funded status Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) 
 The weighted-average discount rate used to value the benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 
 
 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of the plan assets. Amortization is generally over the average expected remaining lifetime of plan participants, given the frozen status of most plans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, a remeasurement of the Firm s U.S. principal defined benefit plan in the third quarter, was required as a result of a 

pension settlement. The remeasurement resulted in a reduction in the fair value of the Firm s U.S. principal defined benefit plan assets, reflecting market conditions at the time of remeasurement, and a reduction in the plan s projected benefit obligation totaling billion and billion, respectively, resulting in a net decrease of billion in pre-tax AOCI. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net gain was predominantly attributable to market-driven increases in the fair value of plan assets and the discount rate. 
 ) ) Total defined contribution plans Total pension and OPEB cost included in noninterest expense Total recognized in other comprehensive (income)/loss ) ) 
 million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 212 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

- debt securities, - equity securities, - real estate, and - alternatives as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, assets held by the Firm s defined benefit pension and OPEB plans do not include securities issued by JPMorgan Chase or its affiliates, except through indirect exposures through investments in exchange traded funds, mutual funds and collective investment funds managed by third-parties. The defined benefit pension and OPEB plans hold investments that are sponsored or managed by affiliates of JPMorgan Chase in the amount of billion and billion, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Assets measured at fair value using NAV as practical expedient not classified in fair value hierarchy Net defined benefit pension plan payables not classified in fair value hierarchy ) ) Total fair value of plan assets 
 (a) Consists predominantly of equity securities, U.S. federal, state, and local and non-U.S. government debt securities, and cash equivalents. 
 (b) Consists predominantly of corporate debt securities and U.S. federal, state, and local and non-U.S. government debt securities. 
 (c) Consists of corporate-owned life insurance policies and participating annuity contracts. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 213 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

billion, due to million in unrealized losses and million in settlements, and increased in 2021 to billion, predominantly due to million in unrealized gains, partially offset by million in settlements. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 2032 

214 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 9 
 million shares of common stock were available for issuance through May 2025. The LTIP is the only active plan under which the Firm is currently granting share-based incentive awards. In the following discussion, the LTIP, plus prior Firm plans and plans assumed as the result of acquisitions, are referred to collectively as the LTI Plans, and such plans constitute the Firm s share-based incentive plans. 
 after and after and are converted into shares of common stock as of the vesting date. In addition, RSUs typically include full-career eligibility provisions, which allow employees to continue to vest upon voluntary termination based on age and/or service-related requirements, subject to post-employment and other restrictions. All RSU awards are subject to forfeiture until vested and contain clawback provisions that may result in cancellation under certain specified circumstances. Predominantly all RSUs entitle the recipient to receive cash payments equivalent to any dividends paid on the underlying common stock during the period the RSUs are outstanding. 
 Performance share units PSUs are granted annually, and approved by the Firm s Board of Directors, to members of the Firm s Operating Committee under the variable compensation program. PSUs are subject to the Firm s achievement of specified performance criteria over a three -year period. The number of awards that vest can range from to of the grant amount. In addition, dividends that accrue during the vesting period are reinvested in dividend equivalent share units. PSUs and the related dividend equivalent share units are converted into shares of common stock after vesting. 

after the grant date. In 2021, the Firm awarded its Chairman and CEO and its President and Chief Operating Officer million and SARs, respectively. There were no grants of SARs or stock options in 2022 and grants in 2020 were not material. 
 The Firm separately recognizes compensation expense for each tranche of each award, net of estimated forfeitures, as if it were a separate award with its own vesting date. Generally, for each tranche granted, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date until the vesting date of the respective tranche, provided that the employees will not become full-career eligible during the vesting period. For awards with full-career eligibility provisions and awards granted with no future substantive service requirement, the Firm accrues the estimated value of awards expected to be awarded to employees as of the grant date without giving consideration to the impact of post-employment restrictions. For each tranche granted to employees who will become full-career eligible during the vesting period, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date until the earlier of the employee s full-career eligibility date or the vesting date of the respective tranche. 
 
 Refer to Note 23 for further information on the classification of share-based awards for purposes of calculating earnings per share. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 215 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Granted Exercised or vested ) ) Forfeited ) Canceled NA NA Outstanding, December 31 Exercisable, December 31 NA NA 
 The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was billion, billion and billion, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Accrual of estimated costs of share-based awards to be granted in future periods, predominantly those to full-career eligible employees Total noncash compensation expense related to employee share-based incentive plans 
 
 billion (pretax) of compensation expense related to unvested awards had not yet been charged to net income. That cost is expected to be amortized into compensation expense over a weighted-average period of years. The Firm does not capitalize any compensation expense related to share-based compensation awards to employees. 

million, million and million, respectively. 

216 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 10 
 billion and billion of investment securities, respectively, from AFS to HTM for capital management purposes. AOCI included pretax unrealized gains/(losses) of ) billion and million, respectively, on the securities at the dates of transfer. 
 Unrealized gains or losses at the date of transfer of these securities continue to be reported in AOCI and are amortized into interest income on a level-yield basis over the remaining life of the securities. This amortization will offset the effect on interest income of the amortization of the premium or discount resulting from the transfer recorded at fair value. 
 Transfers of securities from AFS to HTM are non-cash transactions and are recorded at fair value. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 217 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Residential: U.S. Non-U.S. Commercial Total mortgage-backed securities U.S. Treasury and government agencies Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Non-U.S. government debt securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities: Collateralized loan obligations Other Total available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities (a) 
 Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. GSEs and government agencies U.S. Residential Commercial Total mortgage-backed securities U.S. Treasury and government agencies Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Asset-backed securities: Collateralized loan obligations Other Total held-to-maturity securities Total investment securities, net of allowance for credit losses 
 (a) The Firm purchased billion, billion and billion of HTM securities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) The amortized cost of investment securities is reported net of allowance for credit losses of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (c) Excludes billion and billion of accrued interest receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. The Firm generally does not recognize an allowance for credit losses on accrued interest receivable, consistent with its policy to write them off no later than 90 days past due by reversing interest income. The Firm did t reverse through interest income any accrued interest receivable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , the investment securities portfolio consisted of debt securities with an average credit rating of AA+ (based upon external ratings where available, and where not available, based primarily upon internal risk ratings). Risk ratings are used to identify the credit quality of securities and differentiate risk within the portfolio. The Firm s internal risk ratings generally align with the qualitative characteristics (e.g., borrower capacity to meet financial commitments and vulnerability to changes in the economic environment) defined by S P and Moody s, 

however the quantitative characteristics (e.g., probability of default PD and loss given default LGD )) may differ as they reflect internal historical experiences and assumptions. Risk ratings are assigned at acquisition, reviewed on a regular and ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and adjusted as necessary over the life of the investment for updated information affecting the issuer s ability to fulfill its obligations. 

218 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

billion and billion, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; changes in the value of these securities are generally driven by changes in interest rates rather than changes in their credit profile given the explicit or implicit guarantees provided by the U.S. government. 
 Available-for-sale securities with gross unrealized losses Less than 12 months 12 months or more December 31, 2022 (in millions) 
 Fair value Gross unrealized losses Fair value Gross unrealized losses Total fair value Total gross unrealized losses Available-for-sale securities Mortgage-backed securities: Residential: U.S. Non-U.S. Commercial Total mortgage-backed securities Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Non-U.S. government debt securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities: Collateralized loan obligations Other Total available-for-sale securities with gross unrealized losses 
 Available-for-sale securities with gross unrealized losses Less than 12 months 12 months or more December 31, 2021 (in millions) Fair value Gross unrealized losses Fair value Gross unrealized losses Total fair value Total gross unrealized losses Available-for-sale securities Mortgage-backed securities: Residential: U.S. Non-U.S. Commercial Total mortgage-backed securities Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Non-U.S. government debt securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities: Collateralized loan obligations Other Total available-for-sale securities with gross unrealized losses 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 219 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 rated at least AA+. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses on investment securities 
 The allowance for credit losses on investment securities was million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Selected impacts of investment securities on the Consolidated statements of income 
 Realized losses ) ) ) Investment securities gains/(losses) ) ) Provision for credit losses ) 

220 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Fair value Average yield (a) 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Non-U.S. government debt securities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Corporate debt securities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Asset-backed securities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Total available-for-sale securities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Held-to-maturity securities Mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Asset-backed securities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 Total held-to-maturity securities Amortized cost Fair value Average yield (a) 
 
 (a) Average yield is computed using the effective yield of each security owned at the end of the period, weighted based on the amortized cost of each security. The effective yield considers the contractual coupon, amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, and the effect of related hedging derivatives. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. The effective yield excludes unscheduled principal prepayments; and accordingly, actual maturities of securities may differ from their contractual or expected maturities as certain securities may be prepaid. However, for certain callable debt securities, the average yield is calculated to the earliest call date. 
 (b) Substantially all of the Firm s U.S. residential MBS and collateralized mortgage obligations are due in years or more, based on contractual maturity. The estimated weighted-average life, which reflects anticipated future prepayments, is approximately for agency residential MBS, and for both agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations and nonagency residential collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 221 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 11 
 
 222 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

) ) Securities borrowed 
 ) ) Liabilities 
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements ) ) Securities loaned and other (a) 
 ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Gross amounts Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Amounts presented on the Consolidated balance sheets Amounts not 
 nettable on the Consolidated 
 balance sheets (b) 
 Net amounts (c) 
 Assets 
 Securities purchased under resale agreements 
 ) ) Securities borrowed 
 ) ) Liabilities 
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements ) ) Securities loaned and other (a) 
 ) ) 
 (a) Includes securities-for-securities lending agreements of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, accounted for at fair value, where the Firm is acting as lender. 
 (b) In some cases, collateral exchanged with a counterparty exceeds the net asset or liability balance with that counterparty. In such cases, the amounts reported in this column are limited to the related net asset or liability with that counterparty. 
 (c) Includes securities financing agreements that provide collateral rights, but where an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement has not been either sought or obtained. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, included billion and billion, respectively, of securities purchased under resale agreements; billion and billion, respectively, of securities borrowed; billion and billion, respectively, of securities sold under repurchase agreements. At December 31, 2021 included million of securities loaned and other, and the amount was material at December 31, 2022. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 223 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Residential - nonagency Commercial - nonagency U.S. Treasury, GSEs and government agencies Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities Non-U.S. government debt Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Equity securities Total 
 
 Remaining contractual maturity of the agreements December 31, 2022 (in millions) 
 Overnight and continuous Greater than 90 days Up to 30 days 30 90 days Total Total securities sold under repurchase agreements Total securities loaned and other 
 Remaining contractual maturity of the agreements December 31, 2021 (in millions) Overnight and continuous Greater than 90 days Up to 30 days 30 90 days Total Total securities sold under repurchase agreements Total securities loaned and other 
 Transfers not qualifying for sale accounting 
 million and million, respectively, of financial assets for which the rights have been transferred to third parties; however, the transfers did not qualify as a sale in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These transfers have been recognized as collateralized financing transactions. The transferred assets are recorded in trading assets and loans, and the corresponding liabilities are recorded predominantly in short-term borrowings on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 224 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 12 
 days or more, unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. A loan is determined to be past due when the minimum payment is not received from the borrower by the contractually specified due date or for certain loans (e.g., residential real estate loans), when a monthly payment is due and unpaid for days or more. 

days past due. Scored auto and modified credit card loans are charged off no later than days past due. 
 Certain consumer loans are charged off or charged down to their net realizable value earlier than the FFIEC charge-off standards in the following circumstances: 
 Loans modified in a TDR that are determined to be collateral-dependent. 
 Loans to borrowers who have experienced an event that suggests a loss is either known or highly certain are subject to accelerated charge-off standards (e.g., 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 225 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 days of receiving notification of a bankruptcy filing). 
 Auto loans upon repossession of the automobile. 
 Other than in certain limited circumstances, the Firm typically does not recognize charge-offs on the government-guaranteed portion of loans. 
 Wholesale loans are charged off when it is highly certain that a loss has been realized. The determination of whether to recognize a charge-off includes many factors, including the prioritization of the Firm s claim in bankruptcy, expectations of the workout/restructuring of the loan and valuation of the borrower s equity or the loan collateral. 
 When a loan is charged down to the lower of its amortized cost or the estimated net realizable value of the underlying collateral, the determination of the fair value of the collateral depends on the type of collateral (e.g., securities, real estate). In cases where the collateral is in the form of liquid securities, the fair value is based on quoted market prices or broker quotes. For illiquid securities or other financial assets, the fair value of the collateral is generally estimated using a discounted cash flow model. 
 For residential real estate loans, collateral values are based upon external valuation sources. When it becomes likely that a borrower is either unable or unwilling to pay, the Firm utilizes a broker s price opinion, appraisal and/or an automated valuation model of the home based on an exterior-only valuation exterior opinions ), which is then updated at least every months, or more frequently depending on various market factors. As soon as practicable after the Firm receives the property in satisfaction of a debt (e.g., by taking legal title or physical possession), the Firm generally obtains an appraisal based on an inspection that includes the interior of the home interior appraisals ). Exterior opinions and interior appraisals are discounted based upon the Firm s experience with actual liquidation values as compared with the estimated values provided by exterior opinions and interior appraisals, considering state-specific factors. 
 For commercial real estate loans, collateral values are generally based on appraisals from internal and external valuation sources. Collateral values are typically updated every six to , either by obtaining a new appraisal or by performing an internal analysis, in accordance with the Firm s policies. The Firm also considers both borrower- and market-specific factors, which may result in obtaining appraisal updates or broker price opinions at more frequent intervals. 

Loans held-for-sale 
 Loans held-for-sale are measured at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in noninterest revenue. For consumer loans, the valuation is performed on a portfolio basis. For wholesale loans, the valuation is performed on an individual loan basis. 
 Interest income on loans held-for-sale is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest. 
 Loan origination fees or costs and purchase price discounts or premiums are deferred in a contra loan account until the related loan is sold. The deferred fees or costs and discounts or premiums are an adjustment to the basis of the loan and therefore are included in the periodic determination of the lower of cost or fair value adjustments and/or the gain or loss recognized at the time of sale. 
 Because these loans are recognized at the lower of cost or fair value, the Firm s allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans. However, loans held-for-sale are subject to the nonaccrual policies described above. 
 Loans at fair value 
 Loans for which the fair value option has been elected are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in noninterest revenue. 
 Interest income on these loans is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest. Changes in fair value are recognized in noninterest revenue. Loan origination fees are recognized upfront in noninterest revenue. Loan origination costs are recognized in the associated expense category as incurred. 
 Because these loans are recognized at fair value, the Firm s allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans. However, loans at fair value are subject to the nonaccrual policies described above. 
 Refer to Note 3 for further information on the Firm s elections of fair value accounting under the fair value option. Refer to Note 2 and Note 3 for further information on loans carried at fair value and classified as trading assets. 

226 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

and/or payments, and (ii) the Firm has an expectation that repayment of the modified loan is reasonably assured based on, for example, the borrower s debt capacity and level of future earnings, collateral values, LTV ratios, and other current market considerations. In certain limited and well-defined circumstances in which the loan is current at the modification date, such loans are not placed on nonaccrual status at the time of modification. 
 Loans modified in TDRs are generally measured for impairment using the Firm s established asset-specific allowance methodology, which considers the expected re-default rates for the modified loans. A loan modified in a TDR generally remains subject to the asset-specific component of the allowance throughout its remaining life, regardless of whether the loan is performing and has been returned to accrual status. Refer to Note 13 for further discussion of the methodology used to estimate the Firm s asset-specific allowance. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 227 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 portfolio segments, which are the same segments used by the Firm to determine the allowance for loan losses: Consumer, excluding credit card; Credit card; and Wholesale. Within each portfolio segment the Firm monitors and assesses the credit risk in the following classes of loans, based on the risk characteristics of each loan class. 
 Consumer, excluding 
 credit card 
 Credit card Wholesale (c)(d) 
 Residential real estate (a) 
 Auto and other (b) 
 
 Credit card loans Secured by real estate 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Other (e) 
 
 (a) Includes scored mortgage and home equity loans held in CCB and AWM, and scored mortgage loans held in CIB and Corporate. 
 (b) Includes scored auto and business banking loans and overdrafts. 
 (c) Includes loans held in CIB, CB, AWM, Corporate, as well as risk-rated BWM and auto dealer loans held in CCB, for which the wholesale methodology is applied when determining the allowance for loan losses. 
 (d) The wholesale portfolio segment's classes align with loan classifications as defined by the bank regulatory agencies, based on the loan's collateral, purpose, and type of borrower. 
 (e) Includes loans to financial institutions, states and political subdivisions, SPEs, nonprofits, personal investment companies and trusts, as well as loans to individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB ). Refer to Note 14 for more information on SPEs. 
 
 Held-for-sale At fair value Total December 31, 2021 Consumer, excluding credit card Credit card Wholesale Total (a)(b) 
 (in millions) Retained Held-for-sale At fair value Total 
 (a) Excludes billion and billion of accrued interest receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Firm wrote off accrued interest receivable of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Loans (other than those for which the fair value option has been elected) are presented net of unamortized discounts and premiums and net deferred loan fees or costs. These amounts were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (b)(c) 
 Sales Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale (a) 
 
 2021 Year ended December 31, (in millions) Consumer, excluding credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Purchases (b)(c) 
 Sales Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale (a) 
 
 228 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

(b)(c) 
 Sales Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale (a) 
 
 (a) Reclassifications of loans to held-for-sale are non-cash transactions. 
 (b) Predominantly includes purchases of residential real estate loans, including the Firm s voluntary repurchases of certain delinquent loans from loan pools as permitted by Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae guidelines for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Firm typically elects to repurchase these delinquent loans as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with applicable requirements of Ginnie Mae, FHA, RHS, and/or VA. 
 (c) Excludes purchases of retained loans of billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are predominantly sourced through the correspondent origination channel and underwritten in accordance with the Firm s standards. 
 The amount of purchases of retained loans at December 31, 2020 has been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 Gains and losses on sales of loans) million for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which ) million was related to loans. Net gains/(losses) on sales of loans and lending-related commitments was million for the year ended December 31, 2021 of which million was related to loans. Net losses on sales of loans was ) million for the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, the sale of loans may also result in write downs, recoveries or changes in the allowance recognized in the provision for credit losses. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 229 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Auto and other (a) 
 Total retained loans 
 million and billion of loans, respectively, in Business Banking under the PPP. 

Delinquency rates are the primary credit quality indicator for consumer loans. Loans that are more than days past due provide an early warning of borrowers who may be experiencing financial difficulties and/or who may be unable or unwilling to repay the loan. As the loan continues to age, it becomes more clear whether the borrower is likely to be unable or unwilling to pay. In the case of residential real estate loans, late-stage delinquencies (greater than 150 days past due) are a strong indicator of loans that will ultimately result in a foreclosure or similar liquidation transaction. In addition to delinquency rates, other credit quality indicators for consumer loans vary based on the class of loan, as follows: 
 For residential real estate loans, the current estimated LTV ratio, or the combined LTV ratio in the case of junior lien loans, is an indicator of the potential loss severity in the event of default. Additionally, LTV or combined LTV ratios can provide insight into a borrower s continued willingness to pay, as the delinquency rate of high-LTV loans tends to be greater than that for loans where the borrower has equity in the collateral. The geographic distribution of the loan collateral also provides insight as to the credit quality of the portfolio, as factors such as the regional economy, home price changes and specific events such as natural disasters, will affect credit quality. The borrower s current or refreshed FICO score is a secondary credit quality indicator for certain loans, as FICO scores are an indication of the borrower s credit payment history. Thus, a loan to a borrower with a low FICO score (less than 660) is considered to be of higher risk than a loan to a borrower with a higher FICO score. Further, a loan to a borrower with a high LTV ratio and a low FICO score is at greater risk of default than a loan to a borrower that has both a high LTV ratio and a high FICO score. 
 For scored auto and business banking loans, geographic distribution is an indicator of the credit performance of the portfolio. Similar to residential real estate loans, geographic distribution provides insights into the portfolio performance based on regional economic activity and events. 

230 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

30 149 days past due 150 or more days past due Total retained loans of 30+ days past due to total retained loans (c) 
 
 (in millions, except ratios) December 31, 2021 Term loans by origination year (d) 
 Revolving loans Total 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior to 2017 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans Loan delinquency (a)(b) 
 Current 30 149 days past due 150 or more days past due Total retained loans of 30+ days past due to total retained loans (c) 
 
 (a) Individual delinquency classifications include mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies which were not material at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans under payment deferral programs offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic which are still within their deferral period and performing according to their modified terms are generally not considered delinquent. 
 (c) Excludes mortgage loans that are 30 or more days past due insured by U.S. government agencies which were not material at December 31, 2022 and 2021. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. 
 (d) Purchased loans are included in the year in which they were originated. 
 
 Approximately of the total revolving loans are senior lien loans; the remaining balance are junior lien loans. The lien position the Firm holds is considered in the Firm s allowance for credit losses. Revolving loans that have been converted to term loans have higher delinquency rates than those that are still within the revolving period. That is primarily because the fully-amortizing payment that is generally required for those products is higher than the minimum payment options available for revolving loans within the revolving period. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 231 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Current estimated LTV ratios (f)(g)(h) 
 Greater than 125 and refreshed FICO scores: 
 Equal to or greater than 660 Less than 660 101 to 125 and refreshed FICO scores: 
 Equal to or greater than 660 Less than 660 80 to 100 and refreshed FICO scores: 
 Equal to or greater than 660 Less than 660 Less than 80 and refreshed FICO scores: 
 Equal to or greater than 660 Less than 660 No FICO/LTV available U.S. government-guaranteed 
 Total retained loans 
 Weighted average LTV ratio (f)(i) 
 Weighted average FICO (g)(i) 
 Geographic region (j) 
 California New York Florida Texas Illinois Colorado Washington New Jersey Massachusetts Connecticut All other Total retained loans 
 
 (a) Includes collateral-dependent residential real estate loans that are charged down to the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell. The Firm reports, in accordance with regulatory guidance, residential real estate loans that have been discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not reaffirmed by the borrower Chapter 7 loans as collateral-dependent nonaccrual TDRs, regardless of their delinquency status. At December 31, 2022, approximately of Chapter 7 residential real estate loans were 30 days or more past due. 
 (b) Nonaccrual loans exclude mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies which were not material at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (c) Generally, all consumer nonaccrual loans have an allowance. In accordance with regulatory guidance, certain nonaccrual loans that are considered collateral-dependent have been charged down to the lower of amortized cost or the fair value of their underlying collateral less costs to sell. If the value of the underlying collateral improves subsequent to charge down, the related allowance may be negative. 
 (d) Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (e) Generally excludes loans under payment deferral programs offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (f) Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated, at a minimum, quarterly, based on home valuation models using nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporating actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. Current estimated combined LTV for junior lien home equity loans considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. 
 (g) Refreshed FICO scores represent each borrower s most recent credit score, which is obtained by the Firm on at least a quarterly basis. 
 (h) Includes residential real estate loans, primarily held in LLCs in AWM that did not have a refreshed FICO score. These loans have been included in a FICO band based on management s estimation of the borrower s credit quality. 
 (i) Excludes loans with no FICO and/or LTV data available. 
 (j) The geographic regions presented in the table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at December 31, 2022. 
 
 232 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no additional commitments to lend to borrowers whose residential real estate loans have been modified in TDRs. 

Nature and extent of modifications 
 The Firm s proprietary modification programs as well as government programs, including U.S. GSE programs, generally provide various concessions to financially troubled borrowers including, but not limited to, interest rate reductions, term or payment extensions and delays of principal and/or interest payments that would otherwise have been required under the terms of the original agreement. 

Number of loans permanently modified 
 Concession granted: (a) 
 Interest rate reduction 
 Term or payment extension 
 Principal and/or interest deferred 
 Principal forgiveness 
 Other (b) 
 
 (a) Represents concessions granted in permanent modifications as a percentage of the number of loans permanently modified. The sum of the percentages exceeds because predominantly all of the modifications include more than one type of concession. Concessions offered on trial modifications are generally consistent with those granted on permanent modifications. 

Financial effects of modifications and redefaults 
 Weighted-average interest rate of loans with interest rate reductions after TDR 
 Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) of loans with term or payment extensions before TDR 
 Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) of loans with term or payment extensions after TDR 
 Charge-offs recognized upon permanent modification 
 Principal deferred 
 Principal forgiven 
 Balance of loans that redefaulted within one year of permanent modification (a) 
 
 (a) Represents loans permanently modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within of the modification. The dollar amounts presented represent the balance of such loans at the end of the reporting period in which such loans defaulted. For residential real estate loans modified in TDRs, payment default is deemed to occur when the loan becomes contractual payments past due. In the event that a modified loan redefaults, it will generally be liquidated through foreclosure or another similar type of liquidation transaction. Redefaults of loans modified within the last may not be representative of ultimate redefault levels. 
 At December 31, 2022, the weighted-average estimated remaining lives of residential real estate loans permanently modified in TDRs were . The estimated remaining lives of these loans reflect estimated prepayments, both voluntary and involuntary (i.e., foreclosures and other forced liquidations). 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 233 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 million and million, respectively, that were not included in REO, but were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure. 
 Auto and other 
 (b) 
 (b) 
 30 119 days past due 120 or more days past due Total retained loans of 30+ days past due to total retained loans (a) 
 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions, except ratios) Term loans by origination year Revolving loans 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior to 2017 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans Total Loan delinquency Current 
 (c) 
 (c) 
 30 119 days past due 120 or more days past due Total retained loans of 30+ days past due to total retained loans (a) 
 (d) 
 
 (a) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, auto and other loans excluded million and million, respectively, of PPP loans guaranteed by the SBA that are 30 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded based upon the SBA guarantee. 
 (b) Includes million of loans originated in 2021 and million of loans originated in 2020 in Business Banking under the PPP. PPP loans are guaranteed by the SBA. Other than in certain limited circumstances, the Firm typically does not recognize charge-offs, classify as nonaccrual nor record an allowance for loan losses on these loans. 
 (c) Includes billion of loans originated in 2021 and billion of loans originated in 2020 in Business Banking under the PPP. 
 (d) Prior-period amount has been revised to conform with the current presentation. 

234 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Geographic region (d) 
 California Texas Florida New York Illinois New Jersey Pennsylvania Georgia Ohio Louisiana All other Total retained loans 
 (a) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans excluded million and million, respectively, of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA, of which million and million, respectively, were no longer accruing interest based on the guidelines set by the SBA. Typically the principal balance of the loans is insured and interest is guaranteed at a specified reimbursement rate subject to meeting the guidelines set by the SBA. There were loans that were not guaranteed by the SBA that are 90 or more days past due and still accruing interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (b) Generally, all consumer nonaccrual loans have an allowance. In accordance with regulatory guidance, certain nonaccrual loans that are considered collateral-dependent have been charged down to the lower of amortized cost or the fair value of their underlying collateral less costs to sell. If the value of the underlying collateral improves subsequent to charge down, the related allowance may be negative. 
 (c) Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis was not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (d) The geographic regions presented in this table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at December 31, 2022. 

Loan modifications 
 Certain auto and other loan modifications are considered to be TDRs as they provide various concessions to borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. Loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that are not considered concessions are not TDRs. 
 The impact of these modifications, as well as new TDRs, were not material to the Firm for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Additional commitments to lend to borrowers whose loans have been modified in TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not material. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 235 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 30 89 days past due and still accruing 
 90 or more days past due and still accruing 
 Total retained loans Loan delinquency ratios of 30+ days past due to total retained loans 
 of 90+ days past due to total retained loans 

(in millions, except ratios) 
 December 31, 2021 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans (a) 
 Total Loan delinquency 
 Current and less than 30 days past due and still accruing 
 30 89 days past due and still accruing 
 90 or more days past due and still accruing 
 Total retained loans Loan delinquency ratios of 30+ days past due to total retained loans 
 of 90+ days past due to total retained loans 
 
 (a) Represents TDRs. 

236 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Texas New York Florida Illinois New Jersey Ohio Pennsylvania Colorado Arizona All other Total retained loans Percentage of portfolio based on carrying value with estimated refreshed FICO scores 
 Equal to or greater than 660 Less than 660 No FICO available 
 (a) The geographic regions presented in the table are ordered based on the magnitude of the corresponding loan balances at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loan modifications 
 The Firm may offer loan modification programs granting concessions to credit card borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. The Firm grants concessions for most of the credit card loans under long-term programs. These modifications involve placing the customer on a fixed payment plan, generally for months, and typically include reducing the interest rate on the credit card. Substantially all modifications under the Firm s long-term programs are considered to be TDRs. Loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that are not considered concessions are not TDRs. 
 If the cardholder does not comply with the modified payment terms, then the credit card loan continues to age and will ultimately be charged-off in accordance with the Firm s standard charge-off policy. In most cases, the Firm does not reinstate the borrower s line of credit. 

Financial effects of modifications and redefaults 
 of total retained credit card loans. 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except weighted-average data) 2022 2021 2020 Balance of new TDRs (a) 
 Weighted-average interest rate of loans before TDR Weighted-average interest rate of loans after TDR 
 Balance of loans that redefaulted within one year of modification (b) 
 
 (a) Represents the outstanding balance prior to modification. 
 (b) Represents loans modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within of the modification. The amounts presented represent the balance of such loans as of the end of the quarter in which they defaulted. 
 For credit card loans modified in TDRs, payment default is deemed to have occurred when the borrower misses consecutive contractual payments. Defaulted modified credit card loans remain in the modification program and continue to be charged off in accordance with the Firm s standard charge-off policy. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 237 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 238 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Noninvestment- grade: Noncriticized Criticized performing Criticized nonaccrual (a) 
 Total noninvestment- grade Total retained loans of investment-grade to total retained loans of total criticized to total retained loans of criticized nonaccrual to total retained loans 
 (a) At December 31, 2021 nonaccrual loans excluded million of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA, predominantly in commercial and industrial. At December 31, 2022 the amount excluded was material. 
 (b) Includes loans to financial institutions, states and political subdivisions, SPEs, nonprofits, personal investment companies and trusts, as well as loans to individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB ). Refer to Note 14 for more information on SPEs. 
 Secured by real estate (in millions) December 31, 2022 Term loans by origination year Revolving loans 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior to 2018 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans Total Loans by risk ratings 
 Investment-grade Noninvestment-grade Total retained loans 
 Secured by real estate (in millions) December 31, 2021 Term loans by origination year Revolving loans 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior to 2017 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans Total Loans by risk ratings Investment-grade Noninvestment-grade Total retained loans 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 239 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 (a) 
 Noninvestment-grade Total retained loans 
 
 Commercial and industrial (in millions) December 31, 2021 Term loans by origination year Revolving loans 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior to 2017 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans Total Loans by risk ratings Investment-grade (b) 
 Noninvestment-grade Total retained loans 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, million of the million total PPP loans in the wholesale portfolio were commercial and industrial. Of the million, million were originated in 2021, and million were originated in 2020. PPP loans are guaranteed by the SBA and considered investment-grade. Other than in certain limited circumstances, the Firm typically does not recognize charge-offs, classify as nonaccrual nor record an allowance for loan losses on these loans. 
 (b) At December 31, 2021 , billion of the billion total PPP loans in the wholesale portfolio were commercial and industrial. Of the billion, million were originated in 2021 and million were originated in 2020. 
 Other (a) 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 Term loans by origination year Revolving loans 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior to 2018 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans Total Loans by risk ratings 
 Investment-grade Noninvestment-grade Total retained loans 
 
 Other (a) 
 (in millions) December 31, 2021 Term loans by origination year Revolving loans 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior to 2017 Within the revolving period Converted to term loans Total Loans by risk ratings Investment-grade Noninvestment-grade Total retained loans 
 (a) Includes loans to financial institutions, states and political subdivisions, SPEs, nonprofits, personal investment companies and trusts, as well as loans to individuals and individual entities (predominantly Global Private Bank clients within AWM and J.P. Morgan Wealth Management within CCB ). Refer to Note 14 for more information on SPEs. 
 
 240 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of construction and development loans made to finance land development and on-site construction of commercial, industrial, residential, or farm buildings . 
 December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Multifamily Other Commercial Total retained loans secured by real estate 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Retained loans secured by real estate Criticized of criticized to total retained loans secured by real estate Criticized nonaccrual of criticized nonaccrual loans to total retained loans secured by real estate 
 Geographic distribution and delinquency 
 The following table provides information on the geographic distribution and delinquency for retained wholesale loans. 
 Secured by real estate Commercial and industrial Other Total retained loans December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Loans by geographic distribution (a) 
 Total U.S. Total non-U.S. Total retained loans 
 Loan delinquency Current and less than 30 days past due and still accruing 
 
 30 89 days past due and still accruing 90 or more days past due and still accruing (b) 
 Criticized nonaccrual (c) 
 Total retained loans 
 
 (a) The U.S. and non-U.S. distribution is determined based predominantly on the domicile of the borrower. 
 (b) Represents loans that are considered well-collateralized and therefore still accruing interest. 
 (c) At December 31, 2021 nonaccrual loans excluded million of PPP loans 90 or more days past due and guaranteed by the SBA, predominantly in commercial and industrial. At December 31, 2022 the amount excluded was material. 
 Nonaccrual loans 
 Without an allowance (a) 
 Total nonaccrual loans (b) 
 
 (a) When the discounted cash flows or collateral value equals or exceeds the amortized cost of the loan, the loan does not require an allowance. This typically occurs when the loans have been partially charged off and/or there have been interest payments received and applied to the loan balance. 
 (b) Interest income on nonaccrual loans recognized on a cash basis were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Loan modifications 
 Certain loan modifications are considered to be TDRs as they provide various concessions to borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. Loans with short-term or other insignificant modifications that are not considered concessions are not TDRs nor are loans for which the Firm has elected to suspend TDR accounting guidance under the option provided by the CARES Act. New TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. New TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflected the extension of maturity dates, covenant waivers, receipt of assets in partial satisfaction of the loan and deferral of principal and interest payments, predominantly in the Commercial and Industrial and Other loan classes. The impact of these modifications resulting in new TDRs was not material to the Firm for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The carrying value of TDRs was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 241 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 13 
 
 242 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 243 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (a) 
 NA NA NA NA Gross charge-offs 
 Gross recoveries collected ) ) ) ) Net charge-offs 
 Provision for loan losses Other 
 
 Ending balance at December 31, Allowance for lending-related commitments 
 Beginning balance at January 1, 
 Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (a) 
 NA NA NA NA Provision for lending-related commitments 
 ) Other 
 Ending balance at December 31, Total allowance for investment securities NA NA NA Total allowance for credit losses (b) 
 Allowance for loan losses by impairment methodology 
 Asset-specific (c) 
 ) Portfolio-based Total allowance for loan losses Loans by impairment methodology Asset-specific (c) 
 Portfolio-based Total retained loans Collateral-dependent loans Net charge-offs ) 
 ) Loans measured at fair value of collateral less cost to sell 
 Allowance for lending-related commitments by impairment methodology 
 Asset-specific 
 Portfolio-based Total allowance for lending-related commitments (d) 
 Lending-related commitments by impairment methodology 
 Asset-specific 
 Portfolio-based (e) 
 Total lending-related commitments 
 
 (a) Represents the impact to allowance for credit losses upon the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020. Refer to Note 1 for further information. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022 excludes an allowance for credit losses associated with certain accounts receivable in CIB of million. 
 (c) Includes collateral dependent loans, including those considered TDRs and those for which foreclosure is deemed probable, modified PCD loans and non-collateral dependent loans that have been modified or are reasonably expected to be modified in a TDR. Also includes risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status for the wholesale portfolio segment. The asset-specific credit card allowance for loans modified, or reasonably expected to be modified, in a TDR is calculated based on the loans original contractual interest rates and does not consider any incremental penalty rates. 
 (d) The allowance for lending-related commitments is reported in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (e) At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, lending-related commitments excluded billion, billion and billion, respectively, for the consumer, excluding credit card portfolio segment; billion, billion and billion, respectively, for the credit card portfolio segment; and billion, billion and billion, respectively, for the wholesale portfolio segment, which were not subject to the allowance for lending- 
 244 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

NA NA NA NA ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) NA NA NA NA ) ) ) ) ) ) NA NA NA NA NA NA ) ) ) 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 245 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 billion, reflecting a net addition of billion from December 31, 2021, consisting of: 
 billion in wholesale, driven by deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook and loan growth, predominantly in CB and CIB, and 
 billion in consumer, predominantly driven by Card Services, reflecting higher outstanding balances and deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance related to a decrease in uncertainty associated with borrower behavior as the effects of the pandemic gradually recede. 
 Deterioration in the Firm s macroeconomic outlook included both updates to the central scenario in the fourth quarter of 2022, which now reflects a mild recession, as well as the impact of the increased weight placed on the adverse scenarios beginning in the first quarter of 2022 due to the effects associated with higher inflation, changes in monetary policy, and geopolitical risks, including the war in Ukraine. 
 The Firm's allowance for credit losses is estimated using a weighted average of five internally developed macroeconomic scenarios. The adverse scenarios incorporate more punitive macroeconomic factors than the central case assumptions provided in the table below, resulting in a weighted average U.S. unemployment rate peaking at 5.6 in the second quarter of 2024, and a 1.2 lower U.S. real GDP exiting the second quarter of 2024. 

Subsequent changes to this forecast and related estimates 
 will be reflected in the provision for credit losses in future 
 periods. 
 Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on pages 149-152 for further information on the allowance for credit losses and related management judgments. 
 Refer to Consumer Credit Portfolio on pages 110-115, Wholesale Credit Portfolio on pages 116-126 for additional information on the consumer and wholesale credit portfolios. 

246 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 14 
 The Firm s other business segments are also involved with VIEs (both third-party and Firm-sponsored), but to a lesser extent, as follows: 
 Asset Wealth Management: AWM sponsors and manages certain funds that are deemed VIEs. As asset manager of the funds, AWM earns a fee based on assets managed; the fee varies with each fund s investment objective and is competitively priced. For fund entities that qualify as VIEs, AWM s interests are, in certain cases, considered to be significant variable interests that result in consolidation of the financial results of these entities. 
 Commercial Banking: CB provides financing and lending-related services to a wide spectrum of clients, including certain third-party-sponsored entities that may meet the definition of a VIE. CB does not control the activities of these entities and does not consolidate these entities. CB s maximum loss exposure, regardless of whether the entity is a VIE, is generally limited to loans and lending-related commitments which are reported and disclosed in the same manner as any other third-party transaction. 
 Corporate : Corporate is involved with entities that may meet the definition of VIEs; however these entities are generally subject to specialized investment company accounting, which does not require the consolidation of investments, including VIEs. In addition, Treasury and CIO invest in securities generally issued by third parties which may meet the definition of VIEs (e.g., issuers of asset-backed securities). In general, the Firm does not have the power to direct the significant activities of these entities and therefore does not consolidate these entities. Refer to Note 10 for further information on the Firm s investment securities portfolio. 
 In addition, CIB also invests in and provides financing and other services to VIEs sponsored by third parties. Refer to pages 251-252 of this Note for more information on consolidated VIE assets and liabilities as well as the VIEs sponsored by third parties. 
 Significant Firm-sponsored variable interest entities 
 Credit card securitizations 
 CCB s Card Services business may securitize originated credit card loans, primarily through the Chase Issuance Trust (the Trust ). The Firm s continuing involvement in credit card securitizations includes servicing the receivables, retaining an undivided seller s interest in the receivables, retaining certain senior and subordinated securities and maintaining escrow accounts. 
 The Firm consolidates the assets and liabilities of its sponsored credit card trusts as it is considered to be the primary beneficiary of these securitization trusts based on the Firm s ability to direct the activities of these VIEs through its servicing responsibilities and other duties, including making decisions as to the receivables that are transferred into those trusts and as to any related modifications and workouts. Additionally, the nature and extent of the Firm s other continuing involvement with the 

trusts, as indicated above, obligates the Firm to absorb losses and gives the Firm the right to receive certain benefits from these VIEs that could potentially be significant. 
 The underlying securitized credit card receivables and other assets of the securitization trusts are available only for payment of the beneficial interests issued by the securitization trusts; they are not available to pay the Firm s other obligations or the claims of the Firm s creditors. 
 The agreements with the credit card securitization trusts require the Firm to maintain a minimum undivided interest in the credit card trusts (generally ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Firm held undivided interests in Firm-sponsored credit card securitization trusts of billion and billion, respectively. The Firm maintained an average undivided interest in principal 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 247 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Firm did t retain any senior securities and retained billion of subordinated securities in certain of its credit card securitization trusts at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Firm s undivided interests in the credit card trusts and securities retained are eliminated in consolidation. 

Firm-sponsored mortgage and other securitization trusts 
 The Firm securitizes (or has securitized) originated and purchased residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and other consumer loans primarily in its CCB and CIB businesses. Depending on the particular transaction, as well as the respective business involved, the Firm may act as the servicer of the loans and/or retain certain beneficial interests in the securitization trusts. 

Subprime Commercial and other (b) 
 Total 
 Principal amount outstanding JPMorgan Chase interest in securitized assets in nonconsolidated VIEs (c)(d)(e) 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Total assets held by securitization VIEs Assets held in consolidated securitization VIEs Assets held in nonconsolidated securitization VIEs with continuing involvement Trading assets Investment securities Other financial assets Total interests held by JPMorgan Chase Securitization-related (a) 
 Residential mortgage: Prime/Alt-A and option ARMs (f) 
 Subprime Commercial and other (b) 
 Total 
 (a) Excludes U.S. GSEs and government agency securitizations and re-securitizations, which are not Firm-sponsored. 
 (b) Consists of securities backed by commercial real estate loans and non-mortgage-related consumer receivables. 
 (c) Excludes the following: retained servicing; securities retained from loan sales and securitization activity related to U.S. GSEs and government agencies; interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives primarily used to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risks of securitization entities; senior securities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,respectively, and subordinated securities which were not material at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, which the Firm purchased in connection with CIB s secondary market-making activities. 
 (d) Includes interests held in re-securitization transactions. 
 (e) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of the Firm s retained securitization interests, which are predominantly carried at fair value and include amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules, were risk-rated A or better, on an S P-equivalent basis. The retained interests in prime residential mortgages consisted of billion and billion of investment-grade retained interests at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million of noninvestment-grade retained interests at December 31, 2021; noninvestment-grade retained interests were material at December 31, 2022. The retained interests in commercial and other securitization trusts consisted of billion and billion of investment-grade retained interests, and billion and million of noninvestment-grade retained interests at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (f) Prior-period amount has been revised to conform with the current presentation. 

248 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Most re-securitizations with which the Firm is involved are client-driven transactions in which a specific client or group of clients is seeking a specific return or risk profile. For these transactions, the Firm has concluded that the decision-making power of the entity is shared between the Firm and its clients, considering the joint effort and decisions in establishing the re-securitization trust and its assets, as well as the significant economic interest the client holds in the re-securitization trust; therefore the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE. 
 The Firm did t transfer any private label securities to re-securitization VIEs during 2022, 2021 and 2020, and retained interests in any such Firm-sponsored VIEs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not material. 
 Additionally, the Firm may invest in beneficial interests of third-party-sponsored re-securitizations and generally purchases these interests in the secondary market. In these circumstances, the Firm does not have the unilateral ability to direct the most significant activities of the re-securitization trust, either because it was not involved in the initial design of the trust, or the Firm was involved with an independent third-party sponsor and demonstrated shared power over the creation of the trust; therefore, the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 249 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Firm did not consolidate any U.S. GSE and government agency re-securitization VIEs or any Firm-sponsored private-label re-securitization VIEs. 
 Multi-seller conduits 
 Multi-seller conduit entities are separate bankruptcy remote entities that provide secured financing, collateralized by pools of receivables and other financial assets, to customers of the Firm. The conduits fund their financing facilities through the issuance of highly rated commercial paper. The primary source of repayment of the commercial paper is the cash flows from the pools of assets. In most instances, the assets are structured with deal-specific credit enhancements provided to the conduits by the customers (i.e., sellers) or other third parties. Deal-specific credit enhancements are generally structured to cover a multiple of historical losses expected on the pool of assets, and are typically in the form of overcollateralization provided by the seller. The deal-specific credit enhancements mitigate the Firm s potential losses on its agreements with the conduits. 
 To ensure timely repayment of the commercial paper, and to provide the conduits with funding to provide financing to customers in the event that the conduits do not obtain funding in the commercial paper market, each asset pool financed by the conduits has a minimum 100 deal-specific liquidity facility associated with it provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. also provides the multi-seller conduit vehicles with uncommitted program-wide liquidity facilities and program-wide credit enhancement in the form of standby letters of credit. The amount of program-wide credit enhancement required is based upon commercial paper issuance and approximates of the outstanding balance of commercial paper. 
 The Firm consolidates its Firm-administered multi-seller conduits, as the Firm has both the power to direct the significant activities of the conduits and a potentially significant economic interest in the conduits. As administrative agent and in its role in structuring transactions, the Firm makes decisions regarding asset types and credit quality, and manages the commercial paper funding needs of the conduits. The Firm s interests that could potentially be significant to the VIEs include the fees received as administrative agent and liquidity and program-wide credit enhancement provider, as well as the potential exposure created by the liquidity and credit enhancement facilities provided to the conduits. 

In the normal course of business, JPMorgan Chase makes markets in and invests in commercial paper issued by the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits. The Firm held billion and billion of the commercial paper issued by the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which have been eliminated in consolidation. The Firm s investments reflect the Firm s funding needs and capacity and were not driven by market illiquidity. Other than the amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules, the Firm is not obligated under any agreement to purchase the commercial paper issued by the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits. 
 Deal-specific liquidity facilities, program-wide liquidity and credit enhancement provided by the Firm have been eliminated in consolidation. The Firm or the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits provide lending-related commitments to certain clients of the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits. The unfunded commitments were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are reported as off-balance sheet lending-related commitments in other unfunded commitments to extend credit. Refer to Note 28 for more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. 
 Municipal bond vehicles 
 Municipal bond vehicles or tender option bond TOB trusts allow institutions to finance their municipal bond investments at short-term rates. In a typical TOB transaction, the trust purchases highly rated municipal bond(s) of a single issuer and funds the purchase by issuing two types of securities: (1) puttable floating-rate certificates floaters and (2) inverse floating-rate residual interests residuals ). The floaters are typically purchased by money market funds or other short-term investors and may be tendered, with requisite notice, to the TOB trust. The residuals are retained by the investor seeking to finance its municipal bond investment. TOB transactions where the residual is held by a third-party investor are typically known as customer TOB trusts, and non-customer TOB trusts are transactions where the Residual is retained by the Firm. Customer TOB trusts are sponsored by a third party. The Firm serves as sponsor for all non-customer TOB transactions. The Firm may provide various services to a TOB trust, including remarketing agent, liquidity or tender option provider, and/or sponsor. 
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC may serve as a remarketing agent on the floaters for TOB trusts. The remarketing agent is responsible for establishing the periodic variable rate on the floaters, conducting the initial placement and remarketing tendered floaters. The remarketing agent may, but is not obligated to, make markets in floaters. Floaters held by the Firm were not material during 2022 and 2021. 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC often serves as the sole liquidity or tender option provider for the TOB trusts. The liquidity provider s obligation to perform is conditional and is limited by certain events 

250 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Firm-administered multi-seller conduits Municipal bond vehicles Mortgage securitization entities (a) 
 Other (b) 
 Total Assets Liabilities December 31, 2021 (in millions) Trading assets Loans Other (c) 
 Total 
 assets (d) 
 Beneficial interests in 
 VIE assets (e) 
 Other (f) 
 Total liabilities VIE program type Firm-sponsored credit card trusts Firm-administered multi-seller conduits Municipal bond vehicles Mortgage securitization entities (a) 
 Other (b) 
 Total 
 (a) Includes residential mortgage securitizations. 
 (b) Primarily includes purchased supply chain finance receivables and purchased auto loan securitizations in CIB. 
 (c) Includes assets classified as cash and other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 (d) The assets of the consolidated VIEs included in the program types above are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The assets and liabilities include third-party assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. 
 (e) The interest-bearing beneficial interest liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are classified in the line item on the Consolidated balance sheets titled, Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs . The holders of these beneficial interests generally do not have recourse to the general credit of JPMorgan Chase. Included in beneficial interests in VIE assets are long-term beneficial interests of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (f) Includes liabilities classified as accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 251 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 billion and billion, of which billion and billion was unfunded at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Firm assesses each project and to reduce the risk of loss, may withhold varying amounts of its capital investment until the project qualifies for tax credits. Refer to Note 25 for further information on affordable housing tax credits and Note 28 for more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. 
 Customer municipal bond vehicles (TOB trusts) 
 The Firm may provide various services to customer TOB trusts, including remarketing agent, liquidity or tender option provider. In certain customer TOB transactions, the Firm, as liquidity provider, has entered into a reimbursement agreement with the Residual holder. In those transactions, upon the termination of the vehicle, the Firm has recourse to the third-party Residual holders for any shortfall. The Firm does not have any intent to protect Residual holders from potential losses on any of the underlying municipal bonds. The Firm does not consolidate customer TOB trusts, since the Firm does not have the power to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle. 
 The Firm s maximum exposure as a liquidity provider to customer TOB trusts at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was billion and billion, respectively. The fair value of assets held by such VIEs at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was billion and billion respectively. 

Loan securitizations 

252 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

All cash flows during the period: (a) 
 Proceeds received from loan sales as financial instruments (b)(c) 
 Servicing fees collected Cash flows received on interests 
 
 (a) Excludes re-securitization transactions. 
 (b) Predominantly includes Level 2 assets. 
 (c) The carrying value of the loans accounted for at fair value approximated the proceeds received upon loan sale. 
 (d) Represents prime mortgages. Excludes loan securitization activity related to U.S. GSEs and government agencies. 
 (e) Includes commercial mortgage and other consumer loans. 
 Weighted-average discount rate Commercial mortgage retained interest: Weighted-average life (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 

Loans and excess MSRs sold to U.S. government-sponsored enterprises and loans in securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines 
 In addition to the amounts reported in the securitization activity tables above, the Firm, in the normal course of business, sells originated and purchased mortgage loans and certain originated excess MSRs on a nonrecourse basis, predominantly to U.S. GSEs. These loans and excess MSRs are sold primarily for the purpose of securitization by the U.S. GSEs, who provide certain guarantee provisions (e.g., credit enhancement of the loans). The Firm also sells loans into securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines; these loans are typically insured or guaranteed by another U.S. government agency. The Firm does not consolidate the securitization vehicles underlying these transactions as it is not the primary beneficiary. For a limited number of loan sales, the Firm is obligated to share a portion of the credit risk associated with the sold loans with the purchaser. Refer to Note 28 for additional information about the Firm s loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications and Note 15 for additional information about the impact of the Firm s sale of certain excess MSRs. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 253 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Proceeds received from loan sales as cash 
 Proceeds from loan sales as securities (a)(b) 
 Total proceeds received from loan sales (c) 
 Gains/(losses) on loan sales (d)(e) 
 ) 
 (a) Includes securities from U.S. GSEs and Ginnie Mae that are generally sold shortly after receipt or retained as part of the Firm s investment securities portfolio. 
 (b) Included in level 2 assets. 
 (c) Excludes the value of MSRs retained upon the sale of loans. 
 (d) Gains/(losses) on loan sales include the value of MSRs. 
 (e) The carrying value of the loans accounted for at fair value approximated the proceeds received upon loan sale. 
 Options to repurchase delinquent loans 
 In addition to the Firm s obligation to repurchase certain loans due to material breaches of representations and warranties as discussed in Note 28, the Firm also has the option to repurchase delinquent loans that it services for Ginnie Mae loan pools, as well as for other U.S. government agencies under certain arrangements. The Firm typically 

elects to repurchase delinquent loans from Ginnie Mae loan pools as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with the applicable requirements, and such loans continue to be insured or guaranteed. When the Firm s repurchase option becomes exercisable, such loans must be reported on the Consolidated balance sheets as a loan with a corresponding liability. Refer to Note 12 for additional information. 
 Real estate owned 
 Foreclosed government-guaranteed residential mortgage loans (b) 
 
 (a) Predominantly all of these amounts relate to loans that have been repurchased from Ginnie Mae loan pools. 
 (b) Relates to voluntary repurchases of loans, which are included in accrued interest and accounts receivable. 

Loan delinquencies and liquidation losses 
 (a) 
 (a) 
 ) (a) 
 Subprime ) Commercial and other Total loans securitized 
 (a) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 254 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 15 

Corporate Investment Bank Commercial Banking Asset Wealth Management Corporate (a) 
 Total goodwill 
 (a) For goodwill in Corporate acquired in the third quarter of 2021, the Firm elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment, as permitted under U.S. GAAP. 
 The following table presents changes in the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of period Changes during the period from: 
 Business combinations (a) 
 (c) 
 Other (b) 
 ) ) (c) 
 Balance at December 31, 
 (a) For 2022, represents estimated goodwill associated with the acquisitions of Global Shares PLC in AWM, Frosch Travel Group, LLC and Figg, Inc. in CCB, and Renovite Technologies, Inc. and Volkswagen Payments S.A. in CIB. For 2021, represents goodwill associated with the acquisitions of Nutmeg in Corporate, OpenInvest and Campbell Global in AWM, and Frank and The Infatuation in CCB. For 2020, represents goodwill associated with the acquisitions of cxLoyalty in CCB and 55ip in AWM. 
 (b) Predominantly foreign currency adjustments. 
 (c) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 Goodwill impairment testing 
 The Firm s goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 The goodwill impairment test is generally performed by comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, then the reporting unit s goodwill is considered not to be impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, then an impairment charge is recognized 

for the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 The Firm uses the reporting units allocated capital plus goodwill and other intangible assets as a proxy for the carrying values of equity for the reporting units in the goodwill impairment testing. Reporting unit equity is determined on a similar basis as the allocation of capital to the LOBs which takes into consideration a variety of factors including capital levels of similarly rated peers and applicable regulatory capital requirements. Proposed LOB capital levels are incorporated into the Firm s annual budget process, which is reviewed by the Firm s Board of Directors and Operating Committee. Allocated capital is further reviewed at least annually and updated as needed. 
 The primary method the Firm uses to estimate the fair value of its reporting units is the income approach. This approach projects cash flows for the forecast period and uses the perpetuity growth method to calculate terminal values. These cash flows and terminal values, which are based on the reporting units annual budgets and forecasts are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate. The discount rate used for each reporting unit represents an estimate of the cost of equity for that reporting unit and is determined considering the Firm s overall estimated cost of equity (estimated using the Capital Asset Pricing Model), as adjusted for the risk characteristics specific to each reporting unit (for example, for higher levels of risk or uncertainty associated with the business or management s forecasts and assumptions). To assess the reasonableness of the discount rates used for each reporting unit, management compares the discount rate to the estimated cost of equity for publicly traded institutions with similar businesses and risk characteristics. In addition, the weighted average cost of equity (aggregating the various reporting units) is compared with the Firm s overall estimated cost of equity to ensure reasonableness. The valuations derived from the discounted cash flow analysis are then compared with market-based trading and transaction multiples for relevant competitors. Trading and transaction comparables are used as general indicators to assess the overall reasonableness of the estimated fair values, although precise conclusions generally cannot be drawn due to the differences that naturally exist between the Firm s businesses and competitor institutions. 
 The Firm also takes into consideration a comparison between the aggregate fair values of the Firm s reporting units and JPMorgan Chase s market capitalization. In evaluating this comparison, the Firm considers several factors, including (i) a control premium that would exist in a market transaction, (ii) factors related to the level of execution risk that would exist at the Firmwide level that do not exist at the reporting unit level and (iii) short-term market volatility and other factors that do not directly affect the value of individual reporting units. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 255 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

256 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

MSR activity: Originations of MSRs Purchase of MSRs Disposition of MSRs (a) 
 ) ) ) Net additions/(dispositions) Changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows 
 ) ) ) Changes in valuation due to inputs and assumptions: Changes due to market interest rates and other (b) 
 ) Changes in valuation due to other inputs and assumptions: Projected cash flows (e.g., cost to service) 
 ) Discount rates 
 Prepayment model changes and other (c) 
 ) ) Total changes in valuation due to other inputs and assumptions ) Total changes in valuation due to inputs and assumptions ) Fair value at December 31, Change in unrealized gains/(losses) included in income related to MSRs held at December 31, 
 ) Third-party mortgage loans serviced at December 31, (in billions) Servicer advances, net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts, at December 31, (in billions) (d) 
 
 (a) Includes excess MSRs transferred to agency-sponsored trusts in exchange for stripped mortgage backed securities SMBS for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. In each transaction, a portion of the SMBS was acquired by third parties at the transaction date; the Firm acquired the remaining balance of those SMBS as trading securities. 
 (b) Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments. 
 (c) Represents changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates. 
 (d) Represents amounts the Firm pays as the servicer (e.g., scheduled principal and interest, taxes and insurance), which will generally be reimbursed within a short period of time after the advance from future cash flows from the trust or the underlying loans. The Firm s credit risk associated with these servicer advances is minimal because reimbursement of the advances is typically senior to all cash payments to investors. In addition, the Firm maintains the right to stop payment to investors if the collateral is insufficient to cover the advance. However, certain of these servicer advances may not be recoverable if they were not made in accordance with applicable rules and agreements. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 257 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Net mortgage servicing revenue: Operating revenue: Loan servicing revenue Changes in MSR asset fair value due to collection/realization of expected cash flows 
 ) ) ) Total operating revenue Risk management: Changes in MSR asset fair value due to market interest rates and other (a) 
 ) Other changes in MSR asset fair value due to other inputs and assumptions in model (b) 
 ) Change in derivative fair value and other 
 ) ) Total risk management ) ) Total net mortgage servicing revenue ) Total CCB mortgage fees and related income All other Mortgage fees and related income 
 
 (a) Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments. 
 (b) Represents the aggregate impact of changes in model inputs and assumptions such as projected cash flows (e.g., cost to service), discount rates and changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates (e.g., changes in prepayments due to changes in home prices). 

Changes in fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be easily extrapolated, because the relationship of the change in the assumptions to the change in fair value are often highly interrelated and may not be linear. In the following table, the effect that a change in a particular assumption may have on the fair value is calculated without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which would either magnify or counteract the impact of the initial change. 
 Impact on fair value of 10 adverse change 
 ) ) Impact on fair value of 20 adverse change 
 ) ) Weighted-average option adjusted spread (a) 
 Impact on fair value of 100 basis points adverse change 
 ) ) Impact on fair value of 200 basis points adverse change 
 ) ) 
 (a) Includes the impact of operational risk and regulatory capital. 

258 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 16 

Note 17 
 and at fair value) (a) 
 (b) Interest-bearing (included and at fair value) (a) 
 (b) Total deposits in U.S. offices Non-U.S. offices Noninterest-bearing (included and at fair value) (a) 
 Interest-bearing (included and at fair value) (a) 
 Total deposits in non-U.S. offices Total deposits 
 (a) Includes structured notes classified as deposits for which the fair value option has been elected. Refer to Note 3 for further discussion. 
 (b) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 Non-U.S. offices (a) 
 Total 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 5 years Total 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 259 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 18 - 
 years or less, determined based on the contractual maturity of the lease, and include periods covered by options to extend or terminate the lease when the Firm is reasonably certain that it will exercise those options. All leases with lease terms greater than twelve months are reported as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use ROU asset. None of these lease agreements impose restrictions on the Firm s ability to pay dividends, engage in debt or equity financing transactions or enter into further lease agreements. Certain of these leases contain escalation clauses that will increase rental payments based on maintenance, utility and tax increases, which are non-lease components. The Firm elected not to separate lease and non-lease components of a contract for its real estate leases. As such, real estate lease payments represent payments on both lease and non-lease components. 
 Operating lease liabilities and ROU assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that estimates the Firm s collateralized borrowing rate for financing instruments of a similar term and are included in accounts payable and other liabilities. The operating lease ROU asset, included in premises and equipment, also includes any lease prepayments made, plus initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives received. Rental expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and generally included in occupancy expense in the Consolidated statements of income. 

Lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities - operating cash flows Supplemental non-cash information Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Rental expense Gross rental expense Sublease rental income ) ) Net rental expense 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total 
 In addition to the table above, as of December 31, 2022, the Firm had additional future operating lease commitments of million that were signed but had not yet commenced. These operating leases will commence between 2023 and 2026 with lease terms up to years. 

260 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Accumulated depreciation 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total future minimum lease receipts 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 261 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 19 
 Other payables and liabilities (a) 
 Total accounts payable and other liabilities 
 
 (a) Includes credit card rewards liability of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 262 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 20 
 
 Variable rate Interest rates (e) 
 Subordinated debt: Fixed rate Variable rate Interest rates (e) 
 Subtotal Subsidiaries Federal Home Loan Banks advances: 
 Fixed rate Variable rate Interest rates (e) 
 Senior debt: Fixed rate Variable rate Interest rates (e) 
 Subordinated debt: Fixed rate Variable rate Interest rates (e) 
 Subtotal Junior subordinated debt: Fixed rate Variable rate Interest rates (e) 
 Subtotal Total long-term debt (a)(b)(c) 
 (f)(g) 
 Long-term beneficial interests: 
 Fixed rate Variable rate Interest rates (e) 
 Total long-term beneficial interests (d) 
 
 (a) Included long-term debt of billion and billion secured by assets totaling billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of long-term debt secured by assets does not include amounts related to hybrid instruments. 
 (b) Included billion and billion of long-term debt accounted for at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (c) Included billion and billion of outstanding zero-coupon notes at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The aggregate principal amount of these notes at their respective maturities is billion and billion, respectively. The aggregate principal amount reflects the contractual principal payment at maturity, which may exceed the contractual principal payment at the Firm s next call date, if applicable. 
 (d) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs. Also included million and million accounted for at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Excluded short-term commercial paper and other short-term beneficial interests of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (e) The interest rates shown are the weighted average of contractual rates in effect at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including non-U.S. dollar fixed- and variable-rate issuances, which excludes the effects of the associated derivative instruments used in hedge accounting relationships, if applicable. The interest rates shown exclude structured notes accounted for at fair value. 
 (f) At December 31, 2022, long-term debt in the aggregate of billion was redeemable at the option of JPMorgan Chase, in whole or in part, prior to maturity, based on the terms specified in the respective instruments. 
 (g) The aggregate carrying values of debt that matures in each of the five years subsequent to 2022 is billion in 2023, billion in 2024, billion in 2025, billion in 2026 and billion in 2027. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 263 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In order to modify exposure to interest rate and currency exchange rate movements, JPMorgan Chase utilizes derivative instruments, primarily interest rate and cross-currency interest rate swaps, in conjunction with some of its debt issuances. The use of these instruments modifies the Firm s interest expense on the associated debt. The modified weighted-average interest rates for total long-term debt, including the effects of related derivative instruments, were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. has guaranteed certain long-term debt of its subsidiaries, including structured notes. These guarantees rank on parity with the Firm s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The amount of such guaranteed long-term debt and structured notes was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Firm s unsecured debt does not contain requirements that would call for an acceleration of payments, maturities or changes in the structure of the existing debt, provide any limitations on future borrowings or require additional collateral, based on unfavorable changes in the Firm s credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings or stock price. 

264 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 21 
 million shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, with a par value of per share. In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Firm, JPMorgan Chase s preferred stock then outstanding takes precedence over the Firm s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets. 
 NA Series AA 
 NA Series BB 
 NA Series DD 
 NA Series EE 
 NA Series GG 
 NA (e) 
 Series JJ NA NA (e) 
 Series LL NA NA (e) 
 Series MM NA NA (e) 
 Fixed-to-floating-rate: 
 Series I 
 LIBOR + 
 Series Q 
 LIBOR + 
 Series R 
 LIBOR + 
 Series S LIBOR + 
 Series U 
 LIBOR + 
 Series V LIBOR + 
 Series X 
 LIBOR + 
 Series Z 
 LIBOR + 
 
 Series CC 
 LIBOR + 
 LIBOR + 
 (f) 
 Series FF 
 SOFR + 
 Series HH SOFR + 
 (e) 
 Series II SOFR + 
 (e) 
 Series KK CMT + 
 NA (e) 
 Total preferred stock 
 (a) Represented by depositary shares. 
 (b) Fixed-to-floating rate notes convert to a floating rate at the earliest redemption date. 
 (c) Floating annualized rate includes three-month LIBOR, three-month term SOFR or five-year Constant Maturity Treasury ("CMT") rate, as applicable, plus the spreads noted above. 
 (d) Dividends on preferred stock are discretionary and non-cumulative. When declared, dividends are declared quarterly. Dividends are payable quarterly on fixed-rate preferred stock. Dividends are payable semiannually on fixed-to-floating-rate preferred stock while at a fixed rate, and payable quarterly after converting to a floating rate. 
 (e) The initial dividend declared is prorated based on the number of days outstanding for the period. Dividends were declared quarterly thereafter at the contractual rate. 
 (f) The dividend rate for Series CC preferred stock became floating and payable quarterly starting on November 1, 2022; prior to which the dividend rate was fixed at or per share payable semiannually. 
 Each series of preferred stock has a liquidation value and redemption price per share of , plus accrued but unpaid dividends. The aggregate liquidation value was billion at December 31, 2022. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 265 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 billion of its fixed to floating rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series I. 
 On October 3, 2022, the Firm redeemed all billion of its fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, Series V. 
 On February 1, 2022, the Firm redeemed all billion of its fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, Series Z. 
 On June 1, 2021, the Firm redeemed all billion of its non-cumulative preferred stock, Series AA and all billion of its non-cumulative preferred stock, Series BB. 
 Redemption rights 
 Each series of the Firm s preferred stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after the earliest redemption date for that series. All outstanding preferred stock series may also be redeemed following a capital treatment event, as described in the terms of each series. Any redemption of the Firm s preferred stock is subject to non-objection from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). 
 266 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 22 
 billion shares of common stock with a par value of per share. 
 Treasury balance at January 1 ) ) ) Repurchase ) ) ) Reissuance: Employee benefits and compensation plans 
 Employee stock purchase plans 
 Total reissuance Total treasury balance at December 31 
 ) ) ) Outstanding at December 31 
 Effective May 1, 2022, the Firm is authorized to purchase up to billion of common shares under its common share repurchase program, which superseded the previously approved repurchase program under which the Firm was authorized to purchase up to billion of common shares. In the second half of 2022, as a result of the expected increases in regulatory capital requirements, the Firm temporarily suspended share repurchases. In the first quarter of 2023, the Firm resumed repurchasing shares under its common share repurchase program. 

Aggregate purchase price of common stock repurchases 
 (a) As directed by the Federal Reserve, total net repurchases and common stock dividends in the first and second quarter of 2021 were restricted and could not exceed the average of the Firm s net income for the four preceding calendar quarters. Effective July 1, 2021, the Firm became subject to the normal capital distribution restrictions provided under the regulatory capital framework. 
 
 The Board of Directors authorization to repurchase common shares is utilized at management s discretion, and the timing of purchases and the exact amount of common shares that may be repurchased is subject to various factors, including market conditions; legal and regulatory considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); internal capital generation; and alternative investment opportunities. The billion common share repurchase program approved by the Board does not establish specific price targets or timetables. The repurchase program may be suspended by management at any time; and may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or utilizing Rule 10b5-1 plans, which are written trading plans that the Firm may enter into from time to time under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and which allow the Firm to repurchase its common shares during periods when it may otherwise not be repurchasing common shares for example, during internal trading blackout periods. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under various employee incentive, compensation, option and stock purchase plans, and directors compensation plans. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 267 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 23 
 Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income applicable to common equity 
 Less: Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities 
 Net income applicable to common stockholders 
 Total weighted-average basic shares outstanding 
 Net income per share Diluted earnings per share Net income applicable to common stockholders 
 Total weighted-average basic shares outstanding 
 Add: Dilutive impact of SARs and employee stock options, unvested PSUs and nondividend-earning RSUs Total weighted-average diluted shares outstanding 
 Net income per share 

268 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 24 
 
 ) ) ) ) Net change ) Balance at December 31, 2020 (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (a) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) (a) 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Includes after-tax net unamortized unrealized gains/(losses) of ) billion, billion, and billion related to AFS securities that have been transferred to HTM for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Refer to Note 10 for further information.) ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains)/losses included in net income (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) Translation adjustments (b) 
 Translation ) ) ) ) ) Hedges ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value hedges, net change (c) 
 ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges Net unrealized gains/(losses) arising during the period 
 ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains)/losses included in net income (d) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans, net change (e) 
 ) ) ) ) DVA on fair value option elected liabilities, net change ) ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) The pre-tax amount is reported in Investment securities gains/(losses) in the Consolidated statements of income. 
 (b) Reclassifications of pre-tax realized gains/(losses) on translation adjustments and related hedges are reported in other income/expense in the Consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Firm reclassified a net pre-tax loss of million to other expense and other revenue related to the liquidation of certain legal entities, million related to the net investment hedge gains and million loss related to cumulative translation adjustment. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Firm reclassified a net pre-tax loss of million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Firm reclassified net pre-tax gain of million. 
 (c) Represents changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads, which are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income. The initial cost of cross-currency basis spreads is recognized in earnings as part of the accrual of interest on the cross-currency swap. 
 (d) The pre-tax amounts are primarily recorded in noninterest revenue, net interest income and compensation expense in the Consolidated statements of income. 
 (e) During the year ended December 31, 2022, a remeasurement of the Firm s U.S. principal defined benefit plan in the third quarter, was required as a result of a pension settlement. The remeasurement resulted in a net decrease of billion in pre-tax AOCI. Refer to Note 8 for further information. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 269 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 25 
 
 Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of the Firm s businesses, and from conducting business and being taxed in a substantial number of jurisdictions, significant judgments and estimates are required to be made. Agreement of tax liabilities between JPMorgan Chase and the many tax jurisdictions in which the Firm files tax returns may not be finalized for several years. Thus, the Firm s final tax-related assets and liabilities may ultimately be different from those currently reported. 
 
 Increase/(decrease) in tax rate resulting from: 
 U.S. state and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax benefit 
 Tax-exempt income 
 ) ) ) Non-U.S. earnings 
 Business tax credits 
 ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) Effective tax rate 

Non-U.S. U.S. state and local Total current income tax expense/(benefit) 
 Deferred income tax expense/(benefit) 
 U.S. federal ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) U.S. state and local ) ) Total deferred income tax expense/(benefit) 
 ) ) Total income tax expense 

Total income tax expense includes million of tax benefits in 2022, million of tax expenses in 2021, and million of tax benefits in 2020, resulting from the resolution of tax audits. 
 Tax effect of items recorded in stockholders equity 
 billion in 2022, an in crease of billion in 2021, and a decrease of million in 2020. 
 
 Non-U.S. (a) 
 Income before income tax expense 
 
 (a) For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S. 

270 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

billion of tax credits and other tax benefits associated with investments in affordable housing projects within income tax expense for the year ended 2022, and billion and billion for the years ended 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amount of amortization of such investments reported in income tax expense was billion, billion and billion, respectively. The carrying value of these investments, which are reported in other assets on the Firm s Consolidated balance sheets, was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of commitments related to these investments, which are reported in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Firm s Consolidated balance sheets, was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employee benefits Accrued expenses and other 
 Non-U.S. operations Tax attribute carryforwards Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization Mortgage servicing rights, net of hedges 
 Leasing transactions Other, net Gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax (liabilities)/assets ) 
 JPMorgan Chase has recorded deferred tax assets of million at December 31, 2022, in connection with U.S. federal and non-U.S. NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes, FTC carryforwards, and state and local capital loss carryforwards. At December 31, 2022, total U.S. federal NOL carryforwards were million, non-U.S. NOL carryforwards were million, FTC carryforwards were million, state and local capital loss carryforwards were billion, and other U.S. federal tax attributes were million. If not utilized, a portion of the U.S. federal NOL carryforwards and other U.S. federal tax attributes will expire between 2026 and 2037 whereas others have an unlimited carryforward period. Similarly, certain non-U.S. NOL carryforwards will expire between 2026 and 2039 whereas others have an unlimited carryforward period. The FTC carryforwards will expire between 2029 and 2030, and the state and local capital loss carryforwards will expire in 2026. 
 The valuation allowance at December 31, 2022, was due to the state and local capital loss carryforwards, FTC carryforwards, and certain non-U.S. deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 271 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 billion, billion and billion, respectively, of which billion, billion and billion, respectively, if recognized, would reduce the annual effective tax rate. Included in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits are certain items that would not affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized in the Consolidated statements of income. These unrecognized items include the tax effect of certain temporary differences, the portion of gross state and local unrecognized tax benefits that would be offset by the benefit from associated U.S. federal income tax deductions, and the portion of gross non-U.S. unrecognized tax benefits that would have offsets in other jurisdictions. JPMorgan Chase evaluates the need for changes in unrecognized tax benefits based on its anticipated tax return filing positions as part of its U.S. federal and state and local tax returns. In addition, the Firm is presently under audit by a number of taxing authorities, most notably by the Internal Revenue Service, as summarized in the Tax examination status table below. The evaluation of unrecognized tax benefits as well as the potential for audit settlements make it reasonably possible that over the next 12 months the gross balance of unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease by as much as approximately billion. The change in the unrecognized tax benefit would result in a payment or income statement recognition. 
 Increases based on tax positions related to the current period 
 Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods 
 Decreases based on tax positions related to prior periods 
 ) ) ) Decreases related to cash settlements with taxing authorities 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 After-tax interest expense/(benefit) and penalties related to income tax liabilities recognized in income tax expense were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 billion and billion, respectively, for income tax-related interest and penaltie 

272 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 26 
 Cash reserves at non-U.S. central banks and held for other general purposes 
 Total restricted cash (a) 
 
 (a) Comprises billion and billion in deposits with banks, and billion and billion in cash and due from banks on the Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Also, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Firm had the following other restricted assets: 
 Cash and securities pledged with clearing organizations for the benefit of customers of billion and billion, respectively. 
 Securities with a fair value of billion and billion, respectively, were also restricted in relation to customer activity. 

of the banking subsidiary s total capital, as determined by the risk-based capital guidelines; the aggregate amount of covered transactions between any banking subsidiary and all of its affiliates is limited to of the banking subsidiary s total capital. 
 The Parent Company s two principal subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company (the IHC ). The IHC generally holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase s subsidiaries other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. The IHC also owns other assets and provides intercompany loans to the Parent Company. The Parent Company is obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds received from securities issuances (including issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common stock). 
 The principal sources of income and funding for the Parent Company are dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and extensions of credit from the IHC. In addition to dividend restrictions set forth in statutes and regulations, the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the FDIC have authority under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including the Parent Company and its subsidiaries that are banks or bank holding companies, if, in the banking regulator s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. The IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the Parent Company if certain capital or liquidity thresholds are breached or if limits are otherwise imposed by the Parent Company s management or Board of Directors. 
 At January 1, 2023, the Parent Company s banking subsidiaries could pay, in the aggregate, approximately billion in dividends to their respective bank holding companies without the prior approval of their relevant banking regulators. The capacity to pay dividends in 2023 will be supplemented by the banking subsidiaries earnings during the year. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 273 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 27 
 NA Tier 1 capital Total capital 
 Note: The table above is as defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries are subject. 
 (a) Represents the regulatory capital ratio requirements applicable to the Firm. The CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratio requirements each include a respective minimum requirement plus a GSIB surcharge of as calculated under Method 2; plus a SCB for Basel III Standardized ratios and a fixed capital conservation buffer for Basel III Advanced ratios. The countercyclical buffer is currently set to by the federal banking agencies. 
 (b) For the period ended December 31, 2021, the CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratio requirements under Basel III Standardized applicable to the Firm were , and , respectively. SCB for Basel III Standardized ratio for 2021 was . 
 (c) Represents requirements for JPMorgan Chase s IDI subsidiaries. The CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratio requirements include a fixed capital conservation buffer requirement of that is applicable to the IDI subsidiaries. The IDI subsidiaries are not subject to the GSIB surcharge. 
 (d) Represents requirements for bank holding companies pursuant to regulations issued by the Federal Reserve. 
 (e) Represents requirements for IDI subsidiaries pursuant to regulations issued under the FDIC Improvement Act. 
 The following table presents the leverage-based regulatory capital ratio requirements and well-capitalized ratios to which the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries were subject as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Capital ratio requirements (a) 
 Well-capitalized ratios BHC IDI BHC (b) 
 IDI Leverage-based capital ratios Tier 1 leverage NA SLR NA 
 Note: The table above is as defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries are subject. 
 (a) Represents minimum SLR requirement of , as well as supplementary leverage buffer requirements of and for BHC and IDI subsidiaries, respectively. 
 (b) The Federal Reserve's regulations do not establish well-capitalized thresholds for these measures for BHCs. 

274 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

billion CECL capital benefit is being phased out at 25 per year over a three-year period. As of December 31, 2022, the Firm s CET1 capital reflected the remaining billion benefit associated with the CECL capital transition provisions. 

Additionally, effective January 1, 2022, the Firm phased out 25 of the other CECL capital transition provisions which impacted Tier 2 capital, adjusted average assets, total leverage exposure and RWA, as applicable. 
 Refer to Note 1 for further information on the CECL accounting guidance. 

Tier 1 capital 
 Total capital 
 Risk-weighted assets CET1 capital ratio Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio 
 December 31, 2021 (in millions, except ratios) Basel III Standardized Basel III Advanced JPMorgan 
 Chase Co. 
 JPMorgan 
 Chase Bank, N.A. 
 JPMorgan 
 Chase Co. 
 JPMorgan 
 Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Risk-based capital metrics: (a) 
 CET1 capital 
 Tier 1 capital 
 Total capital 
 Risk-weighted assets CET1 capital ratio Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio 
 (a) The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. 
 
 Three months ended (in millions, except ratios) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 JPMorgan Chase Co. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Co. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Leverage-based capital metrics: (a) 
 Adjusted average assets (b) 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 Total leverage exposure SLR 
 (a) The capital metrics reflect the CECL capital transition provisions. 
 (b) Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the leverage ratios, includes quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill, inclusive of estimated equity method goodwill, and other intangible assets. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 275 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 28 
 Refer to Note 13 for further information regarding the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments. The following table summarizes the contractual amounts and carrying values of off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amounts in the table below for credit card and home equity lending-related commitments represent the total available credit for these products. The Firm has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit for these products will be utilized at the same time. The Firm can reduce or cancel credit card lines of credit by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice. In addition, the Firm typically closes credit card lines when the borrower is days or more past due. The Firm may reduce or close HELOCs when there are significant decreases in the value of the underlying property, or when there has been a demonstrable decline in the creditworthiness of the borrower. 

276 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Auto and other Total consumer, excluding credit card Credit card (b) 
 Total consumer (c) 
 Wholesale: Other unfunded commitments to extend credit (d) 
 (h) 
 Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees (d) 
 Other letters of credit (d) 
 Total wholesale (c) 
 Total lending-related Other guarantees and commitments Securities lending indemnification agreements and guarantees (e) 
 Derivatives qualifying as guarantees Unsettled resale and securities borrowed agreements 
 ) Unsettled repurchase and securities loaned agreements ) Loan sale and securitization-related indemnifications: 
 Mortgage repurchase liability NA NA NA NA NA NA Loans sold with recourse NA NA NA NA Exchange clearing house guarantees and commitments (f) 
 Other guarantees and commitments (g) 

(a) Includes certain commitments to purchase loans from correspondents. 
 (b) Also includes commercial card lending-related commitments primarily in CB and CIB. 
 (c) Predominantly all consumer and wholesale lending-related commitments are in the U.S. 
 (d) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, reflected the contractual amount net of risk participations totaling million and million, respectively, for other unfunded commitments to extend credit; billion and billion, respectively, for standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees; and million and million, respectively, for other letters of credit. In regulatory filings with the Federal Reserve these commitments are shown gross of risk participations. 
 (e) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, collateral held by the Firm in support of securities lending indemnification agreements was billion and billion, respectively. Securities lending collateral primarily consists of cash, G7 government securities, and securities issued by U.S. GSEs and government agencies. 
 (f) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes guarantees to the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation under the sponsored member repo program and commitments and guarantees associated with the Firm s membership in certain clearing houses. 
 (g) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, primarily includes unfunded commitments related to certain tax-oriented equity investments, unfunded commitments to purchase secondary market loans, and other equity investment commitments. 
 (h) At December 31, 2022, includes net markdowns on held-for-sale positions related to unfunded commitments in the bridge financing portfolio. 
 (i) For lending-related products, the carrying value represents the allowance for lending-related commitments and the guarantee liability; for derivative-related products, and lending-related commitments for which the fair value option was elected, the carrying value represents the fair value. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 277 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

For additional information on the guarantees, see below. 
 Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees 
 Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees are conditional lending commitments issued by the Firm to guarantee the performance of a client or customer to a third party under certain arrangements, such as commercial paper facilities, bond financings, acquisition financings, trade financings and similar transactions. 

Noninvestment-grade (a) 
 Total contractual amount Allowance for lending-related commitments Guarantee liability Total carrying value Commitments with collateral 
 (a) The ratings scale is based on the Firm s internal risk ratings. Refer to Note 12 for further information on internal risk ratings. 

278 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

of the value of the securities on loan from the borrower. Collateral is marked to market daily to help assure that collateralization is adequate. Additional collateral is called from the borrower if a shortfall exists, or collateral may be released to the borrower in the event of overcollateralization. If a borrower defaults, the Firm would use the collateral held to purchase replacement securities in the market or to credit the lending client or counterparty with the cash equivalent thereof. 
 The cash collateral held by the Firm may be invested on behalf of the client in indemnified resale agreements, whereby the Firm indemnifies the client against the loss of principal invested. To minimize its liability under these agreements, the Firm obtains collateral with a market value exceeding of the principal invested. 
 Derivatives qualifying as guarantees 
 The Firm transacts in certain derivative contracts that have the characteristics of a guarantee under U.S. GAAP. These contracts include written put options that require the Firm to purchase assets upon exercise by the option holder at a specified price by a specified date in the future. The Firm may enter into written put option contracts in order to meet client needs, or for other trading purposes. The terms of written put options are typically or less. 
 Derivatives deemed to be guarantees also includes stable value contracts, commonly referred to as stable value products , that require the Firm to make a payment of the difference between the market value and the book value of a counterparty s reference portfolio of assets in the event that market value is less than book value and certain other conditions have been met. Stable value products are transacted in order to allow investors to realize investment returns with less volatility than an unprotected portfolio. These contracts are typically longer-term or may have no stated maturity, but allow the Firm to elect to terminate the contract under certain conditions. 
 The notional value of derivative guarantees generally represents the Firm s maximum exposure. However, exposure to certain stable value products is contractually limited to a substantially lower percentage of the notional amount. 
 The fair value of derivative guarantees reflects the probability, in the Firm s view, of whether the Firm will be required to perform under the contract. The Firm reduces exposures to these contracts by entering into offsetting transactions, or by entering into contracts that hedge the market risk related to the derivative guarantees. 

Stable value contracts with contractually limited exposure 
 Maximum exposure of stable value contracts with contractually limited exposure 
 Fair value Derivative payables 
 In addition to derivative contracts that meet the characteristics of a guarantee, the Firm is both a purchaser and seller of credit protection in the credit derivatives market. Refer to Note 5 for a further discussion of credit derivatives. 
 Unsettled securities financing agreements 
 In the normal course of business, the Firm enters into resale and securities borrowed agreements. At settlement, these commitments result in the Firm advancing cash to and receiving securities collateral from the counterparty. The Firm also enters into repurchase and securities loaned agreements. At settlement, these commitments result in the Firm receiving cash from and providing securities collateral to the counterparty. Such agreements settle at a future date. These agreements generally do not meet the definition of a derivative, and therefore, are not recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets until settlement date. These agreements predominantly have regular-way settlement terms. Refer to Note 11 for a further discussion of securities financing agreements. 
 Loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications 
 Mortgage repurchase liability 
 In connection with the Firm s mortgage loan sale and securitization activities with U.S. GSEs the Firm has made representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, and that may require the Firm to repurchase mortgage loans and/or indemnify the loan purchaser if such representations and warranties are breached by the Firm. 
 Private label securitizations 
 The liability related to repurchase demands associated with private label securitizations is separately evaluated by the Firm in establishing its litigation reserves. 
 Refer to Note 30 for additional information regarding litigation. 
 Loans sold with recourse 
 The Firm provides servicing for mortgages and certain commercial lending products on both a recourse and nonrecourse basis. In nonrecourse servicing, the principal credit risk to the Firm is the cost of temporary servicing advances of funds (i.e., normal servicing advances). In recourse servicing, the servicer agrees to share credit risk with the owner of the mortgage loans, such as Fannie Mae 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 279 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 billion, billion, and billion, respectively. 
 Clearing Services Client Credit Risk 
 The Firm provides clearing services for clients by entering into securities purchases and sales and derivative contracts with CCPs, including ETDs such as futures and options, as well as OTC-cleared derivative contracts. As a clearing member, the Firm stands behind the performance of its clients, collects cash and securities collateral (margin) as well as any settlement amounts due from or to clients, and remits them to the relevant CCP or client in whole or part. There are two types of margin: variation margin is posted on a daily basis based on the value of clients derivative contracts and initial margin is posted at inception of a derivative contract, generally on the basis of the potential changes in the variation margin requirement for the contract. 
 As a clearing member, the Firm is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients, but is not liable to clients for the performance of the CCPs. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its risk to the client through the collection of appropriate amounts of margin at inception and throughout the life of the transactions. The Firm can also cease providing clearing services if clients do not adhere to their obligations under the clearing agreement. In the event of nonperformance by a client, the Firm would close out the client s positions and access available margin. The CCP would utilize any margin it holds to make itself whole, with any remaining shortfalls required to be paid by the Firm as a clearing member. 
 The Firm reflects its exposure to nonperformance risk of the client through the recognition of margin receivables from clients and margin payables to CCPs; the clients underlying securities or derivative contracts are not reflected in the Firm s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 It is difficult to estimate the Firm s maximum possible exposure through its role as a clearing member, as this would require an assessment of transactions that clients may execute in the future. However, based upon historical experience, and the credit risk mitigants available to the Firm, management believes it is unlikely that the Firm will have to make any material payments under these arrangements and the risk of loss is expected to be remote. 
 Refer to Note 5 for information on the derivatives that the Firm executes for its own account and records in its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

280 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

-owned finance subsidiary. All securities issued by JPMFC are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company and no other subsidiary of the parent company guarantees these securities. These guarantees, which rank on a parity with the Firm s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, are not included in the table on page 277 of this Note. Refer to Note 20 for additional information. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 281 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 29 
 Assets that may not be sold or repledged or otherwise used by secured parties Assets pledged at Federal Reserve banks and FHLBs Total pledged assets 
 Total pledged assets do not include assets of consolidated VIEs; these assets are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. Refer to Note 14 for additional information on assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs. Refer to Note 11 for additional information on the Firm s securities financing activities. Refer to Note 20 for additional information on the Firm s long-term debt. 
 Loans Trading assets and other Total pledged assets 

Collateral 
 The Firm accepts financial assets as collateral that it is permitted to sell or repledge, deliver or otherwise use. This collateral is generally obtained under resale and other securities financing agreements, prime brokerage-related held-for-investment customer receivables and derivative contracts. Collateral is generally used under repurchase and other securities financing agreements, to cover short sales, and to collateralize derivative contracts and deposits. 
 Collateral sold, repledged, delivered or otherwise used 

282 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 30 
 to approximately billion at December 31, 2022. This estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses was based upon information available as of that date for those proceedings in which the Firm believes that an estimate of reasonably possible loss can be made. For certain matters, the Firm does not believe that such an estimate can be made, as of that date. The Firm s estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses involves significant judgment, given: 
 the number, variety and varying stages of the proceedings, including the fact that many are in preliminary stages, 
 the existence in many such proceedings of multiple defendants, including the Firm, whose share of liability (if any) has yet to be determined, 
 the numerous yet-unresolved issues in many of the proceedings, including issues regarding class certification and the scope of many of the claims, and 
 the uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such proceedings, including where the Firm has made assumptions concerning future rulings by the court or other adjudicator, or about the behavior or incentives of adverse parties or regulatory authorities, and those assumptions prove to be incorrect. 
 In addition, the outcome of a particular proceeding may be a result which the Firm did not take into account in its estimate because the Firm had deemed the likelihood of that outcome to be remote. Accordingly, the Firm s estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses will change from time to time, and actual losses may vary significantly. 

Set forth below are descriptions of the Firm s material legal proceedings. 
 1MDB Litigation . J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA was named as a defendant in a civil litigation filed in May 2021 in Malaysia by 1Malaysia Development Berhad 1MDB ), a Malaysian state-owned and controlled investment fund. J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA was served in August 2022. The claim alleges dishonest assistance against J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA in relation to payments of million and million, from 2009 and 2010, respectively, received from 1MDB and paid into an account at J.P. Morgan Suisse (SA) held by 1MDB PetroSaudi Limited, a joint venture company between 1MDB and PetroSaudi Holdings (Cayman) Limited. In September 2022, the Firm filed an application challenging the validity of service and the Malaysian court s jurisdiction to hear the claim. 
 Amrapali . India s Enforcement Directorate ED is investigating J.P. Morgan India Private Limited in connection with investments made in 2010 and 2012 by offshore funds formerly managed by JPMorgan Chase entities into residential housing projects developed by the Amrapali Group Amrapali ). In 2017, numerous creditors filed civil claims against Amrapali, including petitions brought by home buyers relating to delays in delivering or failure to deliver residential units. The home buyers petitions have been overseen by the Supreme Court of India and are ongoing. In August 2021, the ED issued an order fining J.P. Morgan India Private Limited approximately million. The Firm is appealing the order and the fine. Relatedly, in July 2019, the Supreme Court of India issued an order making preliminary findings that Amrapali and other parties, including unspecified JPMorgan Chase entities and the offshore funds that had invested in the projects, violated certain currency control and money laundering provisions, and ordering the ED to conduct a further inquiry under India s Prevention of Money Laundering Act PMLA and Foreign Exchange Management Act FEMA ). In May 2020, the ED attached approximately million from J.P. Morgan India Private Limited in connection with the criminal PMLA investigation. The Firm is responding to and cooperating with the PMLA investigation. 
 Federal Republic of Nigeria Litigation. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. operated an escrow and depository account for the Federal Government of Nigeria FGN and two major international oil companies. The account held approximately billion in connection with a dispute among the clients over rights to an oil field. Following the settlement of the dispute, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. paid out the monies in the account in 2011 and 2013 in accordance with directions received from its clients. In November 2017, the Federal Republic of Nigeria FRN commenced a claim in the English High Court for approximately million in payments made out of the accounts. The FRN alleged that the payments were 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 283 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 disqualification period following the antitrust plea. The only remaining FX-related governmental inquiry is a South Africa Competition Commission matter which is currently pending before the South Africa Competition Tribunal. 
 With respect to civil litigation matters, in August 2018, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted final approval to the Firm s settlement of a consolidated class action brought by U.S.-based plaintiffs, which principally alleged violations of federal antitrust laws based on an alleged conspiracy to manipulate foreign exchange rates and also sought damages on behalf of persons who transacted in FX futures and options on futures. Although certain members of the settlement class filed requests to the Court to be excluded from the class, an agreement to resolve their claims was reached in December 2022. A putative class action remains pending against the Firm and other foreign exchange dealers on behalf of certain consumers who purchased foreign currencies at allegedly inflated rates. In addition, some FX-related individual and putative class actions based on similar alleged underlying conduct have been filed outside the U.S., including in the U.K., Israel, the Netherlands, Brazil and Australia. An agreement to resolve one of the UK actions was reached in December 2022. In a putative class action pending before the U.K. Competition Appeal Tribunal, proposed class representatives have appealed the tribunal's denial of a request for class certification on an opt-out basis. In Israel, a settlement in principle has been reached in the putative class action, which remains subject to court approval. 
 Interchange Litigation . Groups of merchants and retail associations filed a series of class action complaints alleging that Visa and Mastercard, as well as certain banks, conspired to set the price of credit and debit card interchange fees and enacted related rules in violation of antitrust laws. In 2012, the parties initially settled the cases for a cash payment, but that settlement was reversed on 

appeal and remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 
 The original class action was divided into separate actions, one seeking primarily monetary relief and the other seeking primarily injunctive relief. In September 2018, the parties to the monetary class action finalized an agreement which amends and supersedes the prior settlement agreement. Pursuant to this settlement, the defendants collectively contributed an additional million to the approximately billion previously held in escrow from the original settlement. In December 2019, the amended settlement agreement was approved by the District Court. Certain merchants appealed the District Court s approval order, and those appeals are pending. Based on the percentage of merchants that opted out of the amended class settlement, million has been returned to the defendants from the settlement escrow in accordance with the settlement agreement. The injunctive class action continues separately, and in September 2021, the District Court granted plaintiffs motion for class certification in part, and denied the motion in part. 
 Of the merchants who opted out of the amended damages class settlement, certain merchants filed individual actions raising similar allegations against Visa and Mastercard, as well as against the Firm and other banks. While some of those actions remain pending, the defendants have reached settlements with the merchants who opted out representing over half of the combined Mastercard-branded and Visa-branded payment card sales volume. 
 Jeffrey Epstein Litigation. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is named as a defendant in lawsuits filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York which allege that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. knowingly facilitated Jeffrey Epstein s sex trafficking and other unlawful conduct by providing banking services to Epstein until 2013. One case, which was filed in November 2022, is a putative class action filed by an alleged sex-trafficking victim of Epstein, and the other case, which was filed in December 2022, was brought on behalf of the government of the United States Virgin Islands and also alleges certain Virgin Islands statutory claims. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has moved to dismiss both complaints. 
 LIBOR and Other Benchmark Rate Investigations and Litigation. JPMorgan Chase has responded to inquiries from various governmental agencies and entities around the world relating primarily to the British Bankers Association s BBA London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR for various currencies and the European Banking Federation s Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ). The Swiss Competition Commission s investigation relating to EURIBOR, to which the Firm and one other bank remain subject, continues. In December 2016, the European Commission issued a decision against the Firm and other banks finding an infringement of European antitrust rules relating to EURIBOR. The Firm has filed an appeal of that 

284 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

million, million and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There is no assurance that the Firm s litigation reserves will not need to be adjusted in the future. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 285 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

286 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 31 
 (d) 
 Asia-Pacific Latin America/Caribbean Total international North America (a) 
 Total 2021 
 Europe/Middle East/Africa (d) 
 Asia-Pacific Latin America/Caribbean (e) 
 Total international North America (a) 
 (e) 
 Total 2020 
 Europe/Middle East/Africa (d) 
 Asia-Pacific Latin America/Caribbean (e) 
 Total international North America (a) 
 (e) 
 Total 
 (a) Substantially reflects the U.S. 
 (b) Revenue is composed of net interest income and noninterest revenue. 
 (c) Expense is composed of noninterest expense and the provision for credit losses. 
 (d) Total assets for the U.K. were approximately billion, billion and billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (e) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation . 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 287 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

 Note 32 
 major reportable business segments Consumer Community Banking, Corporate Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Wealth Management. In addition, there is a Corporate segment. The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is evaluated by the Firm s Operating Committee. Segment results are presented on a managed basis. Refer to Segment results of this footnote for a further discussion of JPMorgan Chase s business segments. 
 The following is a description of each of the Firm s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases. 
 Consumer Community Banking 
 Consumer Community Banking offers products and services to consumers and small businesses through bank branches, ATMs, digital (including mobile and online) and telephone banking. CCB is organized into Banking Wealth Management (including Consumer Banking, J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and Business Banking), Home Lending (including Home Lending Production, Home Lending Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card Services Auto. Banking Wealth Management offers deposit, investment and lending products, cash management, payments and services. Home Lending includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card Services issues credit cards and offers travel services. Auto originates and services auto loans and leases. 
 Corporate Investment Bank 
 The Corporate Investment Bank, which consists of Banking and Markets Securities Services, offers a broad suite of investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, lending, and treasury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations, investors, financial institutions, merchants, government and municipal entities. Banking offers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication. Banking also includes Payments, which provides payments services enabling clients to manage payments and receipts globally, and cross-border financing. Markets Securities Services includes Markets, a global market-maker across products, including cash and derivative instruments, which also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research. Markets Securities Services also includes 

Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund accounting and administration, and securities lending products principally for asset managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds. 
 Commercial Banking 
 Commercial Banking provides comprehensive financial solutions, including lending, payments, investment banking and asset management products across primary client segments: Middle Market Banking, Corporate Client Banking and Commercial Real Estate Banking. Other includes amounts not aligned with a primary client segment. 
 Middle Market Banking covers small and midsized companies, local governments and nonprofit clients. 
 Corporate Client Banking covers large corporations. 
 Commercial Real Estate Banking covers investors, developers, and owners of multifamily, office, retail, industrial and affordable housing properties. 
 Asset Wealth Management 
 Asset Wealth Management, with client assets of trillion, is a global leader in investment and wealth management. 
 Asset Management 
 Offers multi-asset investment management solutions across equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds to institutional and retail investors providing for a broad range of clients investment needs. 
 Global Private Bank 
 Provides retirement products and services, brokerage, custody, estate planning, lending, deposits and investment management to high net worth clients. 
 The majority of AWM s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. 
 Corporate 
 The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Office CIO and Other Corporate. Treasury and CIO is predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm s liquidity, funding, capital, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks. 
 Other Corporate includes staff functions and expense that is centrally managed as well as certain Firm initiatives and activities not aligned to a specific LOB. The major Other Corporate functions include Real Estate, Technology, Legal, Corporate Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Compliance, Control Management, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups. 

288 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Net interest income Total net revenue Provision for credit losses 
 ) ) ) ) Noninterest expense Income/(loss) before income tax expense/(benefit) 
 Income tax expense/(benefit) 
 Net income/(loss) Average equity 
 Total assets Return on equity 
 Overhead ratio 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 289 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 ) ) ) Net interest income ) ) ) ) ) Total net revenue ) ) ) ) ) Provision for credit losses 
 ) Noninterest expense Income/(loss) before income 
 tax expense/(benefit) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense/(benefit) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income/(loss) ) ) ) Average equity 
 Total assets NA NA NA Return on equity 
 NM NM NM NM NM NM Overhead ratio NM NM NM NM NM NM 
 (a) Segment results on a managed basis reflect revenue on a FTE basis with the corresponding income tax impact recorded within income tax expense/(benefit). These adjustments are eliminated in reconciling items to arrive at the Firm s reported U.S. GAAP results. 

290 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Note 33 
 Non-bank Interest income from subsidiaries Other income/(expense) from subsidiaries: Bank and bank holding company ) Non-bank ) Other income/(expense) Total income Expense Interest expense/(income) to subsidiaries and affiliates (a) 
 ) Other interest expense/(income) (a) 
 ) ) Noninterest expense Total expense Income before income tax benefit and undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
 Income tax benefit Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
 Net income Other comprehensive income/(loss), net ) ) Comprehensive income 
 Balance sheets December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Deposits with banking subsidiaries Trading assets Advances to, and receivables from, subsidiaries: 
 Bank and bank holding company Non-bank Investments (at equity) in subsidiaries and affiliates: 
 Bank and bank holding company Non-bank Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Borrowings from, and payables to, subsidiaries and affiliates Short-term borrowings Other liabilities Long-term debt (b)(c) 
 Total liabilities (c) 
 Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Less: Net income of subsidiaries and affiliates Parent company net loss ) ) ) Cash dividends from subsidiaries and affiliates Other operating adjustments ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 
 ) Investing activities Net change in: Advances to and investments in subsidiaries and affiliates, net 
 ) ) All other investing activities, net Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 
 ) ) Financing activities Net change in: 
 Borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates ) Short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings 
 Payments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 
 Redemption of preferred stock ) ) ) Treasury stock repurchased 
 ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) All other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks and deposits with banking subsidiaries ) Cash and due from banks and deposits with banking subsidiaries at the beginning of the year 
 Cash and due from banks and deposits with banking subsidiaries at the end of the year 
 Cash interest paid Cash income taxes paid, net (d) 
 
 (a) Includes interest expense for intercompany derivative hedges on the Firm s LTD and related fair value adjustments, which is predominantly offset by related amounts in Other interest expense/(income). 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, long-term debt that contractually matures in 2023 through 2027 totaled billion, billion, billion, billion, and billion, respectively. 
 (c) Refer to Notes 20 and 28 for information regarding the Parent Company s guarantees of its subsidiaries obligations. 
 (d) Represents payments, net of refunds, made by the Parent Company to various taxing authorities and includes taxes paid on behalf of certain of its subsidiaries that are subsequently reimbursed. The reimbursements were billion, billion, and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 291 

Supplementary Information: Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders equity; interest rates and interest differentials 

 Consolidated average balance sheets, interest and rates 
 Provided below is a summary of JPMorgan Chase s consolidated average balances, interest and rates on a taxable-equivalent basis for the years 2020 through 2022. Income computed on a taxable-equivalent basis is the income reported in the Consolidated statements of income, adjusted to present interest income and rates earned on 

assets exempt from income taxes (i.e., federal taxes) on a basis comparable with other taxable investments. The incremental tax rate used for calculating the taxable-equivalent adjustment was approximately 24 in 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

(Table continued on next page) (Unaudited) 2022 Year ended December 31, (Taxable-equivalent interest and rates; in millions, except rates) Average balance Interest (g) 
 Rate Assets Deposits with banks 670,773 9,039 1.35 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 307,150 4,632 1.51 Securities borrowed 205,516 2,237 1.09 Trading assets debt instruments 283,108 9,097 3.21 Taxable securities 626,122 10,372 1.66 Non-taxable securities (a) 
 27,863 1,224 4.39 Total investment securities 653,985 11,596 1.77 (i) 
 Loans 1,100,318 52,877 (h) 
 4.81 All other interest-earning assets (b) 
 128,229 3,763 2.93 Total interest-earning assets 3,349,079 93,241 2.78 Allowance for loan losses (17,399) Cash and due from banks 27,601 Trading assets equity and other instruments 140,778 Trading assets derivative receivables 78,606 Goodwill, MSRs and other intangible assets 59,467 All other noninterest-earning assets 215,408 Total assets 3,853,540 Liabilities Interest-bearing deposits 1,748,666 10,082 0.58 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 242,762 3,721 1.53 Short-term borrowings (c) 
 46,063 747 1.62 Trading liabilities debt and all other interest-bearing liabilities (d)(e) 
 268,019 3,246 1.21 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 11,208 226 2.02 Long-term debt 250,080 8,075 3.23 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,566,798 26,097 1.02 Noninterest-bearing deposits 719,249 Trading liabilities equity and other instruments (e) 
 39,155 Trading liabilities derivative payables 57,388 All other liabilities, including the allowance for lending-related commitments 185,989 Total liabilities 3,568,579 Stockholders equity Preferred stock 31,893 Common stockholders equity 253,068 Total stockholders equity 284,961 (f) 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 3,853,540 Interest rate spread 1.76 Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning assets 67,144 2.00 
 (a) Represents securities that are tax-exempt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 (b) Includes brokerage-related held-for-investment customer receivables, which are classified in accrued interest and accounts receivable, and all other interest-earning assets, which are classified in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (c) Includes commercial paper. 
 (d) All other interest-bearing liabilities include brokerage-related customer payables. 
 Within the Consolidated average balance sheets, interest and rates summary, the principal amounts of nonaccrual loans have been included in the average loan balances used to determine the average interest rate earned on loans. Refer to Note 12 for additional information on nonaccrual loans, including interest accrued. 

292 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

(Table continued from previous page) 2021 2020 Average balance Interest (g) 
 Rate Average balance Interest (g) 
 Rate 719,772 512 0.07 444,058 749 0.17 269,231 958 0.36 275,926 2,436 0.88 190,655 (385) (0.20) (j) 
 143,472 (302) (0.21) (j) 
 283,829 6,856 2.42 322,936 7,869 2.44 563,147 6,460 1.15 476,650 7,843 1.65 30,830 1,336 4.33 33,287 1,437 4.32 593,977 7,796 1.31 (i) 
 509,937 9,280 1.82 (i) 
 1,035,399 41,663 (h) 
 4.02 1,004,597 43,886 (h) 
 4.37 123,079 894 0.73 78,784 1,023 1.30 3,215,942 58,294 1.81 2,779,710 64,941 2.34 (22,179) (25,775) 26,776 22,241 172,822 120,878 (k) 
 69,101 73,749 (k) 
 55,003 51,934 207,737 179,413 3,725,202 3,202,150 1,672,669 (k) 
 531 0.03 1,389,224 2,357 0.17 259,302 274 0.11 255,421 1,058 0.41 44,618 126 0.28 38,853 372 0.96 241,431 257 0.11 205,255 195 0.10 14,595 83 0.57 19,216 214 1.12 250,378 4,282 1.71 254,400 5,764 2.27 2,482,993 5,553 0.22 2,162,369 9,960 0.46 674,485 (k) 
 517,527 36,656 32,628 60,318 61,593 186,755 161,269 3,441,207 2,935,386 33,027 29,899 250,968 236,865 283,995 (f) 
 266,764 (f) 
 3,725,202 3,202,150 1.59 1.88 52,741 1.64 54,981 1.98 
 (e) The combined balance of trading liabilities debt and equity instruments was 138.1 billion, 128.2 billion and 106.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (f) The ratio of average stockholders equity to average assets was 7.4 , 7.6 and 8.3 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The return on average stockholders equity, based on net income, was 13.2 , 17.0 and 10.9 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (g) Interest includes the effect of related hedging derivatives. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. 
 (h) Fees and commissions on loans included in loan interest amounted to 1.8 billion, 1.9 billion and 1.0 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (i) The annualized rate for securities based on amortized cost was 1.75 , 1.33 and 1.85 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and does not give effect to changes in fair value that are reflected in AOCI. 
 (j) Negative interest and rates reflect the net impact of interest earned offset by fees paid on client-driven prime brokerage securities borrowed transactions. 
 (k) Prior-period amounts have been revised to conform with the current presentation. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 293 

Interest rates and interest differential analysis of net interest income U.S. and non-U.S. 

Presented below is a summary of interest and rates segregated between U.S. and non-U.S. operations for the years 2020 through 2022. The segregation of U.S. and non-U.S. components is based on the location of the office recording the transaction. 
 (Table continued on next page) 2022 (Unaudited) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 (Taxable-equivalent interest and rates; in millions, except rates) 
 Average balance Interest Rate Interest-earning assets Deposits with banks: U.S. 456,366 7,418 1.63 Non-U.S. 214,407 1,621 0.76 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements: U.S. 130,213 2,191 1.68 Non-U.S. 176,937 2,441 1.38 Securities borrowed: (a) 
 U.S. 142,736 1,811 1.27 Non-U.S. 62,780 426 0.68 Trading assets debt instruments: U.S. 170,975 5,414 3.17 Non-U.S. 112,133 3,683 3.28 Investment securities: U.S. 623,285 10,994 1.76 Non-U.S. 30,700 602 1.96 Loans: U.S. 985,187 48,953 4.97 Non-U.S. 115,131 3,924 3.41 All other interest-earning assets, predominantly U.S. 128,229 3,763 2.93 Total interest-earning assets 3,349,079 93,241 2.78 Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing deposits: U.S. 1,358,322 7,026 0.52 Non-U.S. 390,344 3,056 0.78 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements: U.S. 173,016 3,083 1.78 Non-U.S. 69,746 638 0.91 Trading liabilities debt, short-term and all other interest-bearing liabilities :(b) 
 U.S. 194,570 2,384 1.23 Non-U.S. 119,512 1,609 1.35 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs, predominantly U.S. 11,208 226 2.02 Long-term debt: U.S. 246,670 8,026 3.25 Non-U.S. 3,410 49 1.44 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,566,798 26,097 1.02 Noninterest-bearing liabilities (c) 
 782,281 Total investable funds 3,349,079 26,097 0.78 Net interest income and net yield: 67,144 2.00 U.S. 58,950 2.27 Non-U.S. 8,194 1.09 Percentage of total assets and liabilities attributable to non-U.S. operations: Assets 24.9 Liabilities 20.6 
 (a) Negative interest and rates reflect the net impact of interest earned offset by fees paid on client-driven prime brokerage securities borrowed transactions. 
 (b) Includes commercial paper. 
 (c) Represents the amount of noninterest-bearing liabilities funding interest-earning assets. 
 
 Refer to the Net interest income discussion in Consolidated Results of Operations on pages 51-54 for further information. 

294 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

(Table continued from previous page) 2021 2020 Average balance Interest Rate Average balance Interest Rate 527,340 693 0.13 294,669 768 0.26 192,432 (181) (0.09) 149,389 (19) (0.01) 114,406 299 0.26 141,409 1,341 0.95 154,825 659 0.43 134,517 1,095 0.81 137,752 (319) (0.23) 100,026 (305) (0.30) 52,903 (66) (0.12) 43,446 3 0.01 158,793 3,530 2.22 216,025 5,056 2.34 125,036 3,326 2.66 106,911 2,813 2.63 563,109 7,399 1.31 475,832 8,703 1.83 30,868 397 1.29 34,105 577 1.69 924,713 39,215 4.24 909,850 41,708 4.58 110,686 2,448 2.21 94,747 2,178 2.30 123,079 894 0.73 78,784 1,023 1.30 3,215,942 58,294 1.81 2,779,710 64,941 2.34 1,301,616 901 0.07 1,068,857 2,288 0.21 371,053 (370) (0.10) 320,367 69 0.02 199,220 222 0.11 204,958 863 0.42 60,082 52 0.09 50,463 195 0.39 176,466 (345) (0.20) 151,120 (30) (0.02) 109,583 728 0.66 92,988 597 0.64 14,595 83 0.57 19,216 214 1.12 244,850 4,229 1.73 247,623 5,704 2.30 5,528 53 0.96 6,777 60 0.89 2,482,993 5,553 0.22 2,162,369 9,960 0.46 732,949 617,341 3,215,942 5,553 0.17 2,779,710 9,960 0.36 52,741 1.64 54,981 1.98 46,622 1.86 49,242 2.25 6,119 0.87 5,739 0.97 24.6 23.5 20.4 20.9 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 295 

Changes in net interest income, volume and rate analysis 

The table below presents an attribution of net interest income between volume and rate. The attribution between volume and rate is calculated using annual average balances for each category of assets and liabilities shown in the table and the corresponding annual rates (refer to pages 292-296 for more information on average balances and rates). In this analysis, when the change cannot be isolated to either volume or rate, it has been allocated to volume. The annual rates include the impact of changes in market rates, as well as the impact of any change in composition of the various products within each category of asset or liability. This analysis is calculated separately for each category without consideration of the relationship between categories (for example, the net spread between the rates earned on assets and the rates paid on liabilities that fund those assets). As a result, changes in the granularity or groupings considered in this analysis would produce a different attribution result, and due to the complexities involved, precise allocation of changes in interest rates between volume and rates is inherently complex and judgmental. 
 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 (Unaudited) Increase/(decrease) due to change in: Increase/(decrease) due to change in: Year ended December 31, (On a taxable-equivalent basis; in millions) Volume Rate Net change Volume Rate Net change Interest-earning assets Deposits with banks: U.S. (1,185) 7,910 6,725 308 (383) (75) Non-U.S. 166 1,636 1,802 (42) (120) (162) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements: 
 U.S. 267 1,625 1,892 (66) (976) (1,042) Non-U.S. 311 1,471 1,782 75 (511) (436) Securities borrowed: (a) 
 U.S. 64 2,066 2,130 (84) 70 (14) Non-U.S. 69 423 492 (13) (56) (69) Trading assets debt instruments: U.S. 375 1,509 1,884 (1,267) (259) (1,526) Non-U.S. (418) 775 357 481 32 513 Investment securities: U.S. 1,061 2,534 3,595 1,170 (2,474) (1,304) Non-U.S. (2) 207 205 (44) (136) (180) Loans: U.S. 2,988 6,750 9,738 600 (3,093) (2,493) Non-U.S. 148 1,328 1,476 355 (85) 270 All other interest-earning assets, predominantly U.S. 161 2,708 2,869 320 (449) (129) Change in interest income 4,005 30,942 34,947 1,793 (8,440) (6,647) Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing deposits: U.S. 268 5,857 6,125 109 (1,496) (1,387) Non-U.S. 161 3,265 3,426 (55) (384) (439) Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements: 
 U.S. (466) 3,327 2,861 (6) (635) (641) Non-U.S. 93 493 586 8 (151) (143) Trading liabilities debt, short-term and all other interest-bearing liabilities :(b) 
 U.S. 206 2,523 2,729 (43) (272) (315) Non-U.S. 125 756 881 112 19 131 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs, predominantly U.S. 
 (69) 212 143 (27) (104) (131) Long-term debt: U.S. 75 3,722 3,797 (64) (1,411) (1,475) Non-U.S. (31) 27 (4) (12) 5 (7) Change in interest expense 362 20,182 20,544 22 (4,429) (4,407) Change in net interest income 3,643 10,760 14,403 1,771 (4,011) (2,240) 
 (a) Negative interest and rates reflect the net impact of interest earned offset by fees paid on client-driven prime brokerage securities borrowed transactions. 
 (b) Includes commercial paper. 
 296 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

 2022 Form 10-K: Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 ABS: Asset-backed securities 
 AFS: Available-for-sale 
 ALCO: Asset Liability Committee 
 Amortized cost: Amount at which a financing receivable or investment is originated or acquired, adjusted for accretion or amortization of premium, discount, and net deferred fees or costs, collection of cash, charge-offs, foreign exchange, and fair value hedge accounting adjustments. For AFS securities, amortized cost is also reduced by any impairment losses recognized in earnings. Amortized cost is not reduced by the allowance for credit losses, except where explicitly presented net. 
 AOCI: Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 ARM: Adjustable rate mortgage(s) 
 AUC: Assets under custody 
 AUM: Assets under management : Represent assets managed by AWM on behalf of its Private Banking, Institutional and Retail clients. Includes Committed capital not Called. 
 Auto loan and lease origination volume: Dollar amount of auto loans and leases originated. 
 AWM: Asset Wealth Management 
 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs: Represents the interest of third-party holders of debt, equity securities, or other obligations, issued by VIEs that JPMorgan Chase consolidates. 
 Benefit obligation: Refers to the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans. 
 BHC: Bank holding company 
 BWM: Banking Wealth Management 
 CB: Commercial Banking 
 CCAR: Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 CCB: Consumer Community Banking 
 CCO: Chief Compliance Officer 
 CCP: Central counterparty is a clearing house that interposes itself between counterparties to contracts traded in one or more financial markets, becoming the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer and thereby ensuring the future performance of open contracts. A CCP becomes a counterparty to trades with market participants through novation, an open offer system, or another legally binding arrangement. 
 CDS: Credit default swaps 
 CECL: Current Expected Credit Losses 

CEO: Chief Executive Officer 
 CET1 Capital: Common equity Tier 1 capital 
 CFO: Chief Financial Officer 
 CFP: Contingency funding plan 
 CFTC: Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
 Chase Bank USA, N.A.: Chase Bank USA, National Association 
 CIB: Corporate Investment Bank 
 CIO: Chief Investment Office 
 Client assets: Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts. 
 Client deposits and other third-party liabilities: Deposits, as well as deposits that are swept to on-balance sheet liabilities (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements) as part of client cash management programs. 
 Client investment assets: Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage and annuity accounts, and deposits held in investment accounts. 
 CLO: Collateralized loan obligations 
 CLTV: Combined loan-to-value 
 CMT: Constant Maturity Treasury 
 Collateral-dependent: A loan is considered to be collateral-dependent when repayment of the loan is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, including when foreclosure is deemed probable based on borrower delinquency. 
 Commercial Card: provides a wide range of payment services to corporate and public sector clients worldwide through the commercial card products. Services include procurement, corporate travel and entertainment, expense management services, and business-to-business payment solutions. 
 Credit derivatives: Financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit risk associated with the debt of a third-party issuer (the reference entity) which allow one party (the protection purchaser) to transfer that risk to another party (the protection seller). Upon the occurrence of a credit event by the reference entity, which may include, among other events, the bankruptcy or failure to pay its obligations, or certain restructurings of the debt of the reference entity, neither party has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value at the time of settling the credit derivative contract. The determination as to whether a credit event has occurred is generally made by the relevant International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA Determinations Committee. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 297 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

 Criticized: Criticized loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables that are classified as special mention, substandard and doubtful categories for regulatory purposes. 
 CRO: Chief Risk Officer 
 CRR: Capital Requirements Regulation 
 CTC: CIO, Treasury and Corporate 
 Custom lending: Loans to AWM s Global Private Bank clients, including loans to private investment funds and loans that are collateralized by nontraditional asset types, such as art work, aircraft, etc. 
 CVA: Credit valuation adjustment 
 Debit and credit card sales volume : Dollar amount of card member purchases, net of returns. 
 Deposit margin/deposit spread: Represents net interest income expressed as a percentage of average deposits. 
 Distributed denial-of-service attack: The use of a large number of remote computer systems to electronically send a high volume of traffic to a target website to create a service outage at the target. This is a form of cyberattack. 
 Dodd-Frank Act: Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 DVA: Debit valuation adjustment 
 EC: European Commission 
 Eligible HQLA: Eligible high-quality liquid assets, for purposes of calculating the LCR, is the amount of unencumbered HQLA that satisfy certain operational considerations as defined in the LCR rule. 
 Eligible LTD: Long-term debt satisfying certain eligibility criteria 
 Embedded derivatives: are implicit or explicit terms or features of a financial instrument that affect some or all of the cash flows or the value of the instrument in a manner similar to a derivative. An instrument containing such terms or features is referred to as a hybrid. The component of the hybrid that is the non-derivative instrument is referred to as the host. For example, callable debt is a hybrid instrument that contains a plain vanilla debt instrument (i.e., the host) and an embedded option that allows the issuer to redeem the debt issue at a specified date for a specified amount (i.e., the embedded derivative). However, a floating rate instrument is not a hybrid composed of a fixed-rate instrument and an interest rate swap. 
 EPS: Earnings per share 
 ERISA: Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
 ETD: Exchange-traded derivatives : Derivative contracts that are executed on an exchange and settled via a central clearing house. 
 EU: European Union 

Expense categories: 
 Volume- and/or revenue-related expenses generally correlate with changes in the related business/transaction volume or revenue. Examples include commissions and incentive compensation within the LOBs, depreciation expense related to operating lease assets, and brokerage expense related to trading transaction volume. 
 Investments in the business include expenses associated with supporting medium- to longer-term strategic plans of the Firm. Examples include front office growth, market expansion, initiatives in technology (including related compensation), marketing, and acquisitions. 
 Structural expenses are those associated with the day-to-day cost of running the Firm and are expenses not included in the above two categories. Examples include employee salaries and benefits, certain other incentive compensation, and costs related to real estate. 
 Fannie Mae: Federal National Mortgage Association 
 FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FCA: Financial Conduct Authority 
 FCC: Firmwide Control Committee 
 FDIC: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 Federal Reserve: The Board of the Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
 FFIEC: Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council 
 FHA: Federal Housing Administration 
 FHLB: Federal Home Loan Bank 
 FICC: The Fixed Income Clearing Corporation 
 FICO score: A measure of consumer credit risk provided by credit bureaus, typically produced from statistical models by Fair Isaac Corporation utilizing data collected by the credit bureaus. 
 FINRA: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
 Firm: JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 Forward points: Represents the interest rate differential between two currencies, which is either added to or subtracted from the current exchange rate (i.e., spot rate to determine the forward exchange rate. 
 FRC: Firmwide Risk Committee 
 Freddie Mac: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 Free standing derivatives: a derivative contract entered into either separate and apart from any of the Firm s other financial instruments or equity transactions. Or, in conjunction with some other transaction and is legally detachable and separately exercisable. 
 FSB: Financial Stability Board 
 FTE: Fully taxable equivalent 

298 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

 FVA: Funding valuation adjustment 
 FX: Foreign exchange 
 G7: Group of Seven nations: Countries in the G7 are Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the U.K. and the U.S. 
 G7 government bonds: Bonds issued by the government of one of the G7 nations. 
 Ginnie Mae: Government National Mortgage Association 
 GSIB: Global systemically important banks 
 HELOC: Home equity line of credit 
 Home equity senior lien: Represents loans and commitments where JPMorgan Chase holds the first security interest on the property. 
 Home equity junior lien: Represents loans and commitments where JPMorgan Chase holds a security interest that is subordinate in rank to other liens. 
 Households: A household is a collection of individuals or entities aggregated together by name, address, tax identifier and phone number. 
 HQLA: High-quality liquid assets consist of cash and certain high-quality liquid securities as defined in the LCR rule. 
 HTM: Held-to-maturity 
 IBOR: Interbank Offered Rate 
 ICAAP: Internal capital adequacy assessment process 
 IDI: Insured depository institutions 
 IHC : JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company 
 Investment-grade: An indication of credit quality based on JPMorgan Chase s internal risk assessment. The Firm considers ratings of BBB-/Baa3 or higher as investment-grade. 
 IPO: Initial public offering 
 ISDA: International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
 JPMorgan Chase: JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.: JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 
 JPMorgan Chase Foundation or the Firm s Foundation: A not-for-profit organization that makes contributions for charitable and educational purposes. 
 JPMorgan Securities: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
 JPMSE: J.P. Morgan SE 
 LCR: Liquidity coverage ratio 
 LDA: Loss Distribution Approach 
 LGD: Loss given default 
 LIBOR: London Interbank Offered Rate 

LLC: Limited Liability Company 
 LOB: Line of business 
 LOB CROs : Line of Business and CTC Chief Risk Officers 
 LTIP: Long-term incentive plan 
 LTV: Loan-to-value : For residential real estate loans, the relationship, expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the appraised value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate) securing the loan. 
 Origination date LTV ratio 
 The LTV ratio at the origination date of the loan. Origination date LTV ratios are calculated based on the actual appraised values of collateral (i.e., loan-level data) at the origination date. 
 Current estimated LTV ratio 
 An estimate of the LTV as of a certain date. The current estimated LTV ratios are calculated using estimated collateral values derived from a nationally recognized home price index measured at the metropolitan statistical area MSA level. These MSA-level home price indices consist of actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. As a result, the estimated collateral values used to calculate these ratios do not represent actual appraised loan-level collateral values; as such, the resulting LTV ratios are necessarily imprecise and should therefore be viewed as estimates. 
 Combined LTV ratio 
 The LTV ratio considering all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. Combined LTV ratios are used for junior lien home equity products. 
 Macro businesses: the macro businesses include Rates, Currencies and Emerging Markets, Fixed Income Financing and Commodities in CIB's Fixed Income Markets. 
 Managed basis: A non-GAAP presentation of Firmwide financial results that includes reclassifications to present revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. Management also uses this financial measure at the segment level, because it believes this provides information to enable investors to understand the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitates a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors. 
 Markets: consists of CIB s Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets businesses. 
 Master netting agreement: A single agreement with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that agreement to be terminated or accelerated and settled through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default (e.g., bankruptcy, failure to make a required payment or securities transfer or deliver collateral or margin when due). 
 MBS: Mortgage-backed securities 
 MD A: Management s discussion and analysis 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 299 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

 Measurement alternative: Measures equity securities without readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment (if any), plus or minus observable price changes from an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. 
 Merchant Services: offers merchants payment processing capabilities, fraud and risk management, data and analytics, and other payments services. Through Merchant Services, merchants of all sizes can accept payments via credit and debit cards and payments in multiple currencies. 
 MEV: Macroeconomic variable 
 Moody s: Moody s Investor Services 
 Mortgage origination channels: 
 Retail Borrowers who buy or refinance a home through direct contact with a mortgage banker employed by the Firm using a branch office, the Internet or by phone. Borrowers are frequently referred to a mortgage banker by a banker in a Chase branch, real estate brokers, home builders or other third parties. 
 Correspondent Banks, thrifts, other mortgage banks and other financial institutions that sell closed loans to the Firm. 
 Mortgage product types: 
 Alt-A 
 Alt-A loans are generally higher in credit quality than subprime loans but have characteristics that would disqualify the borrower from a traditional prime loan. Alt-A lending characteristics may include one or more of the following: (i) limited documentation; (ii) a high CLTV ratio; (iii) loans secured by non-owner occupied properties; or (iv) a debt-to-income ratio above normal limits. A substantial proportion of the Firm s Alt-A loans are those where a borrower does not provide complete documentation of his or her assets or the amount or source of his or her income. 
 Option ARMs 
 The option ARM real estate loan product is an adjustable-rate mortgage loan that provides the borrower with the option each month to make a fully amortizing, interest-only or minimum payment. The minimum payment on an option ARM loan is based on the interest rate charged during the introductory period. This introductory rate is usually significantly below the fully indexed rate. The fully indexed rate is calculated using an index rate plus a margin. Once the introductory period ends, the contractual interest rate charged on the loan increases to the fully indexed rate and adjusts monthly to reflect movements in the index. The minimum payment is typically insufficient to cover interest accrued in the prior month, and any unpaid interest is deferred and added to the principal balance of the loan. Option ARM loans are subject to payment recast, which converts the loan to a variable-rate fully amortizing loan upon meeting specified loan balance and anniversary date triggers. 
 Prime 
 Prime mortgage loans are made to borrowers with good credit records who meet specific underwriting 

requirements, including prescriptive requirements related to income and overall debt levels. New prime mortgage borrowers provide full documentation and generally have reliable payment histories. 
 Subprime 
 Subprime loans are loans that, prior to mid-2008, were offered to certain customers with one or more high risk characteristics, including but not limited to: (i) unreliable or poor payment histories; (ii) a high LTV ratio of greater than 80 (without borrower-paid mortgage insurance); (iii) a high debt-to-income ratio; (iv) an occupancy type for the loan is other than the borrower s primary residence; or (v) a history of delinquencies or late payments on the loan. 
 MREL: Minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
 MSA: Metropolitan statistical areas 
 MSR: Mortgage servicing rights 
 Multi-asset: Any fund or account that allocates assets under management to more than one asset class. 
 NA: Data is not applicable or available for the period presented. 
 NAV: Net Asset Value 
 Net Capital Rule: Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate: Represents net charge-offs/(recoveries) (annualized) divided by average retained loans for the reporting period. 
 Net interchange income includes the following components: 
 Interchange income : Fees earned by credit and debit card issuers on sales transactions. 
 Reward costs : The cost to the Firm for points earned by cardholders enrolled in credit card rewards programs generally tied to sales transactions. 
 Partner payments : Payments to co-brand credit card partners based on the cost of loyalty program rewards earned by cardholders on credit card transactions. 
 Net mortgage servicing revenue: Includes operating revenue earned from servicing third-party mortgage loans, which is recognized over the period in which the service is provided; changes in the fair value of MSRs; the impact of risk management activities associated with MSRs; and gains and losses on securitization of excess mortgage servicing. Net mortgage servicing revenue also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments of certain repurchased loans insured by U.S. government agencies. 
 Net revenue rate: Represents Card Services net revenue (annualized) expressed as a percentage of average loans for the period. 

300 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

 Net yield on interest-earning assets: The average rate for interest-earning assets less the average rate paid for all sources of funds. 
 NFA: National Futures Association 
 NM: Not meaningful 
 NOL: Net operating loss 
 Nonaccrual loans: Loans for which interest income is not recognized on an accrual basis. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government agencies) are placed on nonaccrual status when full payment of principal and interest is not expected, regardless of delinquency status, or when principal and interest have been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. Collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on nonaccrual status. 
 Nonperforming assets: Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, nonperforming derivatives and certain assets acquired in loan satisfaction, predominantly real estate owned and other commercial and personal property. 
 NOW: Negotiable Order of Withdrawal 
 NSFR: Net Stable Funding Ratio 
 OAS: Option-adjusted spread 
 OCC: Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 OCI: Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 OPEB: Other postretirement employee benefit 
 Over-the-counter OTC derivatives: Derivative contracts that are negotiated, executed and settled bilaterally between two derivative counterparties, where one or both counterparties is a derivatives dealer. 
 Over-the-counter cleared OTC-cleared derivatives: Derivative contracts that are negotiated and executed bilaterally, but subsequently settled via a central clearing house, such that each derivative counterparty is only exposed to the default of that clearing house. 
 Overhead ratio: Noninterest expense as a percentage of total net revenue. 
 Parent Company: JPMorgan Chase Co. 
 Participating securities: Represents unvested share-based compensation awards containing nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (collectively, dividends ), which are included in the earnings per share calculation using the two-class method. JPMorgan Chase grants RSUs to certain employees under its share-based compensation programs, which entitle the recipients to receive nonforfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to the dividends paid to holders of common stock. These unvested awards meet the definition of participating securities. Under the two-class method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to 

each class of common stock and participating securities, based on their respective rights to receive dividends. 
 PCA: Prompt corrective action 
 PCAOB: Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
 PCD : Purchased credit deteriorated assets represent acquired financial assets that as of the date of acquisition have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination, as determined by the Firm. 
 PD: Probability of default 
 Pillar 1: The Basel framework consists of a three Pillar approach. Pillar 1 establishes minimum capital requirements, defines eligible capital instruments, and prescribes rules for calculating RWA. 
 Pillar 3: The Basel framework consists of a three Pillar approach. Pillar 3 encourages market discipline through disclosure requirements which allow market participants to assess the risk and capital profiles of banks. 
 PPP: Paycheck Protection Program under the Small Business Association SBA 
 PRA: Prudential Regulation Authority 
 Pre-provision profit/(loss): Represents total net revenue less noninterest expense. The Firm believes that this financial measure is useful in assessing the ability of a lending institution to generate income in excess of its provision for credit losses. 
 Pre-tax margin: Represents income before income tax expense divided by total net revenue, which is, in management s view, a comprehensive measure of pretax performance derived by measuring earnings after all costs are taken into consideration. It is one basis upon which management evaluates the performance of AWM against the performance of their respective competitors. 
 Principal transactions revenue: Principal transactions revenue is driven by many factors, including: 
 the bid-offer spread, which is the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing and able to sell an instrument to the Firm and the price at which another market participant is willing and able to buy it from the Firm, and vice versa; and 
 realized and unrealized gains and losses on financial instruments and commodities transactions, including those accounted for under the fair value option, primarily used in client-driven market-making activities, and on private equity investments. 
 Realized gains and losses result from the sale of instruments, closing out or termination of transactions, or interim cash payments. 
 Unrealized gains and losses result from changes in valuation. 
 In connection with its client-driven market-making activities, the Firm transacts in debt and equity instruments, derivatives and commodities, including 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 301 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

 physical commodities inventories and financial instruments that reference commodities. 
 Principal transactions revenue also includes realized and unrealized gains and losses related to: 
 derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships, primarily fair value hedges of commodity and foreign exchange risk; 
 derivatives used for specific risk management purposes, primarily to mitigate credit, foreign exchange and interest rate risks. 
 Production revenue: Includes fees and income recognized as earned on mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell, and the impact of risk management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline and warehouse loans. Production revenue also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held-for-sale (excluding certain repurchased loans insured by U.S. government agencies), and changes in the fair value of financial instruments measured under the fair value option. 
 PSUs: Performance share units 
 Regulatory VaR: Daily aggregated VaR calculated in accordance with regulatory rules. 
 REO: Real estate owned 
 Reported basis: Financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP, which excludes the impact of taxable-equivalent adjustments. 
 Retained loans: Loans that are held-for-investment (i.e., excludes loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value). 
 Revenue wallet: Proportion of fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry (i.e., the revenue wallet) from investment banking transactions in M A, equity and debt underwriting, and loan syndications. Source: Dealogic, a third-party provider of investment banking competitive analysis and volume-based league tables for the above noted industry products. 
 RHS: Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture 
 ROA: Return on assets 
 ROE: Return on equity 
 ROTCE: Return on tangible common equity 
 ROU assets: Right-of-use assets 
 RSU(s): Restricted stock units 
 RWA: Risk-weighted assets : Basel III establishes two comprehensive approaches for calculating RWA (a Standardized approach and an Advanced approach) which include capital requirements for credit risk, market risk, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, also operational risk. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive 

approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced. 
 S P: Standard and Poor s 500 Index 
 SA-CCR: Standardized Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk 
 SAR as it pertains to Hong Kong: Special Administrative Region 
 SAR(s) as it pertains to employee stock awards: Stock appreciation rights 
 SCB: Stress Capital Buffer 
 Scored portfolios: Consumer loan portfolios that predominantly include residential real estate loans, credit card loans, auto loans to individuals and certain small business loans. 
 SEC: Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Securities financing agreements: Include resale, repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned agreements 
 Seed capital: Initial JPMorgan capital invested in products, such as mutual funds, with the intention of ensuring the fund is of sufficient size to represent a viable offering to clients, enabling pricing of its shares, and allowing the manager to develop a track record. After these goals are achieved, the intent is to remove the Firm s capital from the investment. 
 Shelf securities: Securities registered with the SEC under a shelf registration statement that have not been issued, offered or sold. These securities are not included in league tables until they have actually been issued. 
 Single-name: Single reference-entities 
 SLR: Supplementary leverage ratio 
 SMBS: Stripped mortgage-backed securities 
 SOFR: Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 SPEs: Special purpose entities 
 Structural interest rate risk: Represents interest rate risk of the non-trading assets and liabilities of the Firm. 
 Structured notes: Structured notes are financial instruments whose cash flows are linked to the movement in one or more indexes, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodities prices, prepayment rates, underlying reference pool of loans or other market variables. The notes typically contain embedded (but not separable or detachable) derivatives. Contractual cash flows for principal, interest, or both can vary in amount and timing throughout the life of the note based on non-traditional 

302 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

 indexes or non-traditional uses of traditional interest rates or indexes. 
 Taxable-equivalent basis: In presenting results on a managed basis, the total net revenue for each of the business segments and the Firm is presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in managed basis results on a level comparable to taxable investments and securities; the corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. 
 TBVPS: Tangible book value per share 
 TCE: Tangible common equity 
 TDR: Troubled debt restructuring is deemed to occur when the Firm modifies the original terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty. Loans with short-term and other insignificant modifications that are not considered concessions are not TDRs. 
 TLAC: Total loss-absorbing capacity 
 U.K. : United Kingdom 
 Unaudited : Financial statements and/or information that have not been subject to auditing procedures by an independent registered public accounting firm. 
 U.S.: United States of America 
 U.S. GAAP: Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 
 U.S. government agencies : U.S. government agencies include, but are not limited to, agencies such as Ginnie Mae and FHA, and do not include Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac which are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises U.S. GSEs ). In general, obligations of U.S. government agencies are fully and explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government in the event of a default. 
 U.S. GSE(s) : U.S. government-sponsored enterprises are quasi-governmental, privately-held entities established or chartered by the U.S. government to serve public purposes as specified by the U.S. Congress to improve the flow of credit to specific sectors of the economy and provide certain essential services to the public. U.S. GSEs include Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but do not include Ginnie Mae or FHA. U.S. GSE obligations are not explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. 
 U.S. Treasury: U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 VA: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs 
 VaR: Value-at-risk is a measure of the dollar amount of potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment. 
 VCG: Valuation Control Group 

VGF: Valuation Governance Forum 
 VIEs: Variable interest entities 
 Warehouse loans: Consist of prime mortgages originated with the intent to sell that are accounted for at fair value and classified as loans. 

JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 
 303 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on behalf of the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. (Registrant) By: /s/ JAMES DIMON 
 
 (James Dimon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) February 21, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the date indicated. JPMorgan Chase Co. does not exercise the power of attorney to sign on behalf of any Director. 
 Capacity Date /s/ JAMES DIMON Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (James Dimon) /s/ LINDA B. BAMMANN Director (Linda B. Bammann) /s/ STEPHEN B. BURKE Director (Stephen B. Burke) /s/ TODD A. COMBS Director (Todd A. Combs) /s/ JAMES S. CROWN Director February 21, 2023 (James S. Crown) /s/ TIMOTHY P. FLYNN Director (Timothy P. Flynn) /s/ ALEX GORSKY Director (Alex Gorsky) /s/ MELLODY HOBSON Director (Mellody Hobson) /s/ MICHAEL A. NEAL Director (Michael A. Neal) /s/ PHEBE N. NOVAKOVIC Director (Phebe N. Novakovic) /s/ VIRGINIA M. ROMETTY Director (Virginia M. Rometty) /s/ JEREMY BARNUM Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Jeremy Barnum) (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ ELENA KORABLINA Managing Director and Firmwide Controller (Elena Korablina) (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 304 
 JPMorgan Chase Co./2022 Form 10-K 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 corp10k2022exhibit46.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 

Exhibit 4.6 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of the filing date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit is attached (the Form 10-K ), the following outstanding securities issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (i) common stock (ii) six series of preferred stock represented by depositary shares (iii) the Alerian MLP Index ETN due May 24, 2024 and (iv) JPMorgan Chase & Co. s guarantee of the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due June 10, 2032 issued by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC. All references herein to JPMorgan Chase, we or us are to JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following summary is not complete. You should refer to the applicable provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws, each of which are incorporated by reference as Exhibits to the Form 10-K, and to the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), for a complete statement of the terms and rights of our common stock, par value 1.00 per share, which we refer to herein as common stock. We encourage you to read our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which we refer to herein as our certificate of incorporation, By-laws and the relevant provisions of the DGCL for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Shares 
 We are authorized to issue up to 9,000,000,000 shares of common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends if, as and when declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for payment, subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock under its applicable certificate of designations and applicable law, all voting rights are vested in the holders of shares of our common stock. Holders of shares of our common stock have noncumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect 100 of the directors and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 
 Rights Upon Liquidation 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share equally in any of our assets available for distribution after we have paid in full all of our debts and after the holders of all series of our outstanding preferred stock have received their liquidation preferences in full. 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 The issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of shares of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or to the benefit of any sinking funds. Our common stock is not convertible into shares of any other class of our capital stock. Computershare Inc. is the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursement agent for our common stock. 
 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the trading symbol JPM . 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF LISTED PREFERRED STOCK 
 The following summary is not complete. You should refer to our certificate of incorporation and to the Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights relating to each series of Listed Preferred Stock (as defined below), which we refer to herein as a certificate of designations, for the complete terms of that series of preferred stock. Copies of our certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designations for each series of Listed Preferred Stock are incorporated by reference as Exhibits to the Form 10-K. We encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation and the relevant certificates of designations for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Shares 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is authorized, without further stockholder action, to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 1 par value per share, which we refer herein to as preferred stock, in one or more series, and to determine the voting powers and the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each series. We may amend our certificate of incorporation to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of preferred stock in a manner permitted by our certificate of incorporation and the DGCL. 

Outstanding Preferred Stock 
 As of the filing date of the Form 10-K, we have 18 series of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The shares of each series of our preferred stock are represented by depositary shares, with each depositary share representing a fractional interest in a share of preferred stock of the relevant series. Of the 18 series of our issued and outstanding preferred stock, depositary shares representing the following six series of preferred stock are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, with each depositary share representing a 1 400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the relevant series 
 a. 5.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series DD 
 b. 6.00 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series EE 
 c. 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series GG 
 d. 4.55 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series JJ 
 e. 4.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series LL and 
 f. 4.20 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series MM. 
 We refer to the above six series of preferred stock herein collectively as the Listed Preferred Stock . 
 The Listed Preferred Stock is fully paid and nonassessable. 
 The terms of the depositary shares are summarized below under Description of Depositary Shares . 
 
 Ranking 
 The Listed Preferred Stock ranks, as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, on a parity with any series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the Listed Preferred Stock and senior to our common stock and to any series of preferred stock ranking junior to the Listed Preferred Stock. The Listed Preferred Stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 Holders of the Listed Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board, cash dividends at the rates and on the dates described below under Specific Terms of Listed Preferred Stock . We will pay each dividend to the holders of record as they appear on our stock register on record dates determined by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board. Dividends on the Listed Preferred Stock are noncumulative. If a dividend is not declared on any series of Listed Preferred Stock, because the dividends are noncumulative, then the right of holders of that series to receive that dividend will be lost, and we will have no obligation to pay the dividend for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any future dividend period. 
 We may not declare or pay or set aside for payment full dividends on any series of preferred stock ranking, as to dividends, equally with or junior to a series of Listed Preferred Stock unless we have previously declared and paid or set aside for payment, or we contemporaneously declare and pay or set aside for payment, full dividends on that series of Listed Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period. When dividends are not paid in full on a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with that series, all dividends declared and paid upon the shares of that series of Listed Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the that series will be declared and paid pro rata. For purposes of calculating the pro rata allocation of partial dividend payments, we will allocate dividend payments based on the ratio between the then-current dividends due on shares of that Listed Preferred Stock and (i) in the case of any series of non-cumulative preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with that Listed Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the current and unpaid dividends due on such series of preferred stock and (ii) in the case of any series of cumulative preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with that Listed Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the current and accumulated and unpaid dividends due on such series of preferred stock. 
 In addition, unless full dividends on all outstanding shares of the Listed Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such payment in respect of the applicable most recently completed dividend period, with respect to a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock 
 a. no dividend (other than a dividend in common stock or in any other capital stock ranking junior to that Listed Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up) will be declared or paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such payment or other distribution declared or made upon our common stock or upon any other capital stock ranking junior to that Listed Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, and 
 b. no common stock or other capital stock ranking junior or equally with that Listed Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of any such capital stock) by us, except 
 
 i. by conversion into or exchange for capital stock ranking junior to that Listed Preferred Stock 
 ii. as a result of reclassification into capital stock ranking junior to that Listed Preferred Stock 
 iii. through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of shares of capital stock ranking junior to that Listed Preferred Stock or, in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with that Listed Preferred Stock, 

through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of capital stock ranking on a parity with that Listed Preferred Stock 
 iv. in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with that Listed Preferred Stock, pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all or a pro rata portion of the shares of that Listed Preferred Stock and such capital stock ranking on a parity with that Listed Preferred Stock 
 v. in connection with the satisfaction of our obligations pursuant to any contract entered into in the ordinary course prior to the beginning of the most recently completed dividend period or 
 vi. any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of capital stock ranking junior to that Listed Preferred Stock pursuant to any of our or our subsidiaries employee, consultant or director incentive or benefit plans or arrangements (including any employment, severance or consulting arrangements) adopted before or after the issuance of that Listed Preferred Stock). 
 However, the foregoing will not restrict our ability or the ability of any of our affiliates to engage in underwriting, stabilization, market-making or similar transactions in our capital stock in the ordinary course of business. Subject to the conditions described above, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, capital stock, or otherwise), as may be determined by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the Listed Preferred Stock from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of the Listed Preferred Stock will not be entitled to participate in those dividends. 
 As used herein, junior to a series of Listed Preferred Stock and like terms refer to our common stock and any other class or series of our capital stock over which the Listed Preferred Stock has preference or priority, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require parity preferred stock and on a parity with a series of Listed Preferred Stock and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks on a parity with the shares of a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require and senior to a series of Listed Preferred Stock and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks senior to a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require. 
 We will compute the amount of dividends payable by annualizing the applicable dividend rate and dividing by the number of dividend periods in a year, except that the amount of dividends payable for any period greater or less than a full dividend period, other than the initial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months and, for any period less than a full month, the actual number of days elapsed in the period. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. 
 
 Rights Upon Liquidation 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of each series of Listed Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive and to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders the amount of 10,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, before we make any distribution of assets to the holders of our common stock or any other class or series of shares ranking junior to the Listed Preferred Stock of such series. After the payment to such holders of the full preferential amounts to which they are entitled, such holders will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
 
 If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, we fail to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock, and any stock having the same rank as that series, the holders of that series and of that other stock will share ratably in any such distribution of our assets in proportion to the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. For any series of Listed Preferred Stock, neither the sale of all or substantially all of our property or business, nor our merger or consolidation into or with any other entity will be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, voluntary of or involuntary, of us. 
 Because we are a holding company, our rights and the rights of our creditors and our stockholders, including the holders of the Listed Preferred Stock, to participate in the assets of any of our subsidiaries upon that subsidiary s liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or recapitalization may be subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors, except to the extent that we are a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. 
 Holders of the Listed Preferred Stock are subordinate to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims on us and our assets, including in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. In addition, holders of the Listed Preferred Stock may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
 
 Redemption 
 We may redeem each series of Listed Preferred Stock on the dates and at the redemption prices set forth below under Specific Terms of Listed Preferred Stock . In addition, we may redeem each series of Listed Preferred Stock in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 10,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, 

following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For these purposes, capital treatment event means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a result of any 
 a. amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of Listed Preferred Stock 
 b. proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of Listed Preferred Stock or 
 c. official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of Listed Preferred Stock, 
 there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the full liquidation amount of all shares of such series of Listed Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional Tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of such series of Listed Preferred Stock is outstanding. Redemption of any Listed Preferred Stock may be subject to our receipt of any required approvals from the Federal Reserve Board or any other regulatory authority. 
 If we elect to redeem shares of a series of Listed Preferred Stock, we will provide notice by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of such shares to be redeemed. Such mailing will be at least 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. Any notice so mailed will be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives such notice, but failure to duly give such notice by mail, or any defect in such notice or in the mailing thereof, to any holder of shares of the series designated for redemption will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other shares of that series. Each notice of redemption will state 
 a. the redemption date 
 b. the number of shares of the series of Listed Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder 
 c. the redemption price 
 d. the place or places where the certificates representing such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and 
 e. that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the series of Listed Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or DTC , we may give such notice in any manner permitted or required by DTC. For each series of Listed Preferred Stock, neither the holders of a series nor the holders of the related depositary shares have the right to require redemption of such series of Listed Preferred Stock. 
 In the case of any redemption of only part of the shares a series of Listed Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares of the series to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata from the holders of record of that series in proportion to the number of shares held by such holders or by lot. From and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accumulate on the shares of Listed Preferred Stock called for redemption up to the redemption date and all rights of the holders of those shares, except the right to receive the redemption price, will cease. 
 In the event that we fail to pay full dividends, including accumulated but unpaid dividends, if any, on any series of Listed Preferred Stock, we may not redeem that series in part and we may not purchase or acquire any shares of that series, except by a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to all holders of that series. 
 
 Preemptive and Conversion Rights 
 The Listed Preferred Stock is not subject to any preemptive rights and is not convertible into property or shares of any other class or series of our capital stock. 
 
 Depositary, Transfer Agent, and Registrar 
 Computershare Inc. is the depositary, transfer agent and registrar for each series of the Listed Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as indicated below or except as expressly required by applicable law, the holders of the Listed Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote. Each share of Listed Preferred Stock a series is entitled to one vote on matters on which holders of that series are entitled to vote. The voting power of each series of Listed Preferred Stock depends on the number of shares in that series, and not on the aggregate liquidation preference or initial offering price of the shares of that series. 
 
 If, at any time or times, the equivalent of an aggregate of six quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive, for any series of Listed Preferred Stock has not been paid, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically increased by two and the holders of each outstanding series of Listed Preferred Stock with such voting rights, together with holders of such other shares of any other class or series of parity preferred stock outstanding at the time upon which like voting rights have been conferred 

and are exercisable, which we refer to as voting parity stock, voting together as a class, will be entitled to elect those additional two directors, which we refer to as preferred directors, at that annual meeting and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until full dividends have been paid for at least four quarterly consecutive dividend periods. At that time such right will terminate, except as expressly provided in the applicable certificate of designations or by law, subject to revesting. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of the Listed Preferred Stock and voting parity stock as a class to vote for directors as provided above, the preferred directors will cease to be qualified as directors, the term of office of all preferred directors then in office will terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors will be reduced by the number of preferred directors elected. Any preferred director may be removed and replaced at any time, with cause as provided by law or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of the Listed Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with the holders of shares of voting parity stock, to the extent the voting rights of such holders described above are then exercisable. Any vacancy created by removal with or without cause may be filled only as described in the preceding sentence. If the office of any preferred director becomes vacant for any reason other than removal, the remaining preferred director may choose a successor who will hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 
 
 So long as any shares of a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock remains outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of that series and any voting parity stock, voting together as a class, authorize, create or issue any capital stock ranking senior to that series as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or reclassify any authorized capital stock into any such shares of such capital stock or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares of capital stock. So long as any shares of a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of that series, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the applicable certificate of designations or our certificate of incorporation, including by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of that series. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following will be deemed to adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of any series of Listed Preferred Stock 
 a. any increase in the amount of authorized common stock or authorized preferred stock, or any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, or the authorization, creation and issuance of other classes or series of capital stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to that series of Listed Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
 b. a merger or consolidation of JPMorgan Chase with or into another entity in which the shares of that series remain outstanding and 
 c. a merger or consolidation of JPMorgan Chase with or into another entity in which the shares of the that series are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving entity or any entity, directly or indirectly, controlling such surviving entity and such new preference securities have powers, preferences and special rights that are not materially less favorable than that series 
 provided that if the amendment would adversely affect such series but not any other series of preferred stock outstanding, then the amendment will only need to be approved by holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the series of Listed Preferred Stock adversely affected. 
 
 In exercising the voting rights described above or when otherwise granted voting rights by operation of law or by us, each share of Listed Preferred Stock with respect to a series will be entitled to one vote (equivalent to 1 400 th of a vote per relevant depositary share). 
 
 If we redeem or call for redemption all outstanding shares of a series of Listed Preferred Stock and irrevocably deposit in trust sufficient funds to effect such redemption, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required or upon which the holders of such series will be entitled to vote will be effected, the voting provisions described above will not apply. 
 
 Our board of directors may also from time to time, without notice to or consent of holders of a series of Listed Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of such series. Delaware law provides that the holders of preferred stock will have the right to vote separately as a class on any amendment to our certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of designations) that would increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of such class, increase or decrease the par value of such class or adversely affect the powers, preferences and special rights of the shares of preferred stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as permitted by law, our certificate of incorporation provides that any increase or decrease in our authorized capital stock may be adopted by the affirmative vote of holders of capital stock representing not less than a majority of the voting power represented by the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote. If any proposed amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of one or more series of preferred stock so as to affect them adversely, but would not so affect the entire class of preferred stock, only the shares of the series so affected will be considered a separate class for purposes of this vote on the amendment. This right is in addition to any voting rights that may be provided for in our certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of designations). 

Under regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board, if the holders of any series of our preferred stock become entitled to vote for the election of directors because dividends on that series are in arrears, that series may then be deemed a class of voting securities. In such a case, a holder of 25 or more of the series, or a holder of 5 or more if that holder would also be considered to exercise a controlling influence over JPMorgan Chase, may then be subject to regulation as a bank holding company in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act. In addition, (1) any other bank holding company may be required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire or retain 5 or more of that series, and (2) any person other than a bank holding company may be required to provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board prior to acquiring or retaining 10 or more of that series. 
 
 Description of Depositary Shares 
 The following summary of the terms of the depositary shares representing each series of the Listed Preferred Stock is not complete. You should refer to each of the deposit agreements among us, the depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares relating to each series of the Listed Preferred Stock for the complete terms of those depositary shares. Each of those deposit agreements has been filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed in connection with the issuance of the depositary shares representing each series of the Listed Preferred Stock. 
 General. Each depositary share represents a 1 400 th interest in a share of the relevant series of Listed Preferred Stock, and is evidenced by depositary receipts. In connection with the issuance of each series of Listed Preferred Stock, we deposited shares of that series of Listed Preferred Stock with Computershare Inc., as depositary under the deposit agreement relating to that series of Listed Preferred Stock. Subject to the terms of each deposit agreement, the depositary shares are entitled to all the powers, preferences and special rights of the relevant series of Listed Preferred Stock, as applicable, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Listed Preferred Stock those depositary shares represent. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions. Each dividend payable on a depositary share will be in an amount equal to 1 400 th of the dividend declared and payable on the related share of the Listed Preferred Stock. 
 
 The depositary will distribute all dividends and other cash distributions received on the relevant series of Listed Preferred Stock to the holders of record of the related depositary receipts in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the depositary receipts as nearly as practicable in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that this distribution is not feasible, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of the property and distribution of the net proceeds of that sale to the holders of the depositary receipts. 
 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the related shares of Listed Preferred Stock. 
 
 The amount paid as dividends or otherwise distributable by the depositary with respect to the depositary shares or the underlying Listed Preferred Stock will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by us or the depositary on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 
 Redemption of Depositary Shares. If we redeem a series of Listed Preferred Stock, in whole or from time to time in part, the corresponding depositary shares also will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Listed Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be 1 400 th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Listed Preferred Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
 
 If we redeem shares of a series of Listed Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing those shares of the Listed Preferred Stock so redeemed. If we redeem less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary will select pro rata or by lot those depositary shares to be redeemed. The depositary will mail notice of redemption to record holders of the depositary receipts not less than 30 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Listed Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares. 
 The redemption of depositary shares that are held in book-entry form through DTC will be effected in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC. 
 
 Voting the Listed Preferred Stock. Because each depositary share represents a 1 400 th interest in a share of Listed Preferred Stock, holders of depositary receipts will be entitled to 1 400 th of a vote per depositary share under those limited circumstances in which holders of the Listed Preferred Stock are entitled to a vote. 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of a series of Listed Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to that Listed Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for 

the applicable Listed Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Listed Preferred Stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent practicable, the depositary will vote the amount of the Listed Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Listed Preferred Stock, it will abstain from voting with respect to such shares. 
 
 Withdrawal of Listed Preferred Stock. Underlying shares of Listed Preferred Stock may be withdrawn from the depositary arrangement upon surrender of depositary receipts at the depositary s office and upon payment of the taxes, charges and fees provided for in the deposit agreement. Subject to the terms of the relevant deposit agreement, the holder of depositary receipts will receive the appropriate number of shares of Listed Preferred Stock represented by such depositary shares. Only whole shares of Listed Preferred Stock may be withdrawn if a holder holds an amount other than a whole multiple of 400 depositary shares, the depositary will deliver along with the withdrawn shares of Listed Preferred Stock a new depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of depositary shares. Holders of withdrawn shares of Listed Preferred Stock will not be entitled to redeposit such shares or to receive depositary shares. 
 
 Form and Notices. Each series of Listed Preferred Stock was issued in registered form to the depositary, and the depositary shares representing that Listed Preferred Stock were issued in book-entry only form through DTC. The depositary will forward to the holders of depositary shares all reports, notices, and communications from us that are delivered to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the Listed Preferred Stock. 
 
 Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement . We and the depositary may amend any form of depositary receipt evidencing depositary shares and any provision of any deposit agreement at any time regarding any depositary shares. However, any amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of depositary shares representing a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock or would be materially and adversely inconsistent with the rights granted to holders of that underlying Listed Preferred Stock pursuant to our certificate of incorporation will not be effective unless the amendment has been approved by the holders of at least a majority of the related depositary shares then outstanding. The deposit agreement relating to the depositary shares representing a particular series of Listed Preferred Stock may be terminated by us or by the depositary only if 
 a. all such outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed or 
 b. there has been a final distribution of the relevant underlying Listed Preferred Stock in connection with our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and the preferred stock has been distributed to the holders of depositary receipts. 
 
 Charges of Depositary. We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements regarding any depositary shares. We also pay charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of each series of Listed Preferred Stock and any redemption of the Listed Preferred Stock. Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer and other taxes and governmental charges and other charges with respect to their depositary receipts as expressly provided in the deposit agreement. 
 
 Resignation and Removal of Depositary. With respect to the depositary shares representing each series of Listed Preferred Stock, the depositary may resign at any time by delivering a notice to us of its election to do so. We may remove the depositary at any time. Any such resignation or removal will take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of its appointment. We must appoint a successor depositary within 60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or removal. 
 
 Miscellaneous. The depositary will forward to holders of applicable depositary receipts all reports and communications from us that we deliver to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the relevant Listed Preferred Stock. 
 
 Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if either of us is prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond our control in performing our respective obligations under any deposit agreement. Our obligations and those of the depositary will be limited to performing in good faith our respective duties under any deposit agreement. Neither we nor the depositary will be obligated to prosecute or defend any legal proceeding relating to any depositary shares or Listed Preferred Stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, or upon information provided by persons presenting preferred stock for deposit, holders of depositary receipts or other persons we believe to be competent, and on documents we believe to be genuine. 
 
 Specific Terms of Listed Preferred Stock 
 
 5.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series DD 
 On September 21, 2018, we issued an aggregate of 169,625 shares of 5.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series DD, 1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 10,000 per share (the Series DD Preferred Stock ). Shares of the Series DD Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 

Dividends. Dividends on the Series DD Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 5.75 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2018. Dividends on the Series DD Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
 Redemption. The Series DD Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after December 1, 2023, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to 10,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series DD Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a capital treatment event, as described above. 
 
 Listing . The depositary shares representing the Series DD Preferred Stock are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol JPM PR D . 
 
 6.00 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series EE 
 On January 24, 2019, we issued an aggregate of 185,000 shares of 6.00 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series EE, 1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 10,000 per share (the Series EE Preferred Stock ). Shares of the Series EE Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
 Dividends. Dividends on the Series EE Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.00 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2019. Dividends on the Series EE Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
 Redemption. The Series EE Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after March 1, 2024, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to 10,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series EE Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a capital treatment event, as described above. 
 Listing . The depositary shares representing the Series EE Preferred Stock are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol JPM PR C . 
 
 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series GG 
 On November 7, 2019, we issued an aggregate of 90,000 shares of 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series GG, 1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 10,000 per share (the Series GG Preferred Stock ). Shares of the Series GG Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
 Dividends. Dividends on the Series GG Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 4.75 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2020. Dividends on the Series GG Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
 Redemption. The Series GG Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after December 1, 2024, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to 10,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series GG Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a capital treatment event, as described above. 
 
 Listing . The depositary shares representing the Series GG Preferred Stock are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol JPM PR J . 
 
 4.55 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series JJ 
 On March 17, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 150,000 shares of 4.55 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series JJ, 1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 10,000 per share (the Series JJ Preferred Stock ). Shares of the Series JJ Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
 Dividends . Dividends on the Series JJ Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 4.55 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2021. Dividends on the Series JJ Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
 Redemption . The Series JJ Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after June 1, 2026, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to 10,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series JJ Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a capital treatment event, as described above. 
 
 Listing . The depositary shares representing the Series JJ Preferred Stock are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol JPM PR K . 

4.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series LL 
 On May 20, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 185,000 shares of 4.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series LL, 1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 10,000 per share (the Series LL Preferred Stock ). Shares of the Series LL Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
 
 Dividends . Dividends on the Series LL Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 4.625 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2021. Dividends on the Series LL Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
 Redemption . The Series LL Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after June 1, 2026, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to 10,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series LL Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a capital treatment event, as described above. 
 Listing . The depositary shares representing the Series LL Preferred Stock are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol JPM PR L . 
 
 4.20 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series MM 
 On July 29, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 200,000 shares of 4.20 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series MM, 1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 10,000 per share (the Series MM Preferred Stock ). Shares of the Series MM Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
 
 Dividends . Dividends on the Series MM Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 4.20 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2021. Dividends on the Series MM Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
 Redemption . The Series MM Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after September 1, 2026, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to 10,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series MM Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a capital treatment event, as described above. 
 
 Listing . The depositary shares representing the Series MM Preferred Stock are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol JPM PR M . 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE ALERIAN MLP INDEX ETNS DUE MAY 24, 2024 
 The following description of our Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024 (the Alerian ETNs is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture dated May 25, 2001 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the 2001 Indenture ), between JPMorgan Chase, as issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust Company), as trustee (the Trustee ), which is incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to the Form 10-K. We encourage you to read the 2001 Indenture for additional information. 
 
 General 
 In June 2012, the maximum number of Alerian ETNs authorized for issuance was set at 129,000,000, resulting in a maximum aggregate principal amount of 2,455,722,690. All of the Alerian ETNs authorized for issuance were issued as of June 2012. 10,000,000 Alerian ETNs were retired on December 16, 2015. Accordingly, since the retirement of these notes, the maximum number of Alerian ETNs authorized for issuance is 119,000,000 with an aggregate principal amount of 2,265,356,590, all of which has been issued and remain outstanding as of December 31, 2019. 
 The Alerian ETNs are linked to the Alerian MLP Index (the Index and are our unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and will rank pari passu with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The Alerian ETNs do not guarantee any return of principal at, or prior to, maturity or upon early repurchase. Any payment on the Alerian ETNs is subject to the credit risk of 
 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 The Alerian ETNs are part of a series of our debt securities entitled Global Medium-Term Notes, Series E (the Series E Notes that we may issue under the 2001 Indenture from time to time. For more information about the Series E Notes, please see the section titled General Terms of the Series E Notes below. 
 
 The Alerian ETNs are not bank deposits and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or by any other governmental agency, nor are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 

Unless otherwise specified, references herein to holders mean those in whose names the Alerian ETNs are registered on the books that we or the Trustee, or any successor trustee, as applicable, maintain for this purpose, and not those who own beneficial interests in the Alerian ETNs (registered in street name or otherwise). 
 
 Please see Certain Defined Terms below for an explanation of any capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined. 
 
 The Index 
 The return of the Alerian ETNs is linked to the performance of the Index. The Index measures the composite performance of energy-oriented Master Limited Partnerships, or MLPs, and is calculated and maintained by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (the Index Calculation Agent ), in consultation with GKD Index Partners, LLC (the Index Sponsor ), using a float-adjusted, market capitalization methodology. MLPs are limited partnerships primarily engaged in the exploration, marketing, mining, processing, production, refining, storage, or transportation of any mineral or natural resource. 
 
 Denominations 
 The Alerian ETNs are denominated in U.S. dollars in minimum denominations equal to the 19.03661 per note (the Principal Amount ), which is the amount equal to the Initial VWAP Level (defined below), divided by ten. 
 
 Coupon Payments and the Accrued Tracking Fee 
 For each Alerian ETN a holder holds on the applicable Coupon Record Date, holders will receive on each Coupon Payment Date the Coupon Amount, which is an amount in cash equal to the difference between (a) the Reference Distribution Amount (defined below), calculated as of the corresponding Coupon Valuation Date and (b) the Accrued Tracking Fee (defined below), calculated as of the corresponding Coupon Valuation Date. 
 
 The Accrued Tracking Fee accrues on a daily basis at a rate of 0.85 per annum, applied to the Daily Note Value as of the Index Business Day immediately preceding the corresponding Coupon Valuation Date. The Daily Note Value reflects the cumulative performance of the VWAP Level of the Index since April 1, 2009, which we refer to as the Inception Date. If the Daily Note Value increases, the Accrued Tracking Fee will increase, and if the Daily Note Value decreases, the Accrued Tracking Fee will decrease. The Daily Note Value is published on the Bloomberg Professional service Bloomberg under the ticker symbol AMJIVWAP and on Bloomberg.com under the ticker symbol AMJIVWAP IND. 
 
 On any Index Business Day, the VWAP Level reflects the weighted VWAPs of the Index Components, and the VWAP of each Index Component is the volume-weighted average price of one share of that Index Component as determined by the VWAP Calculation Agent based on the Primary Exchange for that Index Component. 
 
 To the extent the Reference Distribution Amount on any Coupon Valuation Date is less than the Accrued Tracking Fee on the corresponding Coupon Valuation Date, there will be no coupon payment made on the corresponding Coupon Payment Date, and an amount equal to the difference between the Accrued Tracking Fee and the Reference Distribution Amount (the Tracking Fee Shortfall will be included in the Accrued Tracking Fee for the next Coupon Valuation Date. This will be in addition to the accrual at a rate of 0.85 per annum over the quarter that has elapsed since the previous date of determination. This process will be repeated to the extent necessary until the Reference Distribution Amount for a Coupon Valuation Date is greater than the Accrued Tracking Fee for the corresponding Coupon Valuation Date (which includes the accumulated Tracking Fee Shortfall from all prior quarters). This process may also restart as necessary on a subsequent Coupon Valuation Date. Coupon payments on the Alerian ETNs will be payable quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth Index Business Day following each Coupon Valuation Date, provided that the final Coupon Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. The final Coupon Amount will be included in the Cash Settlement Amount. 
 
 Holders will receive no coupon payment on a Coupon Payment Date if the Reference Distribution Amount on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date is less than the Accrued Tracking Fee on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date. 
 
 On each Index Business Day, the Note Calculation Agent will calculate the value of the Coupon Amount as of the immediately preceding Index Business Day (treating that immediately preceding Index Business Day as if it were a Coupon Valuation Date), which we refer to as the interim accrued Coupon Amount, and will publish the interim accrued Coupon Amount on Bloomberg under the ticker symbol AMJEU and on Bloomberg.com under the ticker symbol AMJEU IND. While the interim accrued Coupon Amount is calculated and published in connection with each such Index Business Day, the actual Coupon Amount will be calculated and paid only once each quarter. 
 
 Payment Upon Early Repurchase 
 Subject to a holder's compliance with the procedures and the potential postponements and adjustments as described under Market Disruption Events below, that holder may submit a request once a week (generally on or before 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on Thursday) during the term of the Alerian ETNs to have us repurchase that holder's Alerian ETNs, provided that holder requests that 

we repurchase a minimum of 50,000 Alerian ETNs. If a holder requests that we repurchase that holder's Alerian ETNs, subject to the notification requirements and the other terms and conditions set forth under Repurchase Requirements below, for each Alerian ETN that holder will receive a cash payment on the relevant Repurchase Date equal to the Repurchase Amount. If the Repurchase Amount is 0 or less, the payment upon early repurchase will be 0. Because the Repurchase Amount is based on the value of the Index at the end of a five-day measurement period that begins after a repurchase request is received, holders will not know the Repurchase Amount they will receive at the time they elect to request that we repurchase their Alerian ETNs. 
 
 The Repurchase Amount is calculated by adjusting the Principal Amount to reflect 
 a. the return of the Index from the Initial VWAP Level to the Final VWAP Level 
 b. the deduction of the Accrued Tracking Fee 
 c. the deduction of the Repurchase Fee 
 d. the addition of other adjustments representing accrued but unpaid coupons, which include the following 
 a. the Coupon Amount with respect to the Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding the applicable Repurchase Valuation Date (generally the last Index Business Day of the week in which a repurchase is requested) if, on the last Index Business Day in the Repurchase Measurement Period the Coupon Ex-Date with respect to that Coupon Amount has not yet occurred. The Repurchase Measurement Period is a five-Index Business Day period commencing on the Repurchase Valuation Date during which the Final VWAP Level will be determined 
 b. an Adjusted Coupon Amount, if any, that reflects certain cash distributions on the Index Components with ex-dividend dates from and excluding the immediately preceding Coupon Valuation Date to and including the applicable Repurchase Valuation Date, less the Accrued Tracking Fee and 
 c. certain cash distributions on the Index Components with ex-dividend dates during the Repurchase Measurement Period. 
 
 For purposes of determining the Cash Settlement Amount, the Final VWAP Level will be the arithmetic mean of the VWAP Levels measured on each Index Business Day in the Repurchase Measurement Period, as calculated by the VWAP Calculation Agent. 
 
 The Repurchase Fee Amount is equal to 0.125 of the Principal Amount, adjusted to reflect 
 a. the return of the Index from the Initial VWAP Level to the Final VWAP Level 
 b. the deduction of the Accrued Tracking Fee and 
 c. the addition of certain cash distributions on the Index Components with ex-dividend dates during the Repurchase Measurement Period. 
 
 Accordingly, the Repurchase Fee Amount will vary based on the performance of the Index, the Accrued Tracking Fee and certain cash distributions on the Index Components with ex-dividend dates during the Repurchase Measurement Period. 
 
 Holders may lose some or all of their investment upon early repurchase. Because the Accrued Tracking Fee reduces their final payment, holders will likely lose some or all of their principal amount upon early repurchase if the Final VWAP Level is less than the Initial VWAP Level or if the Final VWAP Level is not greater than the Initial VWAP Level by an amount that is sufficient to offset the negative effect of the Accrued Tracking Fee and the Repurchase Fee. 
 
 Repurchase Requirements 
 To exercise the right to have us repurchase a holder's Alerian ETNs on a weekly basis, that holder must instruct that holder's broker or other person through whom that holder holds the Alerian ETNs to take the following steps 
 a. Send a notice of repurchase, substantially in the specified form (a Repurchase Notice ), to us via email at ETN_Repurchase jpmorgan.com by no later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, during the term of the Alerian ETNs, each week on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Repurchase Valuation Date (generally Thursday) 
 b. If we receive that holder's Repurchase Notice by the time specified in the preceding bullet point, we will respond by sending that holder a confirmation of repurchase, substantially in the specified form (a Repurchase Confirmation 
 c. Deliver the signed Repurchase Confirmation, in the specified form, to us via facsimile to (917) 456-3471, by 4 00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day on which that holder submitted that holder's Repurchase Notice. We or our affiliate must acknowledge receipt in order for that holder's Repurchase Confirmation to be effective 
 d. Instruct DTC custodian for that holder to book a delivery versus payment trade with respect to that holder's Alerian ETNs on the relevant Repurchase Valuation Date at a price equal to the applicable Repurchase Amount and 
 e. Cause that holder's DTC custodian to deliver the trade as booked for settlement via DTC at or prior to 10 00 a.m. New York City time on the relevant Repurchase Date. 
 
 Different brokerage firms may have different deadlines for accepting instructions from their customers. Accordingly, holders should consult the brokerage firm through which they own their interest in the offered Alerian ETNs in respect of such deadlines. If we do not receive a holder's Repurchase Notice by 11 00 a.m., or a holder's Repurchase Confirmation by 4 00 p.m., on the Business Day 

immediately preceding the applicable Repurchase Valuation Date, that holder's Repurchase Notice will not be effective and we will not repurchase that holder's Alerian ETNs on the relevant Repurchase Date. 
 
 The Note Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, resolve any questions that may arise as to the validity of a Repurchase Notice and the timing of receipt of a Repurchase Notice or as to whether and when the required deliveries have been made. Once given, a Repurchase Notice may not be revoked. 
 
 Expiration of Repurchase Rights 
 If we do not receive a holder's Repurchase Notice by 11 00 a.m., New York City time (as described under the first bullet point in Repurchase Requirements above), or a holder's Repurchase Confirmation by 4 00 p.m., New York City time (as described under the third bullet point in Repurchase Requirements above) on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Repurchase Valuation Date (generally Thursday), that holder's Repurchase Notice will not be effective and we will not repurchase that holder's Alerian ETNs on the relevant Repurchase Date. Any Repurchase Notice for which we (or our affiliate) receive a valid Repurchase Confirmation in accordance with the procedures described above will be irrevocable. 
 
 Payment at Maturity 
 For each Alerian ETN, unless earlier repurchased, holders will receive at maturity a cash payment equal to the Cash Settlement Amount. If the Cash Settlement Amount is 0 or less, the payment at maturity will be 0. 
 
 The Cash Settlement Amount is calculated by adjusting the Principal Amount to reflect 
 a. the return of the Index from the Initial VWAP Level to the Final VWAP Level 
 b. the addition of the final Coupon Amount, if any, 
 c. the deduction of the Accrued Tracking Fee and 
 d. the addition of certain cash distributions on the Index Components with ex-dividend dates during the Final Measurement Period. 
 
 The Final Measurement Period is a five Index Business Day period near the Maturity Date of the Alerian ETNs during which the Final VWAP Level will be determined. 
 
 For purposes of determining the Cash Settlement Amount, the Final VWAP Level will be the arithmetic mean of the VWAP Levels measured on each Index Business Day in the Final Measurement Period, as calculated by the VWAP Calculation Agent. The Initial VWAP Level is the arithmetic mean of the VWAP Levels measured on each Index Business Day over a three Index Business Day period ending on the Inception Date, as calculated by the VWAP Calculation Agent. 
 
 Holders may lose some or all of their investment at maturity. Because the Accrued Tracking Fee reduces their final payment, holders 
 will likely lose some or all of their principal amount at maturity if the Final VWAP Level is less than the Initial VWAP Level or if the Final VWAP Level is not greater than the Initial VWAP Level by an amount that is sufficient to offset the negative effects of the Accrued Tracking Fee. 
 
 Note Calculation Agent 
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, or JPMS (the Note Calculation Agent ), will make all necessary calculations and determinations in connection with the Alerian ETNs, including calculations and determinations relating to any payments on the Alerian ETNs, other those to be made by the VWAP Calculation Agent described below. 
 
 VWAP Calculation Agent 
 The JPMorgan Global Index Research Group (the VWAP Calculation Agent ), one of our affiliates, will on each day that is not a Disrupted Day (as defined below) act as the VWAP Calculation Agent. The VWAP Calculation Agent will determine the VWAP of any Index Component, the VWAP Level and the Final VWAP Level on any Index Business Day on which such VWAP, VWAP Level and Final VWAP Level are to be determined during the term of the Alerian ETNs. 
 
 Market Disruption Events 
 To the extent a Disrupted Day (as defined below) exists with respect to an Index Component on an Averaging Date (as defined below), the VWAP and published share weighting with respect to such Index Component (and only with respect to such Index Component) for such Averaging Date will be determined by the Note Calculation Agent or one of its affiliates on the first succeeding Index Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the Deferred Averaging Date with respect to such Index Component irrespective of whether pursuant to such determination, the Deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date originally scheduled to be an Averaging Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the postponement described in the preceding sentence results in the VWAP of a particular Index Component being calculated on a day originally scheduled to be an Averaging Date, for purposes of determining the VWAP Levels on the Index Business Days during the Final Measurement Period or during the Repurchase Measurement Period, as applicable, the Note 

Calculation Agent or one of its affiliates, as the case may be, will apply the VWAP and the published share weighting with respect to such Index Component for such Deferred Averaging Date to the calculation of the VWAP Level (i) on the date(s) of the original disruption with respect to such Index Component and (ii) such Averaging Date. 
 
 In no event, however, will any postponement pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph result in the final Averaging Date with respect to any Index Component occurring more than three Index Business Days following the day originally scheduled to be the final Averaging Date. If the third Index Business Day following the date originally scheduled to be the final Averaging Date is not an Index Business Day or is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Index Component, the Note Calculation Agent or one of its affiliates, will determine the VWAP and share weighting with respect to any Index Component required to be determined for the purpose of calculating the applicable VWAP Level based on its good faith estimate of the VWAP and share weighting of each such Index Component that would have prevailed on the Primary Exchange on such third Index Business Day but for such suspension or limitation. 
 
 An Averaging Date means each of the Index Business Days during the Final Measurement Period or the Repurchase Measurement Period, as applicable, subject to adjustment as described herein. 
 
 A Disrupted Day with respect to any Index Component is any Index Business Day on which the Primary Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing, and, in both cases, the occurrence of which is determined by the Note Calculation Agent to have a material effect on the VWAP Level. 
 
 With respect to an Index Component, a Market Disruption Event, means 
 (a) the occurrence or existence of a condition specified below 
 (i) any suspension, absence or limitation of trading on the Primary Exchange for trading in the Index Component, whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Primary Exchange or otherwise 
 (ii) any suspension, absence or limitation of trading on the Related Exchange for trading in futures or options contracts related to the Index Component, whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by such Related Exchange or otherwise or 
 (iii) any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Note Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for the relevant Index Component or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index Component or 
 
 (b) the closure on any Index Business Day of the Primary Exchange or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by the Primary Exchange or such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the Primary Exchange or such Related Exchange on such Index Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Primary Exchange or such Related Exchange system for execution at the close of trading on such Index Business Day 
 
 in each case determined by the Note Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and 
 
 (c) a determination by the Note Calculation Agent in its sole discretion that the applicable event described above materially interfered with our ability or the ability of any of our affiliates to adjust or unwind all or a material portion of any hedge with respect to the Alerian ETNs. 
 
 For purposes of the above definition 
 
 (a) a limitation on the hours or number of days of trading will not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it results from an announced change in the regular business hours of the Primary Exchange or Related Exchange, and 
 
 (b) for purposes of clause (a) above, limitations pursuant to the rules of any Primary Exchange or Related Exchange similar to NYSE Rule 80B or Nasdaq Rule 4120 (or any applicable rule or regulation enacted or promulgated by any other self-regulatory organization or any government agency of scope similar to NYSE Rule 80B or Nasdaq Rule 4120 as determined by the Note Calculation Agent) on trading during significant market fluctuations will constitute a suspension, absence or material limitation of trading. 
 
 Scheduled Closing Time means, with respect to the Primary Exchange or the Related Exchange, on any Index Business Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of the Primary Exchange or such Related Exchange on such Index Business Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 

Discontinuation of the Index Alteration of Method of Calculation 
 If the Index Calculation Agent discontinues publication of or otherwise fails to publish the Index, or the Index Calculation Agent does not make the Index Components, their share weighting and or the Index Divisor available to the VWAP Calculation Agent, and the Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent or another entity publishes a successor or substitute index that the Note Calculation Agent determines to be comparable to the discontinued Index and for which the Index Components, their share weighting, and or the Index Divisor are available to the VWAP Calculation Agent (such index being referred to herein as a successor index ), then the VWAP Level for such successor index will be determined by the VWAP Calculation Agent by reference to the sum of the products of the VWAPs of the components underlying such successor index on the Primary Exchanges and each such component's respective weighting within the successor index (which sum will be adjusted by any index divisor used by such successor index) on the dates and at the times as of which the VWAP Levels for such successor index are to be determined. 
 
 Upon any selection by the Note Calculation Agent of a successor Index, the Note Calculation Agent will cause written notice thereof to be furnished to the Trustee, to us and to the holders of the Alerian ETNs. 
 
 If the Index Calculation Agent discontinues publication of the Index or does not make the Index Components, their share weightings and or Index Divisor available to the VWAP Calculation Agent prior to, and such discontinuation or unavailability is continuing on the Calculation Date or any Index Business Day during the Final Measurement Period or during the Repurchase Measurement Period, as applicable, or any other relevant date on which the VWAP Level is to be determined and the Note Calculation Agent determines that no successor index is available at such time, or the Note Calculation Agent has previously selected a successor index and publication of such successor index is discontinued prior to, and such discontinuation is continuing on the Calculation Date or any Index Business Day during the Final Measurement Period or during the Repurchase Measurement Period, as applicable, or any other relevant date on which the VWAP Level is to be determined, then the Note Calculation Agent will determine the relevant VWAP Levels using the VWAP and published share weighting of each Index Component included in the Index or successor index, as applicable, immediately prior to such discontinuation or unavailability, as adjusted for certain corporate actions. In such event, the Note Calculation Agent will cause notice thereof to be furnished to the Trustee, to us and to the holders of the Alerian ETNs. 
 
 Notwithstanding these alternative arrangements, discontinuation of the publication of the Index or successor index, as applicable, may adversely affect the value of the Alerian ETNs. 
 
 If at any time the method of calculating the Index or a successor index, or the value thereof, is changed in a material respect, or if the Index or a successor index is in any other way modified so that the VWAP Level of the Index or such successor index does not, in the opinion of the Note Calculation Agent, fairly represent the VWAP Level of the Index or such successor index had such changes or modifications not been made, then the Note Calculation Agent will make such calculations and adjustments as, in the good faith judgment of the Note Calculation Agent, may be necessary in order to arrive at a VWAP level of an index comparable to the Index or such successor index, as the case may be, as if such changes or modifications had not been made, and the Note Calculation Agent will calculate the VWAP Levels for the Index or such successor index with reference to the Index or such successor index, as adjusted. The Note Calculation Agent will accordingly calculate any values that reference the VWAP Levels based on the relevant VWAP Levels calculated by the Note Calculation Agent, as adjusted. Accordingly, if the method of calculating the Index or a successor index is modified so that the level of the Index or such successor index is a fraction of what it would have been if there had been no such modification e.g. , due to a split in the index), which, in turn, causes the VWAP Level of the Index or such successor index to be a fraction of what it would have been if there had been no such modification, then the Note Calculation Agent will make such calculations and adjustments in order to arrive at a VWAP Level for the Index or such successor index as if it had not been modified (e.g. , as if such split had not occurred). 
 
 Payment upon an Event of Default 
 In case an event of default with respect to the Alerian ETNs shall have occurred and be continuing, the amount declared due and payable per Alerian ETN upon any acceleration of the Alerian ETNs will be determined by the Note Calculation Agent and will be an amount in cash equal to the Repurchase Amount, calculated as if the date of acceleration were the first Index Business Day in the Repurchase Measurement Period and the four Index Business Days immediately succeeding the date of acceleration were the corresponding Index Business Days in the accelerated Repurchase Measurement Period. For purposes of this calculation the Repurchase Fee Amount shall be zero. 
 If the maturity of the Alerian ETNs is accelerated because of an event of default as described above, we will, or will cause the Note Calculation Agent to, provide written notice to the Trustee at its New York office, on which notice the Trustee may conclusively rely, and to DTC, as holder of the Alerian ETNs, of the cash amount due with respect to the Alerian ETNs as promptly as possible and in no event later than two Business Days after the date of acceleration. 
 
 Listing 
 The Alerian ETNs have been listed on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol AMJ. No assurance can be given as to the continued listing of the Alerian ETNs for their term or of the liquidity or trading market for the Alerian ETNs. 

Book-Entry Only Issuance The Depository Trust Company 
 DTC will act as securities depositary for the Alerian ETNs. The Alerian ETNs have been issued only as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC's nominee). One or more fully registered global note certificates, representing the total aggregate principal amount of the Alerian ETNs, have been issued and have been deposited with DTC. We will not issue definitive notes in exchange for the global notes except in limited circumstances. 
 
 Registrar, Transfer Agent and Paying Agent 
 The Bank of New York Mellon or one of its affiliates will act as registrar and transfer agent for the Alerian ETNs. The Bank of New York Mellon will also act as paying agent and may designate additional paying agents. 
 
 Reissuances or Reopening Issuances 
 We may in our sole discretion, reopen or reissue the Alerian ETNs based upon market conditions and VWAP Levels at that time. These further issuances, if any, will be consolidated to form a single sub-series with the originally issued Alerian ETNs and will have the same CUSIP number and will trade interchangeably with the Alerian ETNs immediately upon settlement. Any Alerian ETNs bearing the same CUSIP number that are issued pursuant to any future additional issuances of Alerian ETNs bearing the same CUSIP number will increase the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Alerian ETNs. The price of any additional offering will be determined at the time of pricing of that offering. 
 
 Certain Defined Terms 
 Key Defined Terms 
 A Business Day means any day other than a day on which the banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close or a day on which transactions in dollars are not conducted. 
 
 The Calculation Date is May 15, 2024, unless such day is not an Index Business Day, in which case the Calculation Date will be the next Index Business Day, subject to adjustments and subject to postponement in the event of a Market Disruption Event as described under Market Disruption Events. 
 
 The Daily Note Value means, as of any date of determination, an amount per Alerian ETN equal to the product of 
 a. the Principal Amount and 
 b. a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the VWAP Level as of such date and the denominator of which is equal to the Initial VWAP Level. 
 
 An ex-dividend date means, with respect to a distribution on an Index Component, the first Business Day on which transactions in such Index Component trade on the Primary Exchange without the right to receive such distribution. 
 
 An Exchange Business Day means any day on which the primary exchange or market for trading of the Alerian ETNs is scheduled to be open for trading. 
 
 The Final Measurement Period means the five Index Business Days from and including the Calculation Date, subject to adjustments and subject to postponement in the event of a Market Disruption Event as described under Market Disruption Events. 
 
 The Final VWAP Level is the arithmetic mean of the VWAP Levels measured on each Index Business Day in the Final Measurement Period or during any applicable Repurchase Measurement Period, as applicable, as calculated by the VWAP Calculation Agent. 
 
 An Index Business Day means any day on which each Primary Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading. 
 
 An Index Component means each energy-oriented Master Limited Partnership included in the Index (collectively, the Index Components ). 
 
 The Index Divisor, as of any date of determination, is the divisor used by the Index Calculation Agent to calculate the level of the Index. 
 
 The Initial Issue Date, is April 6, 2009. 
 
 The Initial VWAP Level is 190.36605, which is the arithmetic mean of the VWAP Levels measured on each Index Business Day during the period from and including March 30, 2009 to and including April 1, 2009, as calculated by the VWAP Calculation Agent. 
 The Maturity Date is May 24, 2024, subject to postponement in the event of a Market Disruption Event as described under Market Disruption Events. 

A Primary Exchange means, with respect to each Index Component, the primary exchange or market of trading of such Index Component. 
 
 The Quarterly Tracking Fee means, as of any date of determination, an amount per Alerian ETN equal to the product of 
 a. 0.2125 (equivalent to 0.85 per annum) and 
 b. the Daily Note Value as of the immediately preceding Index Business Day. 
 
 A record date means, with respect to a distribution on an Index Component, the date on which a holder of the Index Component must be registered as a unitholder of such Index Component in order to be entitled to receive such distribution. 
 
 A Related Exchange means, with respect to each Index Component, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Note Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index Component. 
 
 Additional Key Coupon Payment Terms 
 The Coupon Ex-Date means, with respect to a Coupon Amount, the first Exchange Business Day on which the Alerian ETNs trade without the right to receive such Coupon Amount. Under current NYSE Arca practice, the Coupon Ex-Date will generally be the Exchange Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Coupon Record Date. 
 
 The Coupon Payment Date means the 15th Index Business Day following each Coupon Valuation Date, provided that the final Coupon Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. 
 
 The Coupon Record Date means the 9th Index Business Day following each Coupon Valuation Date. 
 
 The Coupon Valuation Date means the 15th of February, May, August and November of each calendar year during the term of the Alerian ETNs or if such date is not an Index Business Day, then the first Index Business Day following such date, beginning on May 15, 2009, provided that the final Coupon Valuation Date will be the Calculation Date. 
 
 The Reference Distribution Amount means 
 a. as of the first Coupon Valuation Date, an amount equal to the gross cash distributions that a Reference Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of the Index Components held by such Reference Holder on the record date with respect to any Index Component, for those cash distributions whose ex-dividend date occurs during the period from and excluding the Initial Issue Date to and including the first Coupon Valuation Date and 
 b. as of any other Coupon Valuation Date, an amount equal to the gross cash distributions that a Reference Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of the Index Components held by such Reference Holder on the record date with respect to any Index Component for those cash distributions whose ex-dividend date occurs during the period from and excluding the immediately preceding Coupon Valuation Date to and including such Coupon Valuation Date. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to cash distributions for an Index Component which is scheduled to be paid prior to the applicable Coupon Ex-Date, if , and only if , the issuer of such Index Component fails to pay the distribution to holders of such Index Component by the scheduled payment date for such distribution, such distribution will be assumed to be zero for the purposes of calculating the applicable Reference Distribution Amount. 
 
 The Reference Holder means, as of any date of determination, a hypothetical holder of a number of shares of each Index Component equal to 
 a. the published share weighting of that Index Component as of that date, divided by 
 b. the product of 
 a. the Index Divisor as of that date, and 
 b. ten. 
 
 Additional Key Early Repurchase Terms 
 The Adjusted Coupon Amount means, with respect to any applicable Repurchase Valuation Date, a coupon payment, if any, in an amount in cash equal to the difference between 
 a. the Adjusted Reference Distribution Amount, calculated as of the applicable Repurchase Valuation Date and 
 b. the Adjusted Tracking Fee, calculated as of such Repurchase Valuation Date. 
 
 The Adjusted Reference Distribution Amount means, as of any applicable Repurchase Valuation Date, an amount equal to the gross cash distributions that a Reference Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of the Index Components held by such Reference Holder on the record date with respect to any Index Component, for cash distributions with the applicable ex-dividend date 

occurring during the period from and excluding the immediately preceding Coupon Valuation Date (or if the Repurchase Valuation Date occurs prior to the first Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and excluding the Initial Issue Date) to and including the applicable Repurchase Valuation Date. 
 
 The Adjusted Tracking Fee means, as of any applicable Repurchase Valuation Date, an amount equal to 
 a. the Tracking Fee Shortfall as of the immediately preceding Coupon Valuation Date plus 
 b. the product of 
 a. the Quarterly Tracking Fee as of such Repurchase Valuation Date and 
 b. a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of calendar days from and excluding the immediately preceding Coupon Valuation Date (or if the Repurchase Valuation Date occurs prior to the first Coupon Valuation Date, the period from and excluding the Initial Issue Date) to and including such Repurchase Valuation Date, and the denominator of which is 90. 
 
 The Repurchase Date means the third Calculation Date following the last Index Business Day in any applicable Repurchase Measurement Period, subject to postponement in the event of a Market Disruption Event as described under Market Disruption Events. 
 
 The Repurchase Fee is equal to 0.125 . 
 
 The Repurchase Valuation Date means the last Index Business Day of each week, generally Friday. This day is also the first Index Business Day following the date that the applicable Repurchase Notice and Repurchase Confirmation are delivered. Any applicable Repurchase Valuation Date is subject to adjustments as described under Market Disruption Events. 
 
 General Terms of the Series E Notes 
 In this General Terms of the Series E Notes section, all references to the debt securities refer to Series E Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase. 
 
 The following description of the terms of the debt securities contains certain general terms that may apply to the debt securities, including the Alerian ETNs. 
 
 We have summarized below the material provisions of the 2001 Indenture and the debt securities issued under the 2001 Indenture. These descriptions are only summaries, and each investor should refer to the 2001 Indenture, which describes completely the terms and definitions summarized below and contains additional information regarding the debt securities issued under it. Where appropriate, we use parentheses to refer you to the particular sections of the 2001 Indenture. Any reference to particular sections or defined terms of the 2001 Indenture in any statement under this heading qualifies the entire statement and incorporates by reference the applicable section or definition into that statement. 
 
 The debt securities will be our direct, unsecured general obligations and will have the same rank in liquidation as all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. 
 
 We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries. As a result, claims of the holders of the debt securities will generally have a junior position to claims of creditors of our subsidiaries, except to the extent that JPMorgan Chase & Co. may be recognized, and receives payment, as a creditor of those subsidiaries. Claims of our subsidiaries' creditors other than JPMorgan Chase & Co. include substantial amounts of long-term debt, deposit liabilities, federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, commercial paper and other borrowed funds. 
 
 Events of Default and Waivers 
 
 An Event of Default with respect to a series of debt securities issued under the 2001 Indenture is defined in the 2001 Indenture as 
 a. default for 30 days in the payment of interest on any debt securities of that series 
 b. default in the payment of principal or other amounts payable on any debt securities of that series when due, at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration, or otherwise 
 c. failure by us for 90 days to perform any other covenants or warranties contained in the 2001 Indenture applicable to that series after written notice has been given by the trustee to us or given by holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities of all series affected thereby to us and the trustee 
 d. specified events of our bankruptcy, insolvency, winding up or liquidation, whether voluntary or involuntary or 
 e. any other event of default provided in the applicable supplemental indentures to the 2001 Indenture or form of security. (Section 5.01) 

If a default in the payment of principal, interest or other amounts payable on the debt securities, or a failure in the performance of any covenant or agreement, or any other Event of Default provided in the applicable supplemental indentures to the 2001 Indenture or form of security, with respect to one or more (but in the case of a default in performance of a covenant or agreement, or in a manner provided in a supplemental indenture or form of security, less than all) series of debt securities occurs and is continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of such series then outstanding, treated as one class, by written notice, may declare the principal of all outstanding debt securities of such series and any interest accrued thereon, to be due and payable immediately. If a default in the performance of any covenant or agreement with respect to all series of debt securities, or in a manner provided in a supplemental indenture or form of security with respect to all series of debt securities, or due to specified events of our bankruptcy, insolvency, winding up or liquidation, occurs and is continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of all debt securities then outstanding, treated as one class, by written notice, may declare the principal of all outstanding debt securities and any interest accrued thereon, to be due and payable immediately. Subject to certain conditions such declarations may be annulled and past defaults may be waived by the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the series affected. (Sections 5.01 and 5.10) 
 
 An Event of Default with respect to one series of debt securities does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default with respect to any other series of debt securities. The 2001 Indenture requires the Trustee to provide notice of default with respect to the debt securities within 90 days, unless the default is cured, but provides that the Trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the debt securities of any default if the board of directors, the executive committee, or a trust committee of directors or Trustees and or responsible officers of the Trustee determines in good faith that it is in the interest of the holders of the debt securities of the applicable series to do so. The Trustee may not withhold notice of a default in the payment of principal of, interest on or any other amounts due under, such debt securities. (Section 5.11) 
 
 The 2001 Indenture provides that the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt securities of each series affected, with all such series voting as a single class, may direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. The Trustee may decline to act if the direction is contrary to law and in certain other circumstances set forth in the 2001 Indenture. (Section 5.09) The Trustee is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under the 2001 Indenture at the request or direction of the holders of debt securities unless the holders offer the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities incurred therein or thereby. (Section 6.02(d)) 
 
 No holder of any debt security of any affected series has the right to institute any action for remedy unless such holder has previously given to the Trustee written notice of default, the Trustee has failed to take action for 60 days after the holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of each affected series make written request upon the Trustee to institute such action and have offered reasonable indemnity in connection with the same and the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of each affected series (voting as a single class) have not given direction to the Trustee that is inconsistent with the written request referred to above. (Section 5.06) 
 
 However, the right of any holder of a debt security or coupon to receive payment of the principal of and interest on that debt security or coupon on or after its due date, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, may not be impaired or affected without the consent of that holder. (Section 5.07) 
 
 The 2001 Indenture requires us to file annually with the Trustee a written statement as to whether or not we have knowledge of a default. (Section 3.05) 
 
 Covenant Breach 
 Under the 2001 Indenture, a Covenant Breach would occur with respect to a series of debt securities if we fail to perform or breach any of the covenants contained in the 2001 Indenture (other than a failure to pay principal or interest on the debt securities) and that failure or breach continues for 90 days after the Trustee or the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities give written notice of that failure or breach. Neither the Trustee nor the holders of the debt securities will be entitled to accelerate the maturity of the debt securities as a result of any Covenant Breach. 
 
 If a Covenant Breach or Event of Default with respect to the debt securities occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the holders of the debt securities by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee deems most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in the 2001 Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in the 2001 Indenture, or to enforce any other proper remedy. 

Modification of the 2001 Indenture 
 The 2001 Indenture contains provisions permitting us and the Trustee to modify the 2001 Indenture or the rights of the holders of debt securities with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of each outstanding series of debt securities affected by the modification. Each holder of an affected debt security must consent to a modification that would 
 a. extend the final maturity date of the principal of, or of any interest on, or other amounts payable under any debt security 
 b. reduce the principal amount of, rate of interest on, or any other amounts due under any debt security 
 c. change the currency or currency unit of payment of any debt security or certain provisions of the 2001 Indenture applicable to debt securities in foreign currencies 
 d. change the method in which amounts of payments of principal, interest or other amounts are determined on any debt security 
 e. reduce any amount payable upon redemption of any debt security 
 f. adversely affect the terms on which debt securities are convertible into or exchangeable or payable in other securities, instruments, contracts, currencies, commodities or other forms of property 
 g. impair the right of a holder to institute suit for the payment of a debt security or, if the debt securities provide, any right of repurchase at the option of the holder of a debt security or 
 h. reduce the percentage of debt securities of any series, the consent of the holders of which is required for any modification. (Section 8.02) 
 
 The 2001 Indenture also permits us and the Trustee to amend the 2001 Indenture in certain circumstances without the consent of the holders of debt securities to evidence our merger or the replacement of the Trustee, to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision, to make any change to the 2001 Indenture or our debt securities that we deem necessary or desirable and that does not materially and adversely affect the interests of holders of the debt securities and for certain other purposes. (Section 8.01) 
 
 Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets 
 We may not merge or consolidate with any other entity or sell, convey or transfer all or substantially all of our assets to any other entity (other than the sale, conveyance or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to one or more of our direct or indirect subsidiaries), unless 
 a. either we are the continuing corporation or the successor entity or the entity to whom those assets are sold, conveyed or transferred is a United States corporation or limited liability company that expressly assumes the due and punctual payment of the principal of, any interest on, or any other amounts due under the debt securities issued under the 2001 Indenture and the due and punctual performance and observance of all the covenants and conditions of the 2001 Indenture binding upon us, and 
 b. we or the successor entity will not, immediately after the merger or consolidation, sale, conveyance or transfer, be in default in the performance of any covenant or condition of the 2001 Indenture binding on us. (Section 9.01) 
 
 There are no covenants or other provisions in the 2001 Indenture that would afford holders of debt securities additional protection in the event of a recapitalization transaction, a change of control of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or a highly leveraged transaction. The merger covenant described above would apply only if the recapitalization transaction, change of control or highly leveraged transaction were structured to include a merger or consolidation of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or a sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of our assets. However, we may provide specific protections, such as a put right or increased interest, for particular debt securities, which we would describe in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 
 Concerning the Trustee, Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent 
 Our subsidiaries and we have a wide range of banking relationships with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. The Bank of New York Mellon and, for notes settled through Euroclear Bank SA NV or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, will be the paying agents, registrars, authenticating agents and transfer agents for debt securities issued under the 2001 Indenture. 
 
 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is initially serving as the trustee for other securities issued by us or JPMorgan Financial, including the debt securities issued under the 2001 Indenture, the debt securities issued under JPMorgan Financial's indenture for debt securities, to which we are a guarantor, and the warrants issued under JPMorgan Financial's warrant indenture, to which we are a guarantor. Consequently, if an actual or potential event of default occurs with respect to any of these securities, the Trustee may be considered to have a conflicting interest for purposes of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. In that case, the Trustee may be required to resign under the 2001 Indenture, and we would be required to appoint a successor trustee. For this purpose, a potential event of default means an event that would be an event of default if the requirements for giving us default notice or for the default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded. 

Governing Law and Judgments 
 The debt securities and the 2001 Indenture will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. (Section 11.08) 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF JPMORGAN CHASE FINANCIAL COMPANY LLC S CALLABLE FIXED RATE NOTES DUE JUNE 10, 2032, FULLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED BY JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 
 
 The following description of the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due June 10, 2032 (the Callable Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture dated February 19, 2016 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the 2016 Indenture ), among JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC, as issuer JPMorgan Financial or the Issuer ), JPMorgan Chase, as guarantor (the Guarantor ), and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (the Trustee ), which is incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to the Form 10-K . We encourage you to read the 2016 Indenture for additional information. 
 
 General 
 As of December 31, 2022, 5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Callable Notes were outstanding. 
 The Callable Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of JPMorgan Financial, the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Callable Notes will rank pari passu with all of the Issuer s other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. JPMorgan Chase & Co. s guarantee of the Callable Notes will rank pari passu with all of JPMorgan Chase & Co. s other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Any payment on the Callable Notes issued by JPMorgan Financial is subject to the credit risk of JPMorgan Finance Callable Notes, and the credit risk of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as guarantor of the Callable Notes. 
 
 The Callable Notes are part of a series of the Issuer s debt securities entitled Global Medium-Term Notes, Series A (the Series A Notes that the Issuer may issue under the 2016 Indenture from time to time. For more information about the Series A Notes, please see the section titled General Terms of the Series A Notes below. 
 
 The Callable Notes are not bank deposits and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or by any other governmental agency, nor are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 
 
 Unless otherwise specified, references herein to holders mean those in whose names the Callable Notes are registered on the books that the Issuer or the Trustee, or any successor trustee, as applicable, maintain for this purpose, and not those who own beneficial interests in the Callable Notes (registered in street name or otherwise). 
 
 Key Terms of the Callable Notes 
 We issued the Callable Notes on June 10, 2021, in minimum denominations of 1,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 thereafter. The Maturity Date of the Callable Notes is June 10, 2032. Interest on the Callable Notes is payable semiannually on June 10th and December 10th of each year, beginning on December 10, 2021 to and including the Maturity Date (each, an Interest Payment Date ), subject to any earlier redemption, at the Interest Rate of 2.60 per annum. 
 
 On June 10, 2031 (the Redemption Date ), the Issuer may redeem the holders Callable Notes, in whole but not in part, at a price equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Any accrued and unpaid interest on the Callable Notes redeemed will be paid to the person who is the holder of record on such Callable Notes at the close of business one (1) business day prior to the Redemption Date. To redeem the Callable Notes, the Issuer will deliver notice to DTC, as holder of the Callable Notes, at least 5 business days and not more than 15 business days prior to the Redemption Date. 
 
 Calculation Agent 
 JPMS (the Calculation Agent will make all necessary calculations and determinations in connection with the Callable Notes, including calculations and determinations relating to any payments on the Callable Notes. 
 
 Payment upon an Event of Default 
 In case an event of default with respect to the Callable Notes shall have occurred and be continuing, the amount declared due and payable per 1,000 principal amount note upon any acceleration of the Callable Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent and will be an amount in cash equal to 1,000 per 1,000 principal amount note plus accrued and unpaid interest, calculated as if the date of acceleration were the Maturity Date. In such case, interest will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days in such adjusted Interest Period and will be based on the Interest Rate on the applicable date immediately preceding such adjusted Interest Period. 

If the maturity of the Callable Notes is accelerated because of an event of default as described above, the Issuer will, or will cause the Calculation Agent to, provide written notice to the Trustee at its New York office, on which notice the Trustee may conclusively rely, and to DTC of the cash amount due with respect to the Callable Notes as promptly as possible and in no event later than two business days after the date of acceleration. 
 
 Listing 
 The Callable Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the NYSE under the trading symbol JPM 32. No assurance can be given as to the continued listing for the term of the Callable Notes, or the liquidity or trading market for the Callable Notes. 
 
 Book-Entry Only Issuance The Depository Trust Company 
 DTC will act as securities depositary for the Callable Notes. The Callable Notes have been issued only as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC s nominee). One or more fully registered global note certificates, representing the total aggregate principal amount of the Callable Notes, have been issued and have been deposited with DTC. We will not issue definitive notes in exchange for the global notes except in limited circumstances. 
 
 Registrar, Transfer Agent and Paying Agent 
 The Bank of New York Mellon or one of its affiliates will act as registrar and transfer agent for the Callable Notes. The Bank of New York Mellon will also act as paying agent for the Callable Notes and may designate additional paying agents. 
 
 Reopening Issuances 
 The Issuer may, in its sole discretion, reopen the Callable Notes based upon market conditions at that time. These further issuances, if any, will be consolidated with, have the same CUSIP number as and trade interchangeably with the respective originally issued Callable Notes immediately upon settlement and, consequently, will increase the aggregate principal amount of such outstanding Callable Notes. The price of any additional offering will be determined at the time of pricing of that offering. 
 
 General Terms of the Series A Notes 
 In this General Terms of the Series A Notes section, all references to the debt securities refer to Series A Notes issued by JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC. 
 
 The following description of the terms of the debt securities contains certain general terms that may apply to the debt securities, including the Callable Notes. 
 
 We have summarized below the material provisions of the 2016 Indenture and the debt securities and guarantees issued under the 2016 Indenture. 
 
 These descriptions are only summaries, and each investor should refer to the 2016 Indenture, which describes completely the terms and definitions summarized below and contains additional information regarding the debt securities issued under it. Where appropriate, we use parentheses to refer you to the particular sections of the 2016 Indenture. Any reference to particular sections or defined terms of the 2016 Indenture in any statement under this heading qualifies the entire statement and incorporates by reference the applicable section or definition into that statement. 
 
 The debt securities will be the Issuer s direct, unsecured general obligations, the payment on which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor, and will have the same rank in liquidation as all of the Issuer s other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. 
 
 The Guarantor is a holding company and conducts substantially all of its operations through subsidiaries. As a result, claims of the holders of the debt securities against the Guarantor under the guarantee will generally have a junior position to claims of creditors of the Guarantor s subsidiaries, except to the extent that the Guarantor may be recognized, and receives payment, as a creditor of those subsidiaries. Claims of the Guarantor s subsidiaries creditors other than the Guarantor include substantial amounts of long-term debt, deposit liabilities, federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, commercial paper and other borrowed funds. 
 
 Events of Default and Waivers 
 An Event of Default with respect to a series of debt securities issued under the 2016 Indenture is defined in the 2016 Indenture as 
 a. default in the payment of interest on any debt securities of that series and continuance of such default for 30 days 
 b. default in the payment of principal or other amounts payable on any debt securities of that series when due, at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration, or otherwise 
 c. default in the performance, or breach, of any other covenants or warranties applicable to the Issuer contained in the 2016 Indenture applicable to that series, and continuation of such default or breach for 90 days after written notice has been 

given by the Trustee to the Issuer and the Guarantor or given by holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities of all series affected thereby to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee 
 d. certain events of the Issuer s bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding up or liquidation, whether voluntary or involuntary 
 e. the guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect, other than in accordance with the 2016 Indenture, or the Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under the guarantee, provided that no Event of Default with respect to the guarantee will occur as a result of, or because it is related directly or indirectly to, the insolvency of the Guarantor or the commencement of proceedings under Title 11 of the United States Code, or the appointment of a receiver for the Guarantor under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation having separately repudiated the Guarantee in receivership, or the commencement of or certain other events of the Guarantor s bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution, receivership, winding up or liquidation or 
 f. any other event of default provided in the applicable supplemental indentures to the 2016 Indenture or form of security. (Section 5.01) 
 
 If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing because of a default in the payment of principal, interest or other amounts payable on the debt securities, a failure in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement applicable to the Issuer, the guarantee ceasing to be in full force and effect, or any other event of default provided in the applicable supplemental indentures to the 2016 Indenture or form of security, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of such series then outstanding, treated as one class, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, may declare the principal of all outstanding debt securities of such series and any interest accrued thereon, to be due and payable immediately. If a default due to specified events of the Issuer s bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding up or liquidation, occurs and is continuing, the principal of all outstanding debt securities and any interest accrued thereon will automatically, and without any declaration or other action on the part of the Trustee or any holder, become immediately due and payable. Subject to certain conditions such declarations may be annulled and past defaults may be waived by the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the series affected. (Sections 5.01 and 5.10) 
 
 Events of bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution, receivership, winding up or liquidation relating to the Guarantor will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any series of debt securities. In addition, failure by the Guarantor to perform any of its covenants or warranties (other than a payment default) will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any series of debt securities. Therefore, events of bankruptcy, resolution, receivership, insolvency, winding up or liquidation relating to the Guarantor (in the absence of any such event occurring with respect to the Issuer) will not permit any of the debt securities to be declared due and payable and the Trustee is not authorized to exercise any remedy against the Issuer or the Guarantor upon the occurrence or continuation of these events with respect to the Guarantor. Instead, even if an event of bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution, receivership, winding up or liquidation relating to the Guarantor has occurred, the Trustee and the holders of debt securities of a series will not be able to declare the relevant debt securities to be immediately due and payable unless there is an Event of Default with respect to that series as described above, such as the Issuer s bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding up or liquidation or a payment default by the Issuer or the Guarantor on the relevant debt securities. The value holders receive on any series of debt securities may be significantly less than what holders would have otherwise received had the Issuer s debt securities been declared due and payable immediately or the Trustee been authorized to exercise any remedy against the Issuer or the Guarantor upon the occurrence or continuation of these events with respect to the Guarantor. 
 
 An Event of Default with respect to one series of debt securities does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default with respect to any other series of debt securities. The 2016 Indenture requires the Trustee to provide notice of default with respect to the debt securities within 90 days, unless the default is cured, but provides that the Trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the debt securities of any default if the board of directors, the executive committee, or a trust committee of directors or Trustees and or responsible officers of the Trustee determines in good faith that it is in the interest of the holders of the debt securities of the applicable series to do so. The Trustee may not withhold notice of a default in the payment of principal of, interest on or any other amounts due under, such debt securities. (Section 5.11) 
 
 The 2016 Indenture provides that the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt securities of each series affected, with all such series voting as a single class, may direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. The Trustee may decline to act if the direction is contrary to law and in certain other circumstances set forth in the 2016 Indenture. (Section 5.09) The Trustee is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under the 2016 Indenture at the request or direction of the holders of debt securities unless the holders offer the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities incurred therein or thereby. (Section 6.02(d)) 
 
 No holder of any debt security of any affected series has the right to institute any action for remedy unless such holder has previously given to the Trustee written notice of default, the Trustee has failed to take action for 60 days after the holders of not less than 25 

in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of each affected series make written request upon the Trustee to institute such action and have offered reasonable indemnity in connection with the same and the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of each affected series (voting as a single class) have not given direction to the Trustee that is inconsistent with the written request referred to above. (Section 5.06) 
 However, the right of any holder of a debt security or coupon to receive payment of the principal of and interest on that debt security or coupon on or after its due date, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, may not be impaired or affected without the consent of that holder. (Section 5.07) 
 
 The 2016 Indenture requires the Issuer and the Guarantor to file annually with the Trustee a written statement as to whether or not the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, has knowledge of a default. (Section 3.05) 
 
 Modification of the 2016 Indenture 
 The 2016 Indenture contains provisions permitting the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee to modify the 2016 Indenture or the rights of the holders of debt securities with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of each outstanding series of debt securities affected by the modification. Each holder of an affected debt security must consent to a modification that would 
 a. extend the final maturity date of the principal of, or of any interest on, or other amounts payable under any debt security 
 b. reduce the principal amount of, rate of interest on, or any other amounts due under any debt security 
 c. change the currency or currency unit of payment of any debt security or certain provisions of the 2016 Indenture applicable to debt securities in foreign currencies 
 d. change the method in which amounts of payments of principal, interest or other amounts are determined on any debt security 
 e. reduce any amount payable upon redemption of any debt security 
 f. impair the right of a holder to institute suit for the payment of a debt security or, if the debt securities provide, any right of repurchase at the option of the holder of a debt security 
 g. reduce the percentage of debt securities of any series, the consent of the holders of which is required for any modification or 
 h. make any change in the guarantee that would adversely affect the holders of the debt securities of such series or release the Guarantor from the guarantee other than pursuant to the terms of the 2016 Indenture. (Section 8.02) 
 
 The 2016 Indenture also permits the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee to amend the 2016 Indenture in certain circumstances without the consent of the holders of debt securities to evidence the Issuer s or the Guarantor s merger or the replacement of the Trustee, to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision, to make any change to the 2016 Indenture or the Issuer s debt securities that the Issuer deems necessary or desirable and that does not materially and adversely affect the interests of holders of the debt securities and for certain other purposes. (Section 8.01) 
 
 Consolidations, Mergers, Sales and Transfers of Assets 
 Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor may merge or consolidate with any other entity or sell, convey or transfer all or substantially all of their respective assets to any other entity, unless 
 a. with respect to the Issuer 
 a. either the Issuer is the continuing company in the case of a merger or consolidation or the successor entity in the case of a merger or consolidation (including an affiliate of the Guarantor) or the entity to whom those assets are sold, conveyed or transferred in the case of a sale, conveyance or transfer is a United States corporation or limited liability company that expressly assumes the due and punctual payment of the principal of, any interest on, or any other amounts due under the debt securities and the due and punctual performance and observance of all the covenants and conditions of the 2016 Indenture binding upon the Issuer, and 
 b. no Event of Default and no event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default has occurred or would be continuing, immediately after the merger or consolidation, or the sale, conveyance or transfer, and 
 a. with respect to the Guarantor 
 a. either the Guarantor is the continuing corporation in the case of a merger or consolidation or the successor corporation in the case of a merger or consolidation or the entity to whom those assets are sold, conveyed or transferred in the case of a sale, conveyance or transfer is a United States corporation that expressly assumes the full and unconditional guarantee of the full and punctual payment of the principal of, any interest on, or any other amounts due under the debt securities and the due and punctual performance and observance of all the covenants and conditions of the 2016 Indenture binding upon the Guarantor, and 
 b. no Event of Default and no event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default has occurred or would be continuing, immediately after the merger or consolidation, or the sale, conveyance or transfer. (Sections 9.01 and 9.02) 

Any transfer of material assets of the Guarantor to any other entity that occurs as a result of, or because it is related directly or indirectly to, any proceedings relative to the Guarantor under Title 11 of the United States Code or under a receivership under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or under any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or other similar law will be deemed to be a sale, conveyance or transfer of all or substantially all of the Guarantor s assets. 
 
 There are no covenants or other provisions in the 2016 Indenture that would afford holders of debt securities additional protection in the event of a recapitalization transaction involving the Issuer or the Guarantor, a change of control of the Issuer or the Guarantor or a highly leveraged transaction involving the Issuer or the Guarantor. The merger covenant described above would apply only if the recapitalization transaction, change of control or highly leveraged transaction were structured to include a merger or consolidation of the Issuer or the Guarantor or a sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the Issuer s or the Guarantor s assets. However, the Issuer may provide specific protections, such as a put right or increased interest, for particular debt securities, which the Issuer would describe in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Guarantee 
 The Guarantor will fully and unconditionally guarantee the full and punctual payment of the principal of, interest on, and all other amounts payable under the debt securities when the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity, upon redemption, repurchase at the option of the holders of the applicable debt securities or upon acceleration. If for any reason the Issuer does not make any required payment in respect of the Issuer s debt securities when due, the Guarantor will on demand pay the unpaid amount at the same place and in the same manner that applies to payments made by the Issuer under the 2016 Indenture. The guarantee is of payment and not of collection. (Section 14.01) 
 
 The Guarantor s obligations under the guarantee are unconditional and absolute. However, (1) the Guarantor will not be liable for any amount of payment that the Issuer is excused from making or any amount in excess of the amount actually due and owing by the Issuer, and (2) any defense or counterclaims available to the Issuer (except those resulting solely from, or on account of, the Issuer s insolvency or the Issuer s status as debtor or subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding) will also be available to the Guarantor to the same extent as these defense or counterclaims are available to the Issuer, whether or not asserted by the Issuer. (Section 14.02) 
 
 Concerning the Trustee, Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent 
 We, the Guarantor and certain of their affiliates have a wide range of banking relationships with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. The Bank of New York Mellon and, for notes settled through Euroclear Bank SA NV or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, will be the paying agents, authenticating agents, registrars and transfer agents for debt securities issued under the 2016 Indenture. 
 
 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is initially serving as the Trustee for the debt securities issued under our 2016 Indenture, to which JPMorgan Chase acts as a guarantor, the warrants issued under our warrant indenture, to which JPMorgan Chase acts as a guarantor, and the debt securities issued under JPMorgan Chase s indenture. Consequently, if an actual or potential event of default occurs with respect to any of these securities, the Trustee may be considered to have a conflicting interest for purposes of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. In that case, the Trustee may be required to resign under the 2016 Indenture, and the Issuer would be required to appoint a successor trustee. For this purpose, a potential event of default means an event that would be an event of default if the requirements for giving the Issuer default notice or for the default having to exist for a specific period of time were disregarded. 
 
 Governing Law and Judgments 
 The debt securities and the 2016 Indenture, including the guarantee, will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. (Section 11.08) 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 corp10k2022exhibit1018.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

Exhibit 10.18 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF JANUARY 17, 2023 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 OPERATING COMMITTEE 
 
 Award Agreement 
 These terms and conditions are made part of the Award Agreement dated as of January 17, 2023 Grant Date awarding Restricted Stock Units RSUs pursuant to the terms of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Plan ). To the extent the terms of the Award Agreement (all references to which will include these terms and conditions) conflict with the Plan, the Plan will govern. The Award Agreement, the Plan and Prospectus supersede any other agreement, whether written or oral, that may have been entered into by the Firm and you relating to this award. 
 
 This award was granted on the Grant Date subject to the Award Agreement. Unless you decline by the deadline and in the manner specified in the Award Agreement, you will have agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions, effective as of the Grant Date. If you decline the award, it will be cancelled as of the Grant Date. 
 
 Capitalized terms that are not defined in Definitions below or elsewhere in the Award Agreement will have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be referred to throughout the Award Agreement as JPMorgan Chase and together with its subsidiaries as the Firm . 
 
 Form and Purpose of Award 
 Each RSU represents a non-transferable right to receive one share of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date as set forth in your Award Agreement. 
 
 The purpose of this award is to motivate your future performance for services to be provided during the vesting period and to align your interests with those of the Firm and its shareholders. 
 
 Dividend Equivalents 
 If dividends are paid on Common Stock while RSUs under this award are outstanding, you will be paid an amount equal to the dividend paid on one share of Common Stock, multiplied by the number of RSUs outstanding under this award as of the dividend record date. 
 
 Vesting Period 
 The period from the Grant Date to the last vesting date is the vesting period (see subsections captioned --Amendment pursuant to which the Firm may extend the vesting period and --No Ownership Rights Other Limitations pursuant to which the Firm may place restrictions on delivered shares of Common Stock following a vesting date). 
 
 Protection-Based Vesting 
 This award is intended and expected to vest on the vesting date(s), provided that you are continuously employed by the Firm through such vesting date, or you meet the requirements for continued vesting described under the subsections --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability . However, vesting and the number of RSUs in which you vest are subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Remedies and the following protection-based vesting provision). 
 Up to a total of fifty percent of your award that would otherwise be distributable to you during the vesting period At Risk RSUs may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase CEO determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of all or portion of the At Risk RSUs is appropriate in light of any one or a combination of the following factors 
 Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position, or the Firm s performance in relation to the priorities for which you share responsibility as a member of the Operating Committee, have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time. Among the factors the CEO may consider in assessing performance are net income, total net revenue, return on equity, earnings per share and capital ratios of the Firm, both on an absolute basis and, as appropriate, relative to peer firms. 
 For any calendar year ending during the vesting period, JPMorgan Chase s annual pre-tax pre-provision income at the Firm 

level is negative. 
 Awards granted to participants in a Line of Business for which you exercise, or during the vesting period exercised, direct or indirect responsibility, were in whole or in part cancelled because the Line of Business did not meet its annual Line of Business Financial Threshold. 
 The Firm does not meet the Firmwide Financial Threshold. 
 
 In the event that your employment terminates due to Job Elimination , Full Career Eligibility , Government Office or Disability thereby entitling you to continued vesting in your award (or potentially acceleration due to satisfaction of the Government Office Requirements), the cancellation circumstances described above will continue to apply to your At Risk RSUs pursuant to the subsection captioned Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity . 
 Any determination above with respect to protection-based vesting provisions is subject to ratification by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Committee ). In the case of an award to the CEO, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 
 
 Bonus Recoupment 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree that you are subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy) as in effect from time to time as it applies both to the cash incentive compensation awarded to you for performance year 2022 and to this award. You can access this policy as currently in effect by clicking the following link to the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate Governance Principles web page and scrolling to the Bonus Recoupment Policy located under the section titled Other Matters https about.jpmorganchase.com about governance corporate-governance-principles 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Firm under the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy). 
 
 Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth below under the subsections captioned --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability or under the section captioned Death , any RSUs outstanding under this award will be cancelled effective on the date your employment with the Firm terminates for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment , Your Obligations and Remedies ), you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest if you were still employed by JPMorgan Chase) with respect to your award in accordance with its terms and conditions following the termination of your employment if one of the following circumstances applies to you 
 
 Job Elimination 
 In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 
 the Firm terminated your employment because your job was eliminated, and 
 after you are notified that your job will be eliminated, you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 

Full Career Eligibility 
 In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 
 you voluntarily terminated your employment with the Firm, had completed at least five years of continuous service with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 the sum of your age and Recognized Service (as defined below) on your date of termination equaled or exceeded 60 and 
 you provided at least 180 days advance written notice to the Firm of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to your termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 for 36 months from the date of grant of this award you do not either perform services in any capacity such as an employee, contractor, consultant, advisor, or self-employed individual, whether paid or unpaid for a Financial Services Company (as defined below) or work in your profession (whether or not for a Financial Services Company) provided that you may work for a government, education or Not-for-Profit Organization (as defined below), and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during such 180-day period as a condition to continued vesting or shorten the length of the 180-day period at the Firm s sole discretion, but to a date 

no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the age and service requirements. 
 
 Additional advance notice requirements may apply for employees subject to notice period policies (see Notice Period below). 
 
 Government Office 
 In the event that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm to accept a Government Office or become a candidate for an elective Government Office, as described at the end of these terms and conditions under the section captioned Government Office Requirements . See also definition of Government Office in the section captioned Definitions . 
 
 Disability 
 In the event that 
 your employment with the Firm terminates because (i) you are unable to return to work while you are receiving benefits under the JPMorgan Chase Long Term Disability Plan, or for non-U.S. employees, under the equivalent JPMorgan Chase sponsored local country plan (in either case, LTD Plan ), or (ii) if you are not covered by a LTD Plan, you are unable to return to work due to a long-term disability that would qualify for benefits under the applicable LTD Plan, as determined by the Firm or a third-party designated by the Firm provided that you (x) request in writing continued vesting due to such disability within 30 days of the date your employment terminates, and (y) provide any requested supporting documentation and (z) receive the Firm s written consent to such treatment, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 
 Release Certification 
 To qualify for continued vesting after termination of your employment under any of the foregoing circumstances 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Firm, having such form and terms as the Firm shall specify, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility , prior to the termination of your employment, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least 180 days advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Full Career Eligibility , and receive written consent to such continued vesting, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility and Government Office , it is your responsibility to take the appropriate steps to certify to the Firm prior to each vesting date while the employment restrictions are outstanding, on the authorized form of the Firm, that you have complied with the employment restrictions applicable to you (as described herein) from your date of termination of employment through the applicable vesting date, 
 with respect to Disability , you must satisfy the notice and documentation described above and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations .) 
 
 Death 
 If you die while you are eligible to vest in RSUs under this award, the RSUs will immediately vest and will be distributed in shares of Common Stock (after applicable tax withholding) to your designated beneficiary on file with the Firm s Stock Administration Department, or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized locally, then to your estate unless otherwise required by local legislation. Any shares will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death however, our administrative practice is to register such shares in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Firm s receipt of any required documentation. 
 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers , --Confidential Information , --Non-Disparagement , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement and --Notice Period. 
 
 Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers 
 During your employment by the Firm and for the longer of the (i) one year period following the termination of your employment or, (ii) if your award is not cancelled as of your termination date, the three year period from Grant Date, you will not directly or indirectly, whether on your own behalf or on behalf of any other party, without the prior written consent of the Director of Human Resources (i) solicit, induce or encourage any of the Firm s then current employees to leave the Firm or to apply for employment elsewhere, unless such current employee has received official, written notice that his or her employment will be terminated due to job elimination, (ii) hire any employee or former employee who was employed by the Firm at the date your employment terminated, unless the individual s employment terminated because his or her job was eliminated, or the individual s employment with the Firm has been terminated for more than six months, (iii) to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable law, solicit or induce or attempt to induce to leave the Firm, or divert or attempt to divert from doing business with the Firm, any then current customers, suppliers or 

other persons or entities that were serviced by you or whose names became known to you by virtue of your employment with the Firm, or otherwise interfere with the relationship between the Firm and such customers, suppliers or other persons or entities. This does not apply to publicly known institutional customers that you service after your employment with the Firm without the use of the Firm s confidential or proprietary information. 
 
 These restrictions do not apply to authorized actions you take in the normal course of your employment with the Firm, such as employment decisions with respect to employees you supervise or business referrals in accordance with the Firm s policies. 
 
 Confidential Information 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, directly or indirectly (i) use or disclose to anyone any confidential information related to the Firm s business, or (ii) communicate with the press or other media about matters related to the Firm, its customers or employees, including matters and activities relating to your employment, or the employment of others, by the Firm, in the case of either (i) or (ii), except as explicitly permitted by the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior written authorization, access the Firm s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. Confidential information shall have the same meaning for the Award Agreement as it has in the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct. 
 
 Nothing in this award precludes you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 
 Non-Disparagement 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, make or encourage others to make any public statement or release any information in verbal, written, electronic or any other form, that is intended to, or reasonably could be foreseen to, disparage, embarrass or criticize the Firm or its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group. This shall not preclude you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors or to the government or a regulator conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or the Firm s Code of Conduct or responding truthfully to questions or requests for information to the government, a regulator or in a court of law in connection with a legal or regulatory investigation or proceeding. 
 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate fully with and provide full and accurate information to the Firm and its counsel with respect to any matter (including any audit, tax proceeding, litigation, investigation or governmental proceeding) with respect to which you may have knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Firm with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Firm to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 
 
 Notice Period 
 If you are subject to a notice period or become subject to a notice period after the Grant Date, whether by contract or by policy, that requires you to provide advance written notice of your intention to terminate your employment Notice Period ), then as consideration for this award and continued employment, you will provide the Firm with the necessary advance written notice that applies to you, as specified by such contract or policy. 
 
 After receipt of your notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during the applicable Notice Period or may place you on a paid leave for all or part of the applicable Notice Period. During the Notice Period, you shall continue to devote your full time and loyalty to the Firm by providing services in a cooperative and professional manner and not perform any services for any other employer and shall receive your base salary and certain benefits until your employment terminates. You and the Firm may mutually agree to waive or modify the length of the Notice Period. 
 
 Regardless of whether a Notice Period applies to you, you must comply with the 180-day advance notice period described under the subsection captioned --Full Career Eligibility in the event you wish to terminate employment under that same subsection. 
 
 Remedies 
 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus 

Recoupment , and Termination of Employment , up to 100 of your outstanding RSUs under this award may be cancelled if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 
 Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Firm insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Firm or its business activities, or 
 this award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Firm or its business activities, or 
 your employment was terminated for Cause (see section captioned Definitions below) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your employment could have been terminated for Cause. 
 you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 you have failed to return the required forms specified under the section captioned Release Certification by the specified deadline, or 
 you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 
 To the extent provided under the subsection captioned --Amendment below, JPMorgan Chase reserves the right to suspend vesting of this award and or distribution of shares under this award, including, without limitation, during any period that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating whether this award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares under this award are satisfied. JPMorgan Chase is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See also subsection captioned --No Ownership Rights Other Limitations . 
 
 Recovery 
 In addition, you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed under this award as follows 
 Payment may be required with respect to any shares distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 
 you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment, or 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations , or 
 you violated the employment restrictions set forth in the subsection --Full Career Eligibility or --Government Office following the termination of your employment. 
 In addition, payment may be required with respect to any shares distributed within the one year period prior to notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines appropriate as a result of the detrimental and risk-related conduct listed in the above Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture subsection. 
 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Firm to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Firm makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Firm s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Firm is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve JPMorgan Chase s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Firm shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Firm may determine in its sole discretion. 
 
 For purposes of this subsection, shares distributed under this award include shares withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Firm s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares that are or may be retained by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax payments previously made (whether by you or the Firm) that you will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, JPMorgan Chase will not require you to pay any amount that the Firm or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Bonus Recoupment . 

Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of the obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Firm, and therefore agree that the Firm shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of such obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Firm may have under law or equity. 
 
 Administrative Provisions 
 
 Withholding Taxes As a result of legal and or tax obligations the Firm, in its sole discretion, may (i) retain from each distribution the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy applicable tax obligations or (ii) implement any other desirable or necessary procedures, so that appropriate withholding and other taxes are paid to the competent authorities with respect to the vested shares, dividend equivalents and the award. This may include but is not limited to (i) a market sale of a number of such shares on your behalf substantially equal to the withholding or other taxes, (ii) to the extent required by law, withhold from cash compensation, an amount equal to any withholding obligation with respect to the award, shares that vest under this award, and or dividend equivalents, and (iii) retaining shares that vest under this award or dividend equivalents until you pay any taxes associated with the award, vested shares and or the dividend equivalents directly to the competent authorities. 
 
 Right to Set Off Although the Firm expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Firm may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Firm. Notwithstanding any account agreement with the Firm to the contrary, the Firm will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Firm pursuant to such account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt owed by you under this award without your consent. This restriction on the Firm does not apply to accounts described and authorized in No Ownership Rights Other Limitations described below. 
 
 No Ownership Rights Other Limitations RSUs do not convey the rights of ownership of Common Stock and do not carry voting rights. No shares of Common Stock will be issued to you until after the RSUs have vested. Shares will be issued in accordance with JPMorgan Chase s procedures for issuing stock. By accepting this award, you authorize the Firm, in its sole discretion, to establish on your behalf a brokerage account in your name with the Firm or book-entry account with our stock plan administrator and or transfer agent and deliver to that account any vested shares derived from the award. You also acknowledge that should there be a determination that the cancellation provisions of this award apply during the period when the vesting of any outstanding RSUs has been suspended, then you agree that such RSUs may be cancelled in whole or part. (See Sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment , Termination of Employment and Remedies , as well as the subsection captioned --Amendment permitting suspension of vesting.) 
 With respect to any applicable vesting date, JPMorgan Chase may impose for any reason, as of such vesting date for such period as it may specify in its sole discretion, such restrictions on the Common Stock to be issued to you as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, restricting the sale, transfer, pledging, assignment, hedging or encumbrance of such shares of Common Stock. Such restrictions described in the last sentence shall not impact your right to vote or receive dividends with respect to the Common Stock. By accepting this award, you acknowledge that during such specified period should there be a determination that the recovery provisions of this award apply, then you agree that you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares subject to such restrictions (notwithstanding the limitation set forth in the Right to Set Off subsection above). (See Sections captioned Bonus Recoupment and Remedies .) 
 
 Binding Agreement The Award Agreement will be binding upon any successor in interest to JPMorgan Chase, by merger or otherwise. 
 
 Not a Contract of Employment Nothing contained in the Award Agreement constitutes a contract of employment or continued employment. Employment is at-will and may be terminated by either you or JPMorgan Chase for any reason at any time. This award does not confer any right or entitlement to, nor does the award impose any obligation on the Firm to provide, the same or any similar award in the future and its value is not compensation for purposes of determining severance. 
 
 Section 409A Compliance To the extent that Section 409A of the Code is applicable to this award, distributions of shares and cash hereunder are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and the Award Agreement, including these terms and conditions, shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if you (i) are subject to taxation under the Code, (ii) are a specified employee as defined in the JPMorgan Chase 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan and (iii) have incurred a separation from service (as defined in that Plan with the exception of death) and if any units shares under this award represent deferred compensation as defined in Section 409A and such shares are distributable (under the terms of this award) within six months following, and as a result of your 

separation from service, then those shares will be delivered to you during the first calendar month after the expiration of six full months from date of your separation from service. Further, if your award is not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture as defined by regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code, then the remainder of each calendar year immediately following (i) each applicable vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement shall be a payment date for purposes of distributing the vested portion of the award and (ii) each date that JPMorgan Chase specifies for payment of dividends declared on its Common Stock, shall be the payment date(s) for purposes of distributing dividend equivalent payments. 
 
 Change in Outstanding Shares In the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, issuance of a new class of common stock, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to stockholders of Common Stock other than regular cash dividends, the Committee will make an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment, in the number or kind of shares of Common Stock or other securities issued or reserved for issuance pursuant to the Plan and to any RSUs outstanding under this award for such corporate events. 
 
 Interpretation Administration The Committee has sole and complete authority to interpret and administer this Award Agreement, including, 
 without limitation, the power to (i) interpret the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement (ii) determine the reason for termination of employment (iii) determine application of the post-employment obligations and cancellation and recovery provisions (iv) decide all claims arising with respect to this award and (v) delegate such authority as it deems appropriate. Any determination contemplated hereunder by the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources or their respective delegates or nominees shall be binding on all parties. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the determinations of the Director of Human Resources, the Firm, the Committee and their respective delegates and nominees under the Plan and the Award Agreements are not required to be uniform. By way of clarification, the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources and their respective delegates and nominees shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations and modifications under Award Agreements and the Plan. 
 
 Amendment The Committee or its nominee reserves the right to amend this Award Agreement in any manner, at any time and for any reason provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially adversely affect your rights under this Award Agreement without your consent except to the extent that the Committee or its delegate considers advisable to (x) comply with applicable laws or changes in or interpretation of applicable laws, regulatory requirements and accounting rules or standards and or (y) make a change in a scheduled vesting date or impose the restrictions described above under No Ownership Rights Other Limitations , in either case, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code if it is applicable to you. This Award Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by the Director of Human Resources of JPMorgan Chase. 
 
 Severability If any portion of the Award Agreement is determined by the Firm to be unenforceable in any jurisdiction, any court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction or the Director of Human Resources may reform the relevant provisions (e.g., as to length of service, time, geographical area or scope) to the extent the Firm (or court arbitrator) considers necessary to make the provision enforceable under applicable law. 
 
 Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity Upon receipt of satisfactory evidence that applicable United States federal, state, local, foreign or supranational ethics or conflict of interest laws or regulations require you to divest your interest in JPMorgan Chase RSUs, the Firm may accelerate the distribution of all or part of your outstanding award effective on or before the required divestiture date provided that no accelerated distribution shall occur if the Firm determines that such acceleration will violate Section 409A of the Code. Accelerated distribution under this paragraph does not impact the dates as set forth in the Remedies section above. The time period for recovery shall be determined by the originally scheduled vesting date or distribution date prior to any acceleration event. 
 If you have voluntarily terminated your employment and have satisfied the requirements of the section captioned Government Office Requirements , acceleration shall apply (to extent required) to the percentage of your outstanding award that would continue to vest under that section. In the case of a termination of employment where the award is outstanding as a result of the subsections entitled --Job Elimination or --Full Career Eligibility , then acceleration shall apply, to the extent required, to the full outstanding award. 
 Notwithstanding accelerated distribution pursuant to the foregoing, you will remain subject to the applicable terms of your Award Agreement as if your award had remained outstanding for the duration of the original vesting period and shares had been distributed as scheduled as of each applicable vesting date, including, but not limited to, repayment obligations set forth in the section captioned Remedies and the employment restrictions in the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting and Government Office Requirements and the subsection --Full Career Eligibility . 
 
 Use of Personal Data By accepting this award, you acknowledge that the Firm may process your personal data for the purposes of providing you this award (to include registration of shares and units or establishing a brokerage account on your behalf) and disclosing to third parties, such as service providers or tax and regulatory authorities (e.g., for compensation reporting and payroll 

tax withholding purposes). Additionally, you agree that the Firm may transfer your personal data to jurisdictions that do not afford protections equivalent to the protections in the country in which we collected your data. Where applicable law provides a right to terminate the foregoing authorization, you may do so at any time, except with respect to tax and regulatory reporting and the Firm s legal and regulatory obligations. In the event you terminate this authorization, your award will be cancelled. 
 
 Governing Law This award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 
 Choice of Forum By accepting this award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that to the extent not otherwise subject to arbitration under an arbitration agreement between you and the Firm, any dispute arising directly or indirectly in connection with this award or the Plan shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association if so elected by the Firm in its sole discretion. In the event such a dispute is not subject to arbitration for any reason, you agree to accept the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York with respect to any judicial proceeding in connection with this award or the Plan. You waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of such dispute and further agree not to commence any action arising out of or relating to this award or the Plan in any other forum. 
 
 Waiver of Jury Trial Class Claims By accepting this award, you agree, with respect to any claim brought in connection with your employment with the Firm in any forum (i) to waive the right to a jury trial and (ii) that any judicial proceeding or arbitration claim will be brought on an individual basis, and you hereby waive any right to submit, initiate, or participate in a representative capacity or as a plaintiff, claimant or member in a class action, collective action, or other representative or joint action. 
 
 Litigation By accepting any award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that in any action or proceeding by the Firm (other than a derivative suit in the right of the Firm) to enforce the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement or any other Award Agreement where the Firm is the prevailing party, the Firm shall be entitled to recover from you its reasonable attorney fees and expenses incurred in such action or proceeding. In addition, you agree that you are not entitled to, and agree not to seek, advancement of attorney fees and indemnification under the Firm s By-Laws in the event of such a suit by the Firm. 
 
 Non-transferability Neither this award or any other outstanding awards of RSUs, nor your interests or rights in any such awards, shall be assigned, pledged, transferred, hedged, hypothecated or subject to any lien. An award may be transferred following your death by will, the laws of descent or by a beneficiary designation on file with the Firm. 
 
 Outstanding Awards The Administrative provisions set forth above shall apply to any award of RSUs outstanding as of the date hereof, and such awards are hereby amended. 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Cause means a determination by the Firm that your employment terminated as a result of your (i) violation of any law, rule or regulation (including rules of self-regulatory bodies) related to the Firm s business, (ii) indictment or conviction of a felony, (iii) commission of a fraudulent act, (iv) violation of the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct or other Firm policies or misconduct related to your duties to the Firm (other than immaterial and inadvertent violations or misconduct), (v) grossly inadequate performance of the duties associated with your position or job function or failure to follow reasonable directives of your manager, or (vi) any act or failure to act that is injurious to the interests of the Firm or its relationship with a customer, client or an employee. 
 
 Financial Services Company means a business enterprise that engages in any of the following services (itself or through an affiliate or subsidiary), regardless of whether such services are the principle strategy or revenue-generating activity 
 commercial or retail banking, including, but not limited to, commercial, institutional and personal trust, custody and or lending and processing services, internet banking, originating and servicing mortgages, issuing and servicing credit cards, payment servicing or processing or merchant services, 
 insurance, including but not limited to, guaranteeing against loss, harm, damage, illness, disability or death, providing and issuing annuities, acting as principal, agent or broker for purpose of the forgoing, 
 financial, investment or economic advisory services, including but not limited to, investment banking services (such as advising on mergers or dispositions, underwriting, dealing in, or making a market in securities or other similar activities), brokerage services, investment management services, asset management services, foreign exchange services, interbank networks and hedge funds, 
 issuing, trading or selling instruments representing interests in pools of assets or in derivatives instruments, 
 financial technology companies, such as those selling blockchain services, or offering or selling financial products services, 
 advising on, or investing in, private equity or real estate funds or ventures, or 
 any similar activities that the Director of Human Resources or nominee determines in his or her sole discretion constitute 

financial services. 
 
 Firmwide Financial Threshold means a cumulative return on tangible common equity for calendar years 2023, 2024 and 2025 of not less than 15 . Cumulative return on tangible common equity means (i) the sum of the Firm s reported net income for all three calendar years, divided by (ii) reported year-end tangible equity averaged over the three years. 
 
 Government Office means (i) a full-time position in an elected or appointed office in local, state, or federal government (including equivalent positions outside the U.S. or in a supranational organization), not reasonably anticipated to be a full-career position, or (ii) conducting a bona fide full-time campaign for such an elective public office after formally filing for candidacy, where it is customary and reasonably necessary to campaign full-time for the office. 
 
 Line of Business means a business unit of the Firm (or one or more business units designated below under the definition Line of Business Financial Threshold of the Corporate Investment Bank). All Corporate Functions (including the functions of the Chief Investment Office) are considered a single Line of Business. 
 Line of Business Financial Threshold means the financial threshold set forth below for the following Lines of Business based on the Firm s management reporting system 
 Asset & Wealth Management Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 
 Card and Auto Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Commercial Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Investment Bank Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 for CIB overall or annual negative allocated product revenues (excluding XVA) for 
 Fixed Income 
 Equities 
 Securities Services 
 Global Investment Banking 
 Payments 
 Consumer Banking, J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and Business Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Functions (including Chief Investment Office) Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 at the Firm level 
 Home Lending Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 1 Pre-tax pre-provision income means Revenue less Expenses 
 2 Pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income means Revenue less (Expenses plus Net Charge-offs) 
 
 Not-for-Profit Organization means an entity exempt from tax under state law and under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. Section 501(c)(3) only includes entities organized and operated exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, testing for public safety, literary or educational purposes, or to foster national or international amateur sports competition or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals. Not-for-Profit Organization shall also mean entities outside the United States exempt from local and national tax laws because they are organized and operated exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, testing for public safety, literary or educational purposes, or to foster national or international amateur sports competition or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals. 
 
 Recognized Service means the period of service as an employee set forth in the Firm s applicable service-related policies. 
 
 Government Office Requirements 
 You may be eligible to continue vesting in all or part of your award if you voluntarily resign to accept a Government Office (as defined above) or to become a candidate for an elective Government Office. 
 
 Full Career Eligibility 
 Government Office Requirements does not apply to you if you satisfy the subsection captioned --Full Career Eligibility as of the date that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm. 
 
 Eligibility 
 Eligibility for continued vesting is conditioned on your providing the Firm 
 At least 60 days advance written notice of your intention to resign to accept or pursue a Government Office (see section captioned Definitions ), during which period you must perform in a cooperative and professional manner services requested by the Firm and not provide services for any other employer. The Firm may elect to shorten this notice period at the Firm s sole discretion. 
 Confirmation, in a form of satisfactory to the firm, that vesting in this award pursuant to this provision would not violate any applicable law, regulation or rule. 

Documentation in a form satisfactory to the Firm that your resignation is for the purpose of accepting a Government Office or becoming a candidate for a Government Office. (See Section captioned Definitions .) 
 
 Portion of Your Awards Subject to Continued Vesting 
 Subject to the conditions below, the percentage of your outstanding awards that will continue to vest in accordance with this award s original schedule will be based on your years of continuous service completed with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, as follows 
 50 if you have at least 3 but less than 4 years of continuous service, 
 75 if you have at least 4 but less than 5 years of continuous service, or 
 100 if you have 5 or more years of continuous service. 
 
 The portion of each award subject to continued vesting above is referred to as the CV Award and the portion not subject to continued vesting will be cancelled on the date your employment terminates. 
 
 Conditions for Continued Vesting of Awards 
 You must remain in a non-elective Government Office for two or more years after your employment with the Firm terminates to receive in full your CV Award provided that if your non-elective Government Office is for a period less than two years, you will be entitled to retain any portion of the CV Award with a vesting date during your period of Government Service or 
 In the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for an elective Government Office, your name must be on the primary or final public ballot for the election. (If you are not elected, see below for employment restrictions.) 
 
 Satisfaction of Conditions 
 If your service in a Government Office ends two years or more after your employment with the Firm terminates, or in the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for a Government Office, your name is on the primary or final public ballot for the election and you are not elected, any CV Awards then outstanding and any such awards that would have then been outstanding but for an accelerated distribution of shares (as described in the subsection captioned Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity will be subject for the remainder of the applicable vesting period to the same terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, including employment restrictions during the vesting period, as if you had resigned from the Firm having met the requirements for Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 Failure to Satisfy Conditions 
 If you do not satisfy the above Conditions for Continued Vesting of Awards , any outstanding RSUs under each CV Award will be cancelled. You also will be required to repay the Fair Market Value of the number of shares (before tax and other withholdings) of Common Stock distributed to you that would have been outstanding as RSUs on the date you failed to satisfy the Condition for Continued Vesting of Awards but for their accelerated distribution (as described in the subsection captioned Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity ). Fair Market Value for this purpose will be determined as the date that the shares were distributed. 

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF JANUARY 17, 2023 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 OPERATING COMMITTEE 

Award Agreement 
 These terms and conditions are made part of the Award Agreement dated as of January 17, 2023 Grant Date awarding Restricted Stock Units RSUs pursuant to the terms of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Plan ). To the extent the terms of the Award Agreement (all references to which will include these terms and conditions) conflict with the Plan, the Plan will govern. The Award Agreement, the Plan and Prospectus supersede any other agreement, whether written or oral, that may have been entered into by the Firm and you relating to this award. 
 This award was granted on the Grant Date subject to the Award Agreement. Unless you decline by the deadline and in the manner specified in the Award Agreement, you will have agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions, effective as of the Grant Date. If you decline the award, it will be cancelled as of the Grant Date. 
 
 Capitalized terms that are not defined in Definitions below or elsewhere in the Award Agreement will have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be referred to throughout the Award Agreement as JPMorgan Chase and together with its subsidiaries as the Firm . 
 
 Form and Purpose of Award 
 Each RSU represents a non-transferable right to receive one share of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date as set forth in your Award Agreement. 
 
 The purpose of this award is to motivate your future performance for services to be provided during the vesting period and to align your interests with those of the Firm and its shareholders. 
 
 Dividend Equivalents 
 This award is not eligible for dividend equivalent payments. 
 
 Vesting Period 
 The period from the Grant Date to the last vesting date is the vesting period (see subsections captioned --Amendment pursuant to which the Firm may extend the vesting period and --No Ownership Rights Other Limitations pursuant to which the Firm may place restrictions on delivered shares of Common Stock following a vesting date). 
 
 Protection-Based Vesting 
 This award is intended and expected to vest on the vesting date(s), provided that you are continuously employed by the Firm through such vesting date, or you meet the requirements for continued vesting described under the subsections --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability . However, vesting and the number of RSUs in which you vest are subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Remedies and the following protection-based vesting provision). 
 Up to a total of fifty percent of your award that would otherwise be distributable to you during the vesting period At Risk RSUs may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase CEO determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of all or portion of the At Risk RSUs is appropriate in light of any one or a combination of the following factors 
 Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position, or the Firm s performance in relation to the priorities for which you share responsibility as a member of the Operating Committee, have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time. Among the factors the CEO may consider in assessing performance are net income, total net revenue, return on equity, earnings per share and capital ratios of the Firm, both on an absolute basis and, as appropriate, relative to peer firms. 
 For any calendar year ending during the vesting period, JPMorgan Chase s annual pre-tax pre-provision income at the Firm level is negative. 
 Awards granted to participants in a Line of Business for which you exercise, or during the vesting period exercised, direct or indirect responsibility, were in whole or in part cancelled because the Line of Business did not meet its annual Line of Business Financial Threshold. 
 The Firm does not meet the Firmwide Financial Threshold. 

In the event that your employment terminates due to Job Elimination , Full Career Eligibility , Government Office or Disability thereby entitling you to continued vesting in your award (or potentially acceleration due to satisfaction of the Government Office Requirements), the cancellation circumstances described above will continue to apply to your At Risk RSUs pursuant to the subsection captioned Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity . 
 
 Any determination above with respect to protection-based vesting provisions is subject to ratification by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Committee ). In the case of an award to the CEO, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 
 
 Holding Requirement 
 As of each vesting date, you shall be entitled to a distribution equal to the Fair Market Value of the number of RSUs vesting on such date, less the number being withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. You agree that the distribution made to you will be held in an account in your name with restrictions preventing you from transferring, assigning, hedging, selling, pledging or otherwise encumbering such distribution for a twelve month period commencing with the vesting date. Such restrictions shall lapse in event of your death. 
 
 Bonus Recoupment 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree that you are subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy) as in effect from time to time as it applies both to the cash incentive compensation awarded to you for performance year 2022 and to this award. You can access this policy as currently in effect by clicking the following link to the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate Governance Principles web page and scrolling to the Bonus Recoupment Policy located under the section titled Other Matters https about.jpmorganchase.com about governance corporate-governance-principles 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Firm under the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy). 
 
 EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy Identified Staff 
 In consideration of grant of this award, and without prejudice to any other provision of this Award Agreement, you agree that you are subject to the JPMorgan Chase EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff (and any applicable supplement(s) to that policy) or successor policy as in effect from time to time as it applies both to the cash incentive compensation awarded to you for performance year 2022 and to this award. 
 
 The provisions of the JPMorgan Chase EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff set out the terms and conditions applying to the grant of this award which ensure that the Firm is able to meet its regulatory obligations to operate malus (reduce) and or clawback (recover) to awards in certain circumstances. These include, but are not limited to, where (i) there is a material downturn in the Firm s financial performance or (ii) where the Firm is required to hold more capital. The circumstances in which the events at (i) and (ii) would occur are analogous to some of the circumstances considered under the existing Firmwide terms and conditions, in particular the Bonus Recoupment Policy and the Protection Based Vesting provisions. You can access this policy as currently in effect in My Rewards through the following link https myrewards.jpmorganchase.com 
 
 Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth below under the subsections captioned --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability or under the section captioned Death , any RSUs outstanding under this award will be cancelled effective on the date your employment with the Firm terminates for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment , EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy Identified Staff , Your Obligations and Remedies ), you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest if you were still employed by JPMorgan Chase) with respect to your award in accordance with its terms and conditions following the termination of your employment if one of the following circumstances applies to you 
 
 Job Elimination 
 In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 
 the Firm terminated your employment because your job was eliminated, and 
 after you are notified that your job will be eliminated, you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 

Full Career Eligibility 

In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 
 you voluntarily terminated your employment with the Firm, had completed at least five years of continuous service with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 your Recognized Service (as defined below) on your date of termination equaled or exceeded 15 years, or your combined Recognized Service with the Firm and external professional experience (as attested by you to the Firm) equaled or exceeded 30 years, and 
 you provided at least 180 days advance written notice to the Firm of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to your termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 for 36 months from the date of grant of this award you do not either perform services in any capacity such as an employee, contractor, consultant, advisor, or self-employed individual, whether paid or unpaid for a Financial Services Company (as defined below) or work in your profession (whether or not for a Financial Services Company) provided that you may work for a government, education or Not-for-Profit Organization (as defined below), and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during such 180-day period as a condition to continued vesting or shorten the length of the 180-day period at the Firm s sole discretion, but to a date no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the service requirement. 
 
 Additional advance notice requirements may apply for employees subject to notice period policies (see Notice Period below). 
 
 Government Office 
 In the event that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm to accept a Government Office or become a candidate for an elective Government Office, as described at the end of these terms and conditions under the section captioned Government Office Requirements . See also definition of Government Office in the section captioned Definitions . 
 
 Disability 
 In the event that 
 your employment with the Firm terminates because (i) you are unable to return to work while you are receiving benefits under the JPMorgan Chase Long Term Disability Plan, or for non-U.S. employees, under the equivalent JPMorgan Chase sponsored local country plan (in either case, LTD Plan ), or (ii) if you are not covered by a LTD Plan, you are unable to return to work due to a long-term disability that would qualify for benefits under the applicable LTD Plan, as determined by the Firm or a third-party designated by the Firm provided that you (x) request in writing continued vesting due to such disability within 30 days of the date your employment terminates, and (y) provide any requested supporting documentation and (z) receive the Firm s written consent to such treatment, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 
 Release Certification 
 To qualify for continued vesting after termination of your employment under any of the foregoing circumstances 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Firm, having such form and terms as the Firm shall specify, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility , prior to the termination of your employment, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least 180 days advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Full Career Eligibility , and receive written consent to such continued vesting, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility and Government Office , it is your responsibility to take the appropriate steps to certify to the Firm prior to each vesting date while the employment restrictions are outstanding, on the authorized form of the Firm, that you have complied with the employment restrictions applicable to you (as described herein) from your date of termination of employment through the applicable vesting date, 
 with respect to Disability , you must satisfy the notice and documentation described above and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations .) 
 
 Death 
 If you die while you are eligible to vest in RSUs under this award, the RSUs will immediately vest and will be distributed in shares of Common Stock (after applicable tax withholding) to your designated beneficiary on file with the Firm s Stock Administration Department, or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized locally, then to 

your estate unless otherwise required by local legislation. Any shares will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death however, our administrative practice is to register such shares in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Firm s receipt of any required documentation. 
 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers , --Confidential Information , --Non-Disparagement , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement and --Notice Period. 
 
 Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers 
 During your employment by the Firm and for the longer of the (i) one year period following the termination of your employment or, (ii) if your award is not cancelled as of your termination date, the three year period from Grant Date, you will not directly or indirectly, whether on your own behalf or on behalf of any other party, without the prior written consent of the Director of Human Resources (i) solicit, induce or encourage any of the Firm s then current employees to leave the Firm or to apply for employment elsewhere, unless such current employee has received official, written notice that his or her employment will be terminated due to job elimination, (ii) hire any employee or former employee who was employed by the Firm at the date your employment terminated, unless the individual s employment terminated because his or her job was eliminated, or the individual s employment with the Firm has been terminated for more than six months, (iii) to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable law, solicit or induce or attempt to induce to leave the Firm, or divert or attempt to divert from doing business with the Firm, any then current customers, suppliers or other persons or entities that were serviced by you or whose names became known to you by virtue of your employment with the Firm, or otherwise interfere with the relationship between the Firm and such customers, suppliers or other persons or entities. This does not apply to publicly known institutional customers that you service after your employment with the Firm without the use of the Firm s confidential or proprietary information. 
 
 These restrictions do not apply to authorized actions you take in the normal course of your employment with the Firm, such as employment decisions with respect to employees you supervise or business referrals in accordance with the Firm s policies. 
 
 Confidential Information 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, directly or indirectly (i) use or disclose to anyone any confidential information related to the Firm s business, or (ii) communicate with the press or other media about matters related to the Firm, its customers or employees, including matters and activities relating to your employment, or the employment of others, by the Firm, in the case of either (i) or (ii), except as explicitly permitted by the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior written authorization, access the Firm s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. Confidential information shall have the same meaning for the Award Agreement as it has in the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct. 
 
 Nothing in this award precludes you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 
 Non-Disparagement 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, make or encourage others to make any public statement or release any information in verbal, written, electronic or any other form, that is intended to, or reasonably could be foreseen to, disparage, embarrass or criticize the Firm or its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group. This shall not preclude you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors or to the government or a regulator conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or the Firm s Code of Conduct or responding truthfully to questions or requests for information to the government, a regulator or in a court of law in connection with a legal or regulatory investigation or proceeding. 
 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate fully with and provide full and accurate information to the Firm and its counsel with respect to any matter (including any audit, tax proceeding, litigation, investigation or governmental proceeding) with respect to which you may have knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Firm with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Firm to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 

Notice Period 
 If you are subject to a notice period or become subject to a notice period after the Grant Date, whether by contract or by policy, that requires you to provide advance written notice of your intention to terminate your employment Notice Period ), then as consideration for this award and continued employment, you will provide the Firm with the necessary advance written notice that applies to you, as specified by such contract or policy. 
 
 After receipt of your notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during the applicable Notice Period or may place you on a paid leave for all or part of the applicable Notice Period. During the Notice Period, you shall continue to devote your full time and loyalty to the Firm by providing services in a cooperative and professional manner and not perform any services for any other employer and shall receive your base salary and certain benefits until your employment terminates. You and the Firm may mutually agree to waive or modify the length of the Notice Period. 
 
 Regardless of whether a Notice Period applies to you, you must comply with the 180-day advance notice period described under the subsection captioned --Full Career Eligibility in the event you wish to terminate employment under that same subsection. 
 
 Remedies 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment , EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff , and Termination of Employment , up to 100 of your outstanding RSUs under this award may be cancelled if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 
 Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Firm insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Firm or its business activities, or 
 this award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Firm or its business activities, or 
 your employment was terminated for Cause (see section captioned Definitions below) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your employment could have been terminated for Cause. 
 you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 you have failed to return the required forms specified under the section captioned Release Certification by the specified deadline, or 
 you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 
 To the extent provided under the subsection captioned --Amendment below, JPMorgan Chase reserves the right to suspend vesting of this award and or distribution of shares under this award, including, without limitation, during any period that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating whether this award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares under this award are satisfied. JPMorgan Chase is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See also subsection captioned --No Ownership Rights Other Limitations . 
 
 Recovery 
 In addition, you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed under this award as follows 
 Payment may be required with respect to any shares distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 
 you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment, or 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations , or 
 you violated the employment restrictions set forth in the subsection --Full Career Eligibility or --Government Office following the termination of your employment. 
 In addition, payment may be required with respect to any shares distributed within the one year period prior to notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines appropriate as a result of the detrimental and risk-related conduct listed in the above Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture subsection. 
 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Firm to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the 

foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Firm makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Firm s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Firm is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve JPMorgan Chase s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Firm shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Firm may determine in its sole discretion. 
 For purposes of this subsection, shares distributed under this award include shares withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Firm s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares that are or may be retained by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax payments previously made (whether by you or the Firm) that you will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, JPMorgan Chase will not require you to pay any amount that the Firm or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Bonus Recoupment and EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff . 
 
 Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of the obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Firm, and therefore agree that the Firm shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of such obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Firm may have under law or equity. 
 
 Administrative Provisions 
 
 Withholding Taxes As a result of legal and or tax obligations the Firm, in its sole discretion, may (i) retain from each distribution the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy applicable tax obligations or (ii) implement any other desirable or necessary procedures, so that appropriate withholding and other taxes are paid to the competent authorities with respect to the vested shares and the award. This may include but is not limited to (i) a market sale of a number of such shares on your behalf substantially equal to the withholding or other taxes, (ii) to the extent required by law, withhold from cash compensation, an amount equal to any withholding obligation with respect to the award and shares that vest under this award, and (iii) retaining shares that vest under this award until you pay any taxes associated with the award and or vested shares directly to the competent authorities. 
 
 Right to Set Off Although the Firm expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Firm may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Firm. Notwithstanding any account agreement with the Firm to the contrary, the Firm will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Firm pursuant to such account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt owed by you under this award without your consent. This restriction on the Firm does not apply to accounts described and authorized in No Ownership Rights Other Limitations described below. 
 
 No Ownership Rights Other Limitations RSUs do not convey the rights of ownership of Common Stock and do not carry voting rights. No shares of Common Stock will be issued to you until after the RSUs have vested. Shares will be issued in accordance with JPMorgan Chase s procedures for issuing stock. By accepting this award, you authorize the Firm, in its sole discretion, to establish on your behalf a brokerage account in your name with the Firm or book-entry account with our stock plan administrator and or transfer agent and deliver to that account any vested shares derived from the award. You also acknowledge that should there be a determination that the cancellation provisions of this award apply during the period when the vesting of any outstanding RSUs has been suspended, then you agree that such RSUs may be cancelled in whole or part. (See Sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment , EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff , Termination of Employment and Remedies , as well as the subsection captioned --Amendment permitting suspension of vesting.) 
 
 With respect to any applicable vesting date, JPMorgan Chase may impose for any reason, as of such vesting date for such period as it may specify in its sole discretion, such restrictions on the Common Stock to be issued to you as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, restricting the sale, transfer, pledging, assignment, hedging or encumbrance of such shares of Common Stock. Such restrictions described in the last sentence shall not impact your right to vote or receive dividends with respect to the Common Stock. By accepting this award, you acknowledge that during such specified period should there be a determination that the recovery 

provisions of this award apply, then you agree that you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares subject to such restrictions (notwithstanding the limitation set forth in the Right to Set Off subsection above). (See Sections captioned Bonus Recoupment and Remedies .) 
 
 Binding Agreement The Award Agreement will be binding upon any successor in interest to JPMorgan Chase, by merger or otherwise. 
 
 Not a Contract of Employment Nothing contained in the Award Agreement constitutes a contract of employment or continued employment. Employment is at-will and may be terminated by either you or JPMorgan Chase for any reason at any time. This award does not confer any right or entitlement to, nor does the award impose any obligation on the Firm to provide, the same or any similar award in the future and its value is not compensation for purposes of determining severance. 
 
 Section 409A Compliance To the extent that Section 409A of the Code is applicable to this award, distributions of shares hereunder are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and the Award Agreement, including these terms and conditions, shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if you (i) are subject to taxation under the Code, (ii) are a specified employee as defined in the JPMorgan Chase 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan and (iii) have incurred a separation from service (as defined in that Plan with the exception of death) and if any units shares under this award represent deferred compensation as defined in Section 409A and such shares are distributable (under the terms of this award) within six months following, and as a result of your separation from service, then those shares will be delivered to you during the first calendar month after the expiration of six full months from date of your separation from service. Further, if your award is not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture as defined by regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code, then the remainder of each calendar year immediately following each applicable vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement shall be a payment date for purposes of distributing the vested portion of the award. 
 
 Change in Outstanding Shares In the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, issuance of a new class of common stock, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to stockholders of Common Stock other than regular cash dividends, the Committee will make an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment, in the number or kind of shares of Common Stock or other securities issued or reserved for issuance pursuant to the Plan and to any RSUs outstanding under this award for such corporate events. 
 
 Interpretation Administration The Committee has sole and complete authority to interpret and administer this Award Agreement, including, without limitation, the power to (i) interpret the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement (ii) determine the reason for termination of employment (iii) determine application of the post-employment obligations and cancellation and recovery provisions (iv) decide all claims arising with respect to this award and (v) delegate such authority as it deems appropriate. Any determination contemplated hereunder by the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources or their respective delegates or nominees shall be binding on all parties. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the determinations of the Director of Human Resources, the Firm, the Committee and their respective delegates and nominees under the Plan and the Award Agreements are not required to be uniform. By way of clarification, the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources and their respective delegates and nominees shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations and modifications under Award Agreements and the Plan. 
 
 Amendment The Committee or its nominee reserves the right to amend this Award Agreement in any manner, at any time and for any reason provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially adversely affect your rights under this Award Agreement without your consent except to the extent that the Committee or its delegate considers advisable to (x) comply with applicable laws or changes in or interpretation of applicable laws, regulatory requirements and accounting rules or standards and or (y) make a change in a scheduled vesting date or impose the restrictions described above under No Ownership Rights Other Limitations , in either case, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code if it is applicable to you. This Award Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by the Director of Human Resources of JPMorgan Chase. 
 
 Severability If any portion of the Award Agreement is determined by the Firm to be unenforceable in any jurisdiction, any court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction or the Director of Human Resources may reform the relevant provisions (e.g., as to length of service, time, geographical area or scope) to the extent the Firm (or court arbitrator) considers necessary to make the provision enforceable under applicable law. 

Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity Upon receipt of satisfactory evidence that applicable United States federal, state, local, foreign or supranational ethics or conflict of interest laws or regulations require you to divest your interest in JPMorgan Chase RSUs, the Firm may accelerate the distribution of all or part of your outstanding award effective on or before the required divestiture date provided that no accelerated distribution shall occur if the Firm determines that such acceleration will violate Section 409A of the Code. Accelerated distribution under this paragraph does not impact the dates as set forth in the Remedies section above. The time period for recovery shall be determined by the originally scheduled vesting date or distribution date prior to any acceleration event. 
 If you have voluntarily terminated your employment and have satisfied the requirements of the section captioned Government Office Requirements , acceleration shall apply (to extent required) to the percentage of your outstanding award that would continue to vest under that section. In the case of a termination of employment where the award is outstanding as a result of the subsections entitled --Job Elimination or --Full Career Eligibility , then acceleration shall apply, to the extent required, to the full outstanding award. 
 Notwithstanding accelerated distribution pursuant to the foregoing, you will remain subject to the applicable terms of your Award Agreement as if your award had remained outstanding for the duration of the original vesting period and shares had been distributed as scheduled as of each applicable vesting date, including, but not limited to, repayment obligations set forth in the section captioned Remedies and the employment restrictions in the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting and Government Office Requirements and the subsection --Full Career Eligibility . 
 
 Use of Personal Data By accepting this award, you acknowledge that the Firm may process your personal data for the purposes of providing you this award (to include registration of shares and units or establishing a brokerage account on your behalf) and disclosing to third parties, such as service providers or tax and regulatory authorities (e.g., for compensation reporting and payroll tax withholding purposes). Additionally, you agree that the Firm may transfer your personal data to jurisdictions that do not afford protections equivalent to the protections in the country in which we collected your data. Where applicable law provides a right to terminate the foregoing authorization, you may do so at any time, except with respect to tax and regulatory reporting and the Firm s legal and regulatory obligations. In the event you terminate this authorization, your award will be cancelled. 
 
 Governing Law This award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 
 Choice of Forum By accepting this award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that to the extent not otherwise subject to arbitration under an arbitration agreement between you and the Firm, any dispute arising directly or indirectly in connection with this award or the Plan shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association if so elected by the Firm in its sole discretion. In the event such a dispute is not subject to arbitration for any reason, you agree to accept the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York with respect to any judicial proceeding in connection with this award or the Plan. You waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of such dispute and further agree not to commence any action arising out of or relating to this award or the Plan in any other forum. 
 
 Waiver of Jury Trial Class Claims By accepting this award, you agree, with respect to any claim brought in connection with your employment with the Firm in any forum (i) to waive the right to a jury trial and (ii) that any judicial proceeding or arbitration claim will be brought on an individual basis, and you hereby waive any right to submit, initiate, or participate in a representative capacity or as a plaintiff, claimant or member in a class action, collective action, or other representative or joint action. 
 
 Litigation By accepting any award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that in any action or proceeding by the Firm (other than a derivative suit in the right of the Firm) to enforce the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement or any other Award Agreement where the Firm is the prevailing party, the Firm shall be entitled to recover from you its reasonable attorney fees and expenses incurred in such action or proceeding. In addition, you agree that you are not entitled to, and agree not to seek, advancement of attorney fees and indemnification under the Firm s By-Laws in the event of such a suit by the Firm. 
 
 Non-transferability Neither this award or any other outstanding awards of RSUs, nor your interests or rights in any such awards, shall be assigned, pledged, transferred, hedged, hypothecated or subject to any lien. An award may be transferred following your death by will, the laws of descent or by a beneficiary designation on file with the Firm. 
 
 Outstanding Awards The Administrative provisions set forth above shall apply to any award of RSUs outstanding as of the date hereof, and such awards are hereby amended. 
 
 Definitions 
 Cause means a determination by the Firm that your employment terminated as a result of your (i) violation of any law, rule or regulation (including rules of self-regulatory bodies) related to the Firm s business, (ii) indictment or conviction of a felony, (iii) commission of a fraudulent act, (iv) violation of the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct or other Firm policies or misconduct related to 

your duties to the Firm (other than immaterial and inadvertent violations or misconduct), (v) grossly inadequate performance of the duties associated with your position or job function or failure to follow reasonable directives of your manager, or (vi) any act or failure to act that is injurious to the interests of the Firm or its relationship with a customer, client or an employee. 
 
 Financial Services Company means a business enterprise that engages in any of the following services (itself or through an affiliate or subsidiary), regardless of whether such services are the principle strategy or revenue-generating activity 
 commercial or retail banking, including, but not limited to, commercial, institutional and personal trust, custody and or lending and processing services, internet banking, originating and servicing mortgages, issuing and servicing credit cards, payment servicing or processing or merchant services, 
 insurance, including but not limited to, guaranteeing against loss, harm, damage, illness, disability or death, providing and issuing annuities, acting as principal, agent or broker for purpose of the forgoing, 
 financial, investment or economic advisory services, including but not limited to, investment banking services (such as advising on mergers or dispositions, underwriting, dealing in, or making a market in securities or other similar activities), brokerage services, investment management services, asset management services, foreign exchange services, interbank networks and hedge funds, 
 issuing, trading or selling instruments representing interests in pools of assets or in derivatives instruments, 
 financial technology companies, such as those selling blockchain services, or offering or selling financial products services, 
 advising on, or investing in, private equity or real estate funds or ventures, or 
 any similar activities that the Director of Human Resources or nominee determines in his or her sole discretion constitute financial services. 
 
 Firmwide Financial Threshold means a cumulative return on tangible common equity for calendar years 2023, 2024 and 2025 of not less than 15 . Cumulative return on tangible common equity means (i) the sum of the Firm s reported net income for all three calendar years, divided by (ii) reported year-end tangible equity averaged over the three years. 
 
 Government Office means (i) a full-time position in an elected or appointed office in local, state, or federal government (including equivalent positions outside the U.S. or in a supranational organization), not reasonably anticipated to be a full-career position, or (ii) conducting a bona fide full-time campaign for such an elective public office after formally filing for candidacy, where it is customary and reasonably necessary to campaign full-time for the office. 
 
 Line of Business 
 Line of Business means a business unit of the Firm (or one or more business units designated below under the definition Line of Business Financial Threshold of the Corporate Investment Bank). All Corporate Functions (including the functions of the Chief Investment Office) are considered a single Line of Business. 
 
 Line of Business Financial Threshold means the financial threshold set forth below for the following Lines of Business based on the Firm s management reporting system 
 Asset & Wealth Management Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 
 Card and Auto Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Commercial Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Investment Bank Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 for CIB overall or annual negative allocated product revenues (excluding XVA) for 
 Fixed Income 
 Equities 
 Securities Services 
 Global Investment Banking 
 Payments 
 Consumer Banking, J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and Business Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Functions (including Chief Investment Office) Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 at the Firm level 
 Home Lending Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 1 Pre-tax pre-provision income means Revenue less Expenses 
 2 Pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income means Revenue less (Expenses plus Net Charge-offs) 
 
 Not-for-Profit Organization means an entity exempt from tax under state law and under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. Section 501(c)(3) only includes entities organized and operated exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, testing for public safety, literary or educational purposes, or to foster national or international amateur sports competition or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals. Not-for-Profit Organization shall also mean entities outside the United States exempt from local and national tax 

laws because they are organized and operated exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, testing for public safety, literary or educational purposes, or to foster national or international amateur sports competition or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals. 
 Recognized Service means the period of service as an employee set forth in the Firm s applicable service-related policies. 
 Government Office Requirements 
 You may be eligible to continue vesting in all or part of your award if you voluntarily resign to accept a Government Office (as defined above) or to become a candidate for an elective Government Office. 
 Full Career Eligibility 
 Government Office Requirements does not apply to you if you satisfy the subsection captioned --Full Career Eligibility as of the date that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm. 
 
 Eligibility 
 Eligibility for continued vesting is conditioned on your providing the Firm 
 At least 60 days advance written notice of your intention to resign to accept or pursue a Government Office (see section captioned Definitions ), during which period you must perform in a cooperative and professional manner services requested by the Firm and not provide services for any other employer. The Firm may elect to shorten this notice period at the Firm s sole discretion. 
 Confirmation, in a form of satisfactory to the firm, that vesting in this award pursuant to this provision would not violate any applicable law, regulation or rule. 
 Documentation in a form satisfactory to the Firm that your resignation is for the purpose of accepting a Government Office or becoming a candidate for a Government Office. (See Section captioned Definitions .) 
 
 Portion of Your Awards Subject to Continued Vesting 
 Subject to the conditions below, the percentage of your outstanding awards that will continue to vest in accordance with this award s original schedule will be based on your years of continuous service completed with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, as follows 
 50 if you have at least 3 but less than 4 years of continuous service, 
 75 if you have at least 4 but less than 5 years of continuous service, or 
 100 if you have 5 or more years of continuous service. 
 
 The portion of each award subject to continued vesting above is referred to as the CV Award and the portion not subject to continued vesting will be cancelled on the date your employment terminates. 
 
 Conditions for Continued Vesting of Awards 
 You must remain in a non-elective Government Office for two or more years after your employment with the Firm terminates to receive in full your CV Award provided that if your non-elective Government Office is for a period less than two years, you will be entitled to retain any portion of the CV Award with a vesting date during your period of Government Service or 
 In the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for an elective Government Office, your name must be on the primary or final public ballot for the election. (If you are not elected, see below for employment restrictions.) 
 
 Satisfaction of Conditions 
 If your service in a Government Office ends two years or more after your employment with the Firm terminates, or in the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for a Government Office, your name is on the primary or final public ballot for the election and you are not elected, any CV Awards then outstanding and any such awards that would have then been outstanding but for an accelerated distribution of shares (as described in the subsection captioned Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity will be subject for the remainder of the applicable vesting period to the same terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, including employment restrictions during the vesting period, as if you had resigned from the Firm having met the requirements for Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 Failure to Satisfy Conditions 
 If you do not satisfy the above Conditions for Continued Vesting of Awards , any outstanding RSUs under each CV Award will be cancelled. You also will be required to repay the Fair Market Value of the number of shares (before tax and other withholdings) of Common Stock distributed to you that would have been outstanding as RSUs on the date you failed to satisfy the Condition for Continued Vesting of Awards but for their accelerated distribution (as described in the subsection captioned Accelerated 

Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity ). Fair Market Value for this purpose will be determined as the date that the shares were distributed. 

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ______________, 20____ 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD 
 OPERATING COMMITTEE 
 (Protection-Based Vesting Provisions) 
 
 Award Agreement 
 These terms and conditions are made part of the Award Agreement dated as of ________________, 20____ Grant Date awarding performance share units PSUs pursuant to the terms of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Plan ). To the extent the terms of the Award Agreement (all references to which will include these terms and conditions) conflict with the Plan, the Plan will govern. The Award Agreement, the Plan and Prospectus supersede any other agreement, whether written or oral, that may have been entered into by the Firm and you relating to this award. 
 This award was granted on the Grant Date subject to the Award Agreement and Plan. Unless you decline by the deadline and in the manner specified in the Award Agreement, you will have agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions, effective as of the Grant Date. If you decline the award, it will be cancelled as of the Grant Date. 
 Capitalized terms that are not defined in Definitions below or elsewhere in the Award Agreement will have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be referred to throughout the Award Agreement as JPMorgan Chase , and together with its subsidiaries as the Firm . 
 Form and Purpose of Award 
 Each PSU represents a non-transferable right to receive one share of Common Stock as of the vesting date as set forth in your Award Agreement. 
 The purpose of this award is to further emphasize sustained long-term performance and to align your interests with those of the Firm and its shareholders. 
 Number to Vest on the Vesting Date 
 Subject to any cancellation in whole or part of your award pursuant to these terms and conditions 
 Performance calculation On the vesting date, you will vest in a number of PSUs derived by multiplying the Target Award Number by the Award Payout Percentage determined using the Performance Table. See sections captioned Calculation of Performance Ranking and Definitions . 
 You will also vest in additional shares of Common Stock as calculated under the section captioned, Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units . Delivery of vested shares to your account will be made not later than the date specified in the last sentence of the subsection captioned Section 409A Compliance . 
 Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units 
 If dividends are paid on Common Stock during the Vesting Period while the award is outstanding, you will receive on the vesting date additional units representing shares of Common Stock as calculated in this section. The number, if any, will be based on the dividends that would have been paid during the Vesting Period as of each dividend payment date on the actual number of shares of Common Stock distributable to you resulting from the vesting of the PSUs, if any, and treated as reinvested in additional shares of Common Stock on each dividend payment based on the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on each dividend payment date Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units ). 
 Holding Requirement 
 As of the vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement, you shall be entitled to be issued a number of shares of the Common Stock of JPMorgan Chase equal to the number of PSUs, if any, plus any additional Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units, vesting on such date, less the number withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. The net number of shares issued to you will be held in an account in your name with restrictions preventing you from transferring, assigning, hedging, selling, pledging or otherwise encumbering such shares for a two-year period commencing as of the vesting date and ending as of the second anniversary of the vesting date. Such restrictions shall only lapse, prior to the expiration of the two-year holding period, in the event of your death or for an accelerated distribution for ethics or conflict reasons. See section captioned, Death and subsection captioned, Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting from Employment by a Government Entity . 
 Calculation of Performance Ranking 
 For purposes of the Performance Ranking, the ranking of the Firm and of each Performance Company for the Performance Period shall be determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, using the definitions of Average Tangible Common Equity (if otherwise applicable), Calculated PSUs , Firm Reported ROTCE , Performance Table (including its footnote) and ROTCE as set forth in the 

Definitions section of these terms and conditions. See section captioned Definitions . Except for Firm Reported ROTCE, calculations will be expressed as a decimal to the second place (i.e. xx.yy ), rounded to the nearest hundredth. See section captioned, Definitions --Performance Table in the event of a tie. All performance based calculations as set forth herein are binding and conclusive on you and your successors. 
 Capital Ratio Performance Threshold 
 Unvested PSUs are subject to reduction if the Firm s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio at any year end falls below a predetermined threshold of ______ . 
 If the Firm s CET1 capital ratio at any year end during the Performance Period is below this predetermined threshold, up to one-third of the Target Award Number of PSUs will be subject to downward adjustment by the CMDC for each such year. 
 Vesting Period 
 The period from the Grant Date to the vesting date is the Vesting Period . (See Administrative Provision--Amendment pursuant to which the Firm may extend the vesting period and No Ownership Rights Other Limitations pursuant to which the Firm may place restrictions on delivered shares of Common Stock following the vesting date and section captioned, Holding Period above.) 
 Protection-Based Vesting 
 This award is intended and expected to vest on the vesting date, provided that you are continuously employed by the Firm through such vesting date, or you meet the requirements for continued vesting described under the subsections --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability . However, vesting and the number of PSUs that will vest are subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Number to Vest on Vesting Date , Capital Ratio Performance Threshold , Remedies and the following protection-based vesting provision). 
 
 Up to a total of fifty percent of your award (including any associated Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units) that would otherwise be distributable to you on the vesting date At Risk PSUs may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase CEO determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of all or portion of the At Risk PSUs is appropriate in light of any one or a combination of the following factors 
 Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position, or the Firm s performance in relation to the priorities for which you share responsibility as a member of the Operating Committee, have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time. Among the factors the CEO may consider in assessing performance are net income, total net revenue, earnings per share and capital ratios of the Firm, both on an absolute basis and, as appropriate, relative to peer firms. 
 For any calendar year ending during the vesting period, JPMorgan Chase s annual pre-tax pre-provision income at the Firm level is negative. 
 RSU awards granted to participants in a Line of Business for which you exercise, or during the vesting period exercised, direct or indirect responsibility, were in whole or in part cancelled because the Line of Business did not meet its annual Line of Business Financial Threshold. 
 The Firm does not meet the Firmwide Financial Threshold. 
 
 For avoidance of doubt, cancellation of the At Risk PSUs, in whole or part, for one or more of the above factors may occur prior to the end of the Performance Period and the maximum number of At Risk PSUs subject to cancellation prior to the end of the Performance Period will be up to fifty percent of the Target Award Number. 
 In the event that your employment terminates due to Job Elimination , Full Career Eligibility , Government Office or Disability thereby entitling you to continued vesting in your award, (or potentially acceleration due to satisfaction of the Government Office Requirements), the cancellation circumstances described above will continue to apply. 
 Any determination above with respect to protection-based vesting provisions is subject to ratification by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Committee ). In the case of an award to any current or former CEO, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 
 Bonus Recoupment 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree that you are subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy) as in effect from time to time as it applies both to the cash incentive compensation awarded to you for performance year 20______ and to this award. You can access this policy as currently in effect by clicking the following link to the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate Governance Principles web page and scrolling to the Bonus Recoupment Policy located under the section titled Other Matters 
 https about.jpmorganchase.com about governance corporate-governance-principles 
 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Firm under the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy). 

Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth below under the subsections captioned --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability or under the section captioned Death , this award (for avoidance of doubt, including any associated Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units) will be cancelled in full effective on the date your employment with the Firm terminates for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Number to Vest on Vesting Date , Bonus Recoupment , Your Obligations and Remedies you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest if you were still employed by JPMorgan Chase) with respect to your award in accordance with its terms and conditions following the termination of your employment if one of the following circumstances applies to you 
 Job Elimination 
 In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 
 the Firm terminated your employment because your job was eliminated, and 
 after you are notified that your job will be eliminated, you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 Full Career Eligibility 
 In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 
 you voluntarily terminated your employment with the Firm, had completed at least five years of continuous service with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 the sum of your age and Recognized Service (as defined below) on your date of termination equaled or exceeded 60, and 
 you provided at least 180 days advance written notice to the Firm of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to your termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 for 36 months from the date of grant of this award, you do not either perform services in any capacity (such as an employee, contractor, consultant advisor, or self-employed individual, whether paid or unpaid) for a Financial Services Company (as defined below) or work in your profession (whether or not for a Financial Services Company) provided that you may work for a government, education or Not-for-Profit Organization (as defined below), and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during such 180-day period as a condition to continued vesting or shorten the length of the 180-day period at the Firm s sole discretion, but to a date no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the age and service requirements. 
 Additional advance notice requirements may apply for employees subject to notice period policies. (See Notice Period below.) 
 Government Office 
 In the event that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm to accept a Government Office or become a candidate for an elective Government Office, as described at the end of these terms and conditions under the section captioned Government Office Requirements . See also definition of Government Office in the section captioned Definitions . 
 
 Disability 
 In the event that 
 your employment with the Firm terminates because (i) you are unable to return to work while you are receiving benefits under the JPMorgan Chase Long Term Disability Plan, or for non-U.S. employees, under the equivalent JPMorgan Chase-sponsored local country plan (in either case, LTD Plan ), or (ii) if you are not covered by a LTD Plan, you are unable to return to work due to a long-term disability that would qualify for benefits under the applicable LTD Plan, as determined by the Firm or a third-party designated by the Firm provided that you (x) request in writing continued vesting due to such disability within 30 days of the date your employment terminates, and (y) provide any requested supporting documentation and (z) receive the Firm s written consent to such treatment, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 

Release Certification 
 To qualify for continued vesting after termination of your employment under any of the foregoing circumstances 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Firm, having such form and terms as the Firm shall specify, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility, prior to the termination of your employment, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least 180 days advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Full Career Eligibility, and receive written consent to such continued vesting, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility and Government Office , it is your responsibility to take the appropriate steps to certify to the Firm prior to the vesting date while the employment restrictions are outstanding on the authorized form of the Firm that you have complied with the employment restrictions applicable to you (as described herein) from your date of termination of employment through the applicable vesting date, 
 with respect to Disability, you must satisfy the notice and documentation described above and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, otherwise complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations below.) 
 Death 
 If you die while you are eligible to vest in this award, your designated beneficiary on file with the Firm s Stock Administration Department (or your estate or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized locally) may be entitled to receive a distribution of a number of shares of Common Stock associated with your award. The Award Payout Percentage in the case of death is based on the Number to Vest on the Vesting Date calculation described above using the average performance of all completed calendar years, multiplied by one-third of the Target Award Number of PSUs for each completed calendar year in the Performance Period, and using the Award Payout Percentage equal to 100 percent for any remaining calendar years in the Performance Period. 
 In addition, your beneficiary or your estate shall receive additional shares of Common Stock, i.e. Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units, as set forth in the section captioned, Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units but based on dividend equivalents up to the date of your death. 
 Any shares will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death however, our administrative practice is to register such shares in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Firm s receipt of any required documentation. 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers , --Confidential Information , --Non-Disparagement , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement , and --Notice Period . 
 Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers 
 During your employment by the Firm and for the longer of the (i) one year period following the termination of your employment or, (ii) if your award is not cancelled as of your termination date, the three year period from Grant Date, you will not directly or indirectly, whether on your own behalf or on behalf of any other party, without the prior written consent of the Director of Human Resources (i) solicit, induce or encourage any of the Firm s then current employees to leave the Firm or to apply for employment elsewhere, unless such current employee has received official, written notice that his or her employment will be terminated due to job elimination (ii) hire any employee or former employee who was employed by the Firm at the date your employment terminated, unless the individual s employment terminated because his or her job was eliminated, or the individual s employment with the Firm has been terminated for more than six months, (iii) to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable law, solicit or induce or attempt to induce to leave the Firm, or divert or attempt to divert from doing business with the Firm, any then current customers, suppliers or other persons or entities that were serviced by you or whose names became known to you by virtue of your employment with the Firm, or otherwise interfere with the relationship between the Firm and such customers, suppliers or other persons or entities. This does not apply to publicly known institutional customers that you service after your employment with the Firm without the use of the Firm s confidential or proprietary information. 
 These restrictions do not apply to authorized actions you take in the normal course of your employment with the Firm, such as employment decisions with respect to employees you supervise or business referrals in accordance with the Firm s policies. 
 
 Confidential Information 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, directly or indirectly (i) use or disclose to anyone any confidential information related to the Firm s business, or (ii) communicate with the press or other media about matters related to the Firm, its customers or employees, including matters and activities relating to your employment, or the employment of others, by the Firm, in the case of either (i) or (ii), except as explicitly permitted by the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior 

written authorization, access the Firm s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. Confidential information shall have the same meaning for the Award Agreement as it has in the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct. 
 Nothing in this award precludes you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 
 Non-Disparagement 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, make or encourage others to make any public statement or release any information in verbal, written, electronic or any other form, that is intended to, or reasonably could be foreseen to, disparage, embarrass or criticize the Firm or its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group. This shall not preclude you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors or to the government or a regulator conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or the Firm s Code of Conduct or responding truthfully to questions or requests for information to the government, a regulator or in a court of law in connection with a legal or regulatory investigation or proceeding. 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate fully with and provide full and accurate information to the Firm and its counsel with respect to any matter (including any audit, tax proceeding, litigation, investigation or governmental proceeding) with respect to which you may have knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Firm with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Firm to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 
 
 Notice Period 
 If you are subject to a notice period or become subject to a notice period after the Grant Date, whether by contract or by policy, that requires you to provide advance written notice of your intention to terminate your employment Notice Period ), then as consideration for this award and continued employment, you will provide the Firm with the necessary advance written notice that applies to you, as specified by such contract or policy. 
 After receipt of your notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during the applicable Notice Period or may place you on a paid leave for all or part of the applicable Notice Period. During the Notice Period, you shall continue to devote your full time and loyalty to the Firm by providing services in a cooperative and professional manner and not perform any services for any other employer and shall receive your base salary and certain benefits until your employment terminates. You and the Firm may mutually agree to waive or modify the length of the Notice Period. 
 Regardless of whether a Notice Period applies to you, you must comply with the 180-day advance notice period described under the subsection captioned -- Full Career Eligibility in the event you wish to terminate employment under that same subsection. 
 Remedies 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment and Termination of Employment , up to 100 of your award (for the avoidance of doubt, including any associated Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units as well as the Calculated PSUs) your outstanding PSUs under this award may be cancelled if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 
 
 Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Firm insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Firm or its business activities, or 
 this award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Firm or its business activities, or 

your employment was terminated for Cause (see section captioned Definitions below) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your employment could have been terminated for Cause. 
 you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 you have failed to return the required forms specified under the section captioned Release Certification by the specified deadline, or 
 you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 
 To the extent provided under the subsection captioned --Amendment below, JPMorgan Chase reserves the right to suspend vesting of this award and or distribution of shares under this award, including, without limitation, during any period that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating whether this award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares under this award are satisfied. The Firm is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See also Administrative Provisions No Ownership Rights Other Limitations . 
 
 In addition, you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date or acceleration date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed, including vested shares subject to the Holding Requirements, under this award as follows 
 Payment may be required with respect to any shares of Common Stock distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 
 you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations or 
 you violated the employment restrictions set forth in the subsection Full Career Eligibility or Government Office following the termination of your employment. 
 In addition, payment may be required with respect to any shares distributed within the one year period prior to notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines appropriate pursuant to the provisions in the section captioned Recapture Provisions . 
 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Firm to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Firm makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Firm s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Firm is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve JPMorgan Chase s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Firm shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Firm may determine in its sole discretion. 
 
 For purposes of this subsection, shares distributed under this award include shares withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Firm s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares that are or may be retained by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax payments previously made (whether by you or the Firm) that you will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, JPMorgan Chase will not require you to pay any amount that the Firm or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Bonus Recoupment . 
 
 Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of the obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Firm, and therefore agree that the Firm shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of such obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Firm may have under law or equity. 
 Administrative Provisions 
 Withholding Taxes As a result of legal and or tax obligations the Firm, in its sole discretion, may (i) retain from each distribution the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy applicable tax obligations or (ii) implement any other desirable or necessary procedures, so that appropriate withholding and other taxes are paid to the competent authorities with respect to the 

vested shares and the award. This may include but is not limited to (i) a market sale of a number of such shares on your behalf substantially equal to the withholding or other taxes, (ii) to the extent required by law, withhold from cash compensation, an amount equal to any withholding obligation with respect to the award and shares that vest under this award, and (iii) retaining shares that vest under this award until you pay any taxes associated with the award and vested shares directly to the competent authorities. 
 Right to Set Off Although the Firm expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Firm may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Firm. Notwithstanding any account agreement with the Firm to the contrary, the Firm will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Firm pursuant to such account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt or obligation owed by you under this award without your consent. This restriction on the Firm does not apply to accounts described and authorized in No Ownership Rights Other Limitations described below. 
 No Ownership Rights Other Limitations PSUs do not convey the rights of ownership of Common Stock and do not carry voting rights. No shares of Common Stock will be issued to you until after the number of PSUs have been determined, if any, and have vested. Shares will be issued in accordance with JPMorgan Chase s procedures for issuing stock. By accepting this award, you authorize the Firm, in its sole discretion, to establish on your behalf a brokerage account in your name with the Firm or book-entry account with our stock plan administrator and or transfer agent and deliver to that account any vested shares derived from the award. You also acknowledge that should there be a determination that the cancellation provisions of this award apply during the period when the vesting of any outstanding PSUs has been suspended, then you agree that such PSUs may be cancelled in whole or part. (See Sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment , Termination of Employment and Remedies , as well as the subsection captioned --Amendment permitting suspension of vesting.) 
 With respect to any applicable vesting date, JPMorgan Chase may impose for any reason, as of such vesting date for such period as it may specify in its sole discretion, such restrictions on the Common Stock to be issued to you as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, restricting the sale, transfer, pledging, assignment, hedging or encumbrance of such shares of Common Stock. Such restrictions described in the last sentence shall not impact your right to vote or receive dividends with respect to the Common Stock. By accepting this award, you acknowledge that during such specified period should there be a determination that the recovery provisions of this award apply, then you agree that you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares subject to such restrictions (notwithstanding the limitation set forth in the Right to Set Off subsection above). (See sections captioned Bonus Recoupment and Remedies .) 
 Binding Agreement The Award Agreement will be binding upon any successor in interest to JPMorgan Chase, by merger or otherwise. 
 Not a Contract of Employment Nothing contained in the Award Agreement constitutes a contract of employment or continued employment. Employment is at-will and may be terminated by either you or JPMorgan Chase for any reason at any time. This award does not confer any right or entitlement to, nor does the award impose any obligation on the Firm to provide, the same or any similar award in the future and its value is not compensation for purposes of determining severance. 
 Section 409A Compliance To the extent that Section 409A of the Code is applicable to this award, distributions of shares hereunder are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and the Award Agreement, including these terms and conditions, shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if you (i) are subject to taxation under the Code, (ii) are a specified employee as defined in the JPMorgan Chase 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan and (iii) have incurred a separation from service (as defined in that Plan with the exception of death) and if any units shares under this award represent deferred compensation as defined in Section 409A and such shares are distributable (under the terms of this award) within six months following, and as a result of your separation from service, then those shares will be delivered during the first calendar month after the expiration of six full months from date of your separation from service. Further, if your award is not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture as defined by regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code, then the remainder of each calendar year immediately following the vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement shall be a payment date for purposes of distributing the vested portion of the award. 
 Change in Outstanding Shares In the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, issuance of a new class of common stock, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to stockholders of Common Stock other than regular cash dividends, the Committee will make an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment, in the number or kind of shares of Common Stock or other securities issued or reserved for issuance pursuant to the Plan and to any PSUs outstanding under this award for such corporate events. 

Other Equitable Adjustments The Committee may make adjustments (up or down) to the award as it deems to be equitable, to maintain the intended economics of the award in light of changed circumstances, which may include unusual or non-recurring events affecting the Firm (or the Performance Companies) or its financial statements in each case resulting from changes in accounting methods, practices or policies, changes in capital structure by reason of legal or regulatory requirements and such other changed circumstances, as the Committee may deem appropriate. 
 Interpretation Administration The Committee has sole and complete authority to interpret and administer this Award Agreement, including, without limitation, the power to (i) interpret the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement (ii) determine the reason for termination of employment (iii) determine application of the post-employment obligations and cancellation and recovery provisions (iv) decide all claims arising with respect to this award and (v) delegate such authority as it deems appropriate. Any determination contemplated hereunder by the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources or their respective delegates or nominees shall be binding on all parties. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the determinations of the Director of Human Resources, the Firm, the Committee and their respective delegates and nominees under the Plan and the Award Agreements are not required to be uniform. By way of clarification, the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources and their respective delegates and nominees shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations and modifications under Award Agreements and the Plan. 
 Amendment The Committee or its nominee reserves the right to amend this Award Agreement in any manner, at any time and for any reason provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially adversely affect your rights under this Award Agreement without your consent except to the extent that the Committee or its delegate considers advisable to (x) comply with applicable laws or changes in or interpretation of applicable laws, regulatory requirements and accounting rules or standards and or (y) make a change in a scheduled vesting date or impose the restrictions described above under No Ownership Rights Other Limitations , in either case, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code if it is applicable to you. This Award Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by the Director of Human Resources of JPMorgan Chase. 
 Severability If any portion of the Award Agreement is determined by the Firm to be unenforceable in any jurisdiction, any court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction or the Director of Human Resources may reform the relevant provisions (e.g., as to length of service, time, geographical area or scope) to the extent the Firm (or court arbitrator) considers necessary to make the provision enforceable under applicable law. 
 Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity Upon receipt of satisfactory evidence that applicable United States federal, state, local, foreign or supranational ethics or conflict of interest laws or regulations require you to divest your interest in JPMorgan Chase PSUs, the Firm may accelerate the distribution of all or part of your outstanding award, including Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units, effective on or before the required divestiture date and waive the Holding Requirement provided that no accelerated distribution shall occur if the Firm determines that such acceleration will violate Section 409A of the Code. Accelerated distribution under this paragraph does not impact the dates as set forth in the Remedies section above. The time period for recovery shall be determined by the originally scheduled vesting date or distribution date prior to any acceleration event. 
 If you have voluntarily terminated your employment and have satisfied the requirements of the section captioned Government Office Requirements , acceleration shall apply (to extent required) to the percentage of your outstanding award that would continue to vest under that section. In the case of a termination of employment where the award is outstanding as a result of the subsections entitled Job Elimination or Full Career Eligibility , then acceleration shall apply, to the extent required, to the full outstanding award. Subject to the two foregoing sections, the number of shares of Common Stock to be received on acceleration shall be determined using the methodology set forth under the section captioned Death . 
 To the extent you have vested shares under this award subject to the Holding Requirement and become subject to divestiture requirement as forth herein, the Firm may waive the holding period to the extent required. 
 Notwithstanding an accelerated distribution or waiver of the Holding Requirement pursuant to the foregoing, you will remain subject to the applicable terms of your Award Agreement as if your award had remained outstanding for the duration of the original vesting period and shares had been distributed as scheduled as of the vesting date, including, but not limited to, repayment obligations set forth in the section captioned Remedies and the employment restrictions in the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting and Government Office Requirements and the subsection Full Career Eligibility . 
 Use of Personal Data By accepting this award, you acknowledge that the Firm may process your personal data for the purposes of providing you this award (to include registration of shares and units or establishing a brokerage account on your behalf) and disclosing to third parties, such as service providers or tax and regulatory authorities (e.g., for compensation reporting and payroll tax withholding purposes). Additionally, you agree that the Firm may transfer your personal data to jurisdictions that do not afford protections equivalent to the protections in the country in which we collected your data. Where applicable law provides a right to 

terminate the foregoing authorization, you may do so at any time, except with respect to tax and regulatory reporting and the Firm s legal and regulatory obligations. In the event you terminate this authorization, your award will be cancelled. 
 
 Governing Law This award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 Choice of Forum By accepting this award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that to the extent not otherwise subject to arbitration under an arbitration agreement between you and the Firm, any dispute arising directly or indirectly in connection with this award or the Plan shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association if so elected by the Firm in its sole discretion. In the event such a dispute is not subject to arbitration for any reason, you agree to accept the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York with respect to any judicial proceeding in connection with this award or the Plan. You waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of such dispute and further agree not to commence any action arising out of or relating to this award or the Plan in any other forum. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial Class Claims By accepting this award, you agree, with respect to any claim brought in connection with your employment with the Firm in any forum (i) to waive the right to a jury trial and (ii) that any judicial proceeding or arbitration claim will be brought on an individual basis, and you hereby waive any right to submit, initiate, or participate in a representative capacity or as a plaintiff, claimant or member in a class action, collective action, or other representative or joint action. 
 Litigation By accepting any award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that in any action or proceeding by the Firm (other than a derivative suit in the right of the Firm) to enforce the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement or any other Award Agreement where the Firm is the prevailing party, the Firm shall be entitled to recover from you its reasonable attorney fees and expenses incurred in such action or proceeding. In addition, you agree that you are not entitled to, and agree not to seek, advancement of attorney fees and indemnification under the Firm s By-Laws in the event of such a suit by the Firm. 
 Non-transferability Neither this award or any other outstanding awards of restricted stock units or of performance based share units, nor your interests or rights in any such awards, shall be assigned, pledged, transferred, hedged, hypothecated or subject to any lien. An award may be transferred following your death by will, the laws of descent or by a beneficiary designation on file with the Firm. 
 Definitions 
 Average Tangible Common Equity means annual average common stockholders equity less annual average goodwill and annual average identifiable intangible assets. Annual averages of the components of Average Tangible Common Equity will be calculated using quarterly balances as reported in publically available financial disclosures. In the event that quarterly balances are not available, annual year end balances will be used. This calculation is used solely for purposes of the Performance Ranking. 
 Award Payout Percentage means the applicable percentage specified in the footnote to the Performance Table. 
 Calculated PSUs means the number of PSUs determined by multiplying the Target Award Number (after giving effect to any cancellation thereof, in whole or in part) by the Award Payout Percentage corresponding to the Firm s Performance Ranking based on the three-year average performance for the Performance Period (both percentage and ranking, as set forth in the footnote to the Performance Table) provided that if the average of the Firm s Reported ROTCE for the Performance Period either equals or exceeds ______ or is less than ______ (without taking into account any rounding conventions used), _________ percent or ________, respectively as the case may be, shall be substituted for the Performance Period s Award Payout Percentage in calculating the number of PSUs to distribute. For avoidance of doubt, any cancellation of this award (in whole or in part) during the Performance Period will reduce the Target Award Number. 
 Calculation Agent means a third party entity not owned or controlled by the Firm, such as an accounting or consulting firm, retained from time to time by the Director of Human Resources or his her delegate. 
 Cause means a determination by the Firm that your employment terminated as a result of your (i) violation of any law, rule or regulation (including rules of self-regulatory bodies) related to the Firm s business, (ii) indictment or conviction of a felony, (iii) commission of a fraudulent act, (iv) violation of the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct or other Firm policies or misconduct related to your duties to the Firm (other than immaterial and inadvertent violations or misconduct), (v) grossly inadequate performance of the duties associated with your position or job function or failure to follow reasonable directives of your manager, or (vi) any act or failure to act that is injurious to the interests of the Firm or its relationship with a customer, client or an employee. 
 
 Financial Services Company means a business enterprise that engages in any of the following services (itself or through an affiliate or subsidiary), regardless of whether such services are the principle strategy or revenue-generating activity 

commercial or retail banking, including, but not limited to, commercial, institutional and personal trust, custody and or lending and processing services, internet banking, originating and servicing mortgages, issuing and servicing credit cards, payment servicing or processing or merchant services, 
 insurance, including but not limited to, guaranteeing against loss, harm, damage, illness, disability or death, providing and issuing annuities, acting as principal, agent or broker for purpose of the forgoing, 
 financial, investment or economic advisory services, including but not limited to, investment banking services (such as advising on mergers or dispositions, underwriting, dealing in, or making a market in securities or other similar activities), brokerage services, investment management services, asset management services, foreign exchange services, interbank networks and hedge funds, 
 issuing, trading or selling instruments representing interests in pools of assets or in derivatives instruments, 
 financial technology Fintech companies, such as those selling blockchain services, or offering or selling financial products services, 
 advising on, or investing in, private equity or real estate funds or ventures, or 
 any similar activities that the Director of Human Resources or nominee determines in his or her sole discretion constitute financial services. 
 Firm Reported ROTCE means the Firm s percentage return on tangible common equity for each year in the Performance Period (as calculated for use in its publicly available year-end financial disclosures without taking into account any rounding conventions used for financial reporting purposes). 
 Firmwide Financial Threshold means a cumulative return on tangible common equity for calendar years 20____, 20____ and 20____ of not less than ______ . Cumulative return on tangible common equity means (i) the sum of the Firm s reported net income for all three calendar years, divided by (ii) reported year-end tangible equity averaged over the three years. 
 Government Office means (i) a full-time position in an elected or appointed office in local, state, or federal government (including equivalent positions outside the U.S. or in a supranational organization), not reasonably anticipated to be a full-career position, or (ii) conducting a bona fide full-time campaign for such an elective public office after formally filing for candidacy, where it is customary and reasonably necessary to campaign full-time for the office. 
 Line of Business means a business unit of the Firm (or one or more business units designated below under the definition Line of Business Financial Threshold of the Corporate Investment Bank). All Corporate Functions (including the functions of the Chief Investment Office) are considered a single Line of Business. 
 Line of Business Financial Threshold means the financial threshold set forth below for the following Lines of Business based on the Firm s management reporting system 
 Asset & Wealth Management Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 
 Card and Auto Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Commercial Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Investment Bank Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 for CIB overall and or annual negative allocated product revenues (excluding XVA) for 
 Fixed Income 
 Equities 
 Securities Services 
 Global Investment Banking 
 Payments 
 Consumer Banking, J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and Business Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Functions (including Chief Investment Office) Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 at the Firm level 
 Home Lending Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 1 Pre-tax pre-provision income means Revenue less Expenses 
 2 Pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income means Revenue less (Expenses plus Net Charge-offs) 
 
 Not-for-Profit Organization means an entity exempt from tax under state law and under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. Section 501(c)(3) only includes entities organized and operated exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, testing for public safety, literary or educational purposes, or to foster national or international amateur sports competition or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals. Not-for-Profit Organization shall also mean entities outside the United States exempt from local and national tax laws because they are organized and operated exclusively for purposes identical to those applicable to Section 501(c)(3) organization. 

Performance Companies mean the following institutions which have business activities that overlap with a significant portion of the Firm s revenue mix ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________ and ___________________. 
 If, during the Performance Period, one or more Performance Companies shall merge, engage in a spin-off or otherwise experience a material change in its revenue mix or business activities or its existence or its primary businesses shall terminate or cease due to receivership, bankruptcy, sale, or otherwise, then the Committee may eliminate such institution from the list of Performance Companies or make such other equitable adjustments, such as adding an acquirer or a new company to the list of Performance Companies, as it deems appropriate, with any such changes having effect for purposes of all calculations hereunder on a prospective basis from the date the applicable change is made. 
 Performance Period means calendar years 20____, 20____ and 20____. 
 Performance Ranking means the ranking of the average ROTCE of the Firm as compared to the ranking of the average ROTCE of the Performance Companies as specified in the footnote to the Performance Table for the Performance Period. 
 Performance Table means the table used in the calculation of PSUs for the Performance Period as set forth below 
 Firm Reported ROTCE (average performance) Award Payout Percentage Performance Ranking 1 
 (average performance) 
 Award Payout Percentage 1 
 _____ _____ ___________ ____ to ____ ____ to ____ Pay by relative ROTCE scale ___________ ____ to ____ ____ _____ ___________ ____ to ____ ___________ ____ to ____ 
 1. The following sets forth the precise Award Payout Percentage corresponding to the Firm s Performance Ranking (when compared to Performance Companies) #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ etc. 
 
 If, after the calculation of the Performance Ranking, there is a tie, the tie shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the Award Payout Percentage. For example, in the case of a tie for the ____________ ranking between the Firm and a Performance Company, the Firm shall be treated as having satisfied that ranking. In the case of that same tie among Performance Companies, the ________ and ________ rankings will be deemed to have been satisfied. 
 Recognized Service means the period of service as an employee set forth in the Firm s applicable service-related policies. 
 ROTCE means for the Firm and each of the Performance Companies a percentage derived by, for each year in the Performance Period, dividing (i) annual earnings from continuing operations less dividends on preferred stock as set forth in published financial disclosures by (ii) the Average Tangible Common Equity for the year. If, prior to the end of the vesting period, the Firm or any Performance Company restates its published financial statements for any year in the Performance Period, ROTCE for that year shall be recalculated for the Firm or Performance Company with the Performance Ranking adjusted, if necessary. This calculation is used solely for purposes of the Performance Ranking. 
 Target Award Number means the number of PSUs designated as such in the Award Agreement. 
 
 Government Office Requirements 
 You may be eligible to continue vesting in all or part of your award if you voluntarily resign to accept a Government Office (as defined above) or to become a candidate for an elective Government Office. 
 
 Full Career Eligibility 
 Government Office Requirements does not apply to you if you satisfy the subsection captioned --Full Career Eligibility as of the date that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm. 
 
 Eligibility 
 Eligibility for continued vesting is conditioned on your providing the Firm 
 At least 60 days advance written notice of your intention to resign to accept or pursue a Government Office (see section captioned Definitions ), during which period you must perform in a cooperative and professional manner services requested by the Firm and not provide services for any other employer. The Firm may elect to shorten this notice period at the Firm s sole discretion. 

Confirmation, in a form satisfactory to the Firm, that vesting in this award pursuant to this provision would not violate any applicable law, regulation or rule. 
 Documentation in a form satisfactory to the Firm that your resignation is for the purpose of accepting a Government Office or becoming a candidate for a Government Office. (See section captioned Definitions .) 
 
 Portion of Your Award Subject to Continued Vesting 
 Subject to the conditions below, the percentage of this award that will continue to vest in accordance with this award s original schedule will be based on your years of continuous service completed with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, as follows 
 50 if you have at least 3 but less than 4 years of continuous service, 
 75 if you have at least 4 but less than 5 years of continuous service, or 
 100 if you have 5 or more years of continuous service. 
 
 The portion of this award subject to continued vesting above is referred to as the CV Award and the portion not subject to continued vesting will be cancelled as of the date your employment terminates. 
 
 Conditions for Continued Vesting of Award 
 You must remain in a non-elective Government Office for two or more years after your employment with the Firm terminates to be eligible to receive the CV Award provided that if your non-elective Government Office is for a period less than two years, you will be eligible to receive the CV Award if it has a vesting date during your period of Government Service or 
 In the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for an elective Government Office, your name must be on the primary or final public ballot for the election. (If you are not elected, see below for employment restrictions.) 
 For avoidance of doubt, the performance criteria and protection based vesting set forth in these terms and conditions continue to apply to a CV Award. 
 
 Satisfaction of Conditions 
 If your service in a Government Office ends two years or more after your employment with the Firm terminates, or in the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for a Government Office, your name is on the primary or final public ballot for the election and you are not elected, any CV Awards then outstanding and any such awards that would have then been outstanding but for an accelerated distribution of shares (as described in the subsection captioned --Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity will be subject for the remainder of the applicable vesting period to the same terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, including employment restrictions during the vesting period, as if you had resigned from the Firm having met the requirements for Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 Failure to Satisfy Conditions 
 If you do not satisfy the above Conditions for Continued Vesting of Awards , any outstanding PSUs under the CV Award will be cancelled. You also will be required to repay the Fair Market Value of the number of shares (before tax and other withholdings) of Common Stock distributed to you that would have been outstanding as PSUs on the date you failed to satisfy the Conditions for Continued Vesting of Award but for their accelerated distribution (as described in subsection captioned, Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity ). Fair Market Value for this purpose will be determined as the date that the shares were distributed. 

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF _________________, 20____ 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD 
 OPERATING COMMITTEE 
 (Protection-Based Vesting Provisions) 
 
 Award Agreement 
 These terms and conditions are made part of the Award Agreement dated as of ___________________, 20____ Grant Date awarding performance share units PSUs pursuant to the terms of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Plan ). To the extent the terms of the Award Agreement (all references to which will include these terms and conditions) conflict with the Plan, the Plan will govern. The Award Agreement, the Plan and Prospectus supersede any other agreement, whether written or oral, that may have been entered into by the Firm and you relating to this award. 
 This award was granted on the Grant Date subject to the Award Agreement and Plan. Unless you decline by the deadline and in the manner specified in the Award Agreement, you will have agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions, effective as of the Grant Date. If you decline the award, it will be cancelled as of the Grant Date. 
 Capitalized terms that are not defined in Definitions below or elsewhere in the Award Agreement will have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. will be referred to throughout the Award Agreement as JPMorgan Chase , and together with its subsidiaries as the Firm . 
 Form and Purpose of Award 
 Each PSU represents a non-transferable right to receive one share of Common Stock following each vesting date as set forth in your Award Agreement. 
 The purpose of this award is to further emphasize sustained long-term performance and to align your interests with those of the Firm and its shareholders. 
 Number of Performance Share Units at End of Performance Period 
 Subject to any cancellation in whole or part of your award pursuant to these terms and conditions 
 Performance calculation The number of PSUs at the end of the Performance Period will be derived by multiplying the Target Award Number by the Award Payout Percentage determined using the Performance Table. 
 
 The number of PSUs determined above will be subject to the Qualitative Performance Factor (as detailed below), which if the Committee determines that such an adjustment is appropriate, will be applied following the end of each year during the Performance Period, to adjust downward one-third of the Target Award Number of PSUs for each calendar year in the Performance Period. Additionally, the Committee, in its discretion, may make a qualitative performance assessment based on the entire three-year Performance Period and apply the Qualitative Performance Factor to the entire number of PSUs determined above. 
 
 See sections captioned Calculation of Performance Ranking and Definitions . 
 
 Delivery of vested shares of common stock to your account will be made not later than the date specified in the last sentence of the subsection captioned Section 409A Compliance . 
 
 Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units 
 This award is not eligible for reinvested dividend equivalent share units. 
 Holding Requirement 
 The net number of shares of Common Stock (after tax and all other lawful withholdings) in which you have vested, if any, as of the vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement will be held in an account in your name with restrictions preventing you from transferring, assigning, hedging, selling, pledging or otherwise encumbering such shares for (i) a twelve month period measured from each vesting date and (ii) a two year period for such shares vesting on ____________, 20____, with the holding periods running concurrently. Such restrictions shall only lapse, prior to the expiration of the two year holding period, in the event of your death or for an accelerated distribution for ethics or conflict reasons. See section captioned, Death and subsection captioned, Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting from Employment by a Government Entity . 

Calculation of Performance Ranking 
 For purposes of the Performance Ranking, the ranking of the Firm and of each Performance Company for the Performance Period shall be determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, using the definitions of Average Tangible Common Equity (if otherwise applicable), Calculated PSUs , Firm Reported ROTCE , Performance Table (including its footnote) and ROTCE as set forth in the Definitions section of these terms and conditions. See section captioned Definitions . Except for Firm Reported ROTCE, calculations will be expressed as a decimal to the second place (i.e. xx.yy ), rounded to the nearest hundredth. See section captioned, Definitions --Performance Table in the event of a tie. All performance based calculations as set forth herein are binding and conclusive on you and your successors. 
 Capital Ratio Performance Threshold 
 Unvested PSUs are subject to reduction if the Firm s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio at any year end falls below a predetermined threshold of _______ . 
 If the Firm s CET1 capital ratio at any year end during the Performance Period is below this predetermined threshold, up to one-third of the Target Award Number of PSUs will be subject to downward adjustment by the CMDC for each such year. 
 Qualitative Performance 
 Determination of Qualitative Performance Factor. Annually during the Performance Period, the Committee will formally assess your qualitative performance based on four broad categories (1) Client Customer Focus (2) Risk, Controls & Conduct (3) Teamwork & Leadership and (4) Business Results. If the Committee determines that your performance Meets expectations, no downward adjustment to one-third of the Target Award Number of PSUs for that year shall take place (and the Qualitative Performance Factor shall be 100 ). If the Committee determines that your performance did Not Meet expectations, the Committee shall determine whether a downward adjustment is appropriate, and if so, to what extent. A downward adjustment could result in a Qualitative Performance Factor of between 0 and 99 , depending on the circumstances. During the Performance Period, a 0 Performance Factor for each year in the Performance Period would reduce your Target Award Number of PSUs to zero, resulting in the cancellation of award with no shares vesting. 
 Additionally, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, make such assessment of your qualitative performance based on your performance during the entire three year Performance Period and apply the Qualitative Performance Factor to the entire number of PSUs determined under section captioned Number of Performance Share Units at End of the Performance Period . In the case of a Qualitative Performance Factor of 0 , the award would be cancelled. 
 The assessment will have regard to feedback solicited from the Chair of the UK Remuneration Committee to incorporate qualitative performance against local regulatory responsibilities as a Senior Manager of the relevant CIB UK-regulated entities. 
 The Qualitative Performance Factor shall only be applied, if applicable, in respect of a period of your employment with the Firm, or as soon as administratively practical. 
 Protection-Based Vesting 
 This award is intended and expected to vest on each vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement, provided that you are continuously employed by the Firm through such vesting date, or you meet the requirements for continued vesting described under the subsections --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability . However, vesting and the number of PSUs that will vest are subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Number of Performance Share Units at the end of Performance Period , Capital Ratio Performance Threshold , Recapture Provisions , Remedies and the following protection-based vesting provision). 
 Up to a total of fifty percent of your award that would otherwise be distributable to you as of any vesting date At Risk PSUs may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase CEO determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of all or portion of the At Risk PSUs is appropriate in light of any one or a combination of the following factors 
 Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position, or the Firm s performance in relation to the priorities for which you share responsibility as a member of the Operating Committee, have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time. Among the factors the CEO may consider in assessing performance are net income, total net revenue, earnings per share and capital ratios of the Firm, both on an absolute basis and, as appropriate, relative to peer firms. 
 For any calendar year ending during the vesting period, JPMorgan Chase s annual pre-tax pre-provision income at the Firm level is negative. 
 RSU awards granted to participants in a Line of Business for which you exercise, or during the vesting period exercised, direct or indirect responsibility, were in whole or in part cancelled because the Line of Business did not meet its annual Line of Business Financial Threshold. 
 The Firm does not meet the Firmwide Financial Threshold. 

For avoidance of doubt, cancellation of the At Risk PSUs, in whole or part, for one or more of the above factors may occur prior to the end of the Performance Period and the maximum number of At Risk PSUs subject to cancellation prior to the end of the Performance Period will be up to fifty percent of the Target Award Number. 
 In the event that your employment terminates due to Job Elimination , Full Career Eligibility , Government Office or Disability thereby entitling you to continued vesting in your award, (or potentially acceleration due to satisfaction of the Government Office Requirements), the cancellation circumstances described above will continue to apply. 
 Any determination above with respect to protection-based vesting provisions is subject to ratification by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase Committee ). In the case of an award to any current or former CEO, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 
 Bonus Recoupment 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree that you are subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy) as in effect from time to time as it applies both to the cash incentive compensation awarded to you for performance year 20____ and to this award. You can access this policy as currently in effect by clicking the following link to the JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate Governance Principles web page and scrolling to the Bonus Recoupment Policy located under the section titled Other Matters 
 https about.jpmorganchase.com about governance corporate-governance-principles 
 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Firm under the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy (or successor policy). 
 EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff 
 In consideration of grant of this award, and without prejudice to any other provision of this Award Agreement, you agree that you are subject to the JPMorgan Chase EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff (and any applicable supplement(s) to that policy) or successor policy as in effect from time to time as it applies both to the cash incentive compensation awarded to you for performance year ______ and to this award. 
 The provisions of the JPMorgan Chase EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff set out the terms and conditions applying to the grant of this award which ensure that the Firm is able to meet its regulatory obligations to operate malus (reduce) and or clawback (recover) to awards in certain circumstances. These include, but are not limited to, where (i) there is a material downturn in the Firm s financial performance or (ii) where the Firm is required to hold more capital. The circumstances in which the events at (i) and (ii) would occur are analogous to some of the circumstances considered under the existing Firmwide terms and conditions, in particular the Bonus Recoupment Policy and the Protection Based Vesting provisions. 
 You can access this policy as currently in effect in My Rewards through the following link https myrewards.jpmorganchase.com 
 Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth below under the subsections captioned --Job Elimination , --Full Career Eligibility , --Government Office or --Disability or under the section captioned Death , this award will be cancelled in full effective on the date your employment with the Firm terminates for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Bonus Recoupment , EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff , Your Obligations and Remedies you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest if you were still employed by JPMorgan Chase) with respect to your award in accordance with its terms and conditions following the termination of your employment if one of the following circumstances applies to you 
 Job Elimination 
 In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 
 the Firm terminated your employment because your job was eliminated, and 
 after you are notified that your job will be eliminated, you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 Full Career Eligibility 
 In the event that the Director of Human Resources or nominee in his or her sole discretion determines that 

you voluntarily terminated your employment with the Firm, had completed at least five years of continuous service with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 your Recognized Service (as defined below) on your date of termination equaled or exceeded 15 years, or your combined Recognized Service with the Firm and external professional experience (as attested by you to the Firm) equaled or exceeded 30 years, and 
 you provided at least 180 days advance written notice to the Firm of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Firm in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to your termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 for 36 months from the date of grant of this award, you do not either perform services in any capacity (such as an employee, contractor, consultant advisor, or self-employed individual, whether paid or unpaid) for a Financial Services Company (as defined below) or work in your profession (whether or not for a Financial Services Company) provided that you may work for a government, education or Not-for-Profit Organization (as defined below), and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during such 180-day period as a condition to continued vesting or shorten the length of the 180-day period at the Firm s sole discretion, but to a date no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the service requirement. 
 Additional advance notice requirements may apply for employees subject to notice period policies. (See Notice Period below.) 
 Government Office 
 In the event that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm to accept a Government Office or become a candidate for an elective Government Office, as described at the end of these terms and conditions under the section captioned Government Office Requirements . See also definition of Government Office in the section captioned Definitions . 
 Disability 
 In the event that 
 your employment with the Firm terminates because (i) you are unable to return to work while you are receiving benefits under the JPMorgan Chase Long Term Disability Plan, or for non-U.S. employees, under the equivalent JPMorgan Chase-sponsored local country plan (in either case, LTD Plan ), or (ii) if you are not covered by a LTD Plan, you are unable to return to work due to a long-term disability that would qualify for benefits under the applicable LTD Plan, as determined by the Firm or a third-party designated by the Firm provided that you (x) request in writing continued vesting due to such disability within 30 days of the date your employment terminates, and (y) provide any requested supporting documentation and (z) receive the Firm s written consent to such treatment, and 
 you satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 Release Certification 
 To qualify for continued vesting after termination of your employment under any of the foregoing circumstances 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Firm, having such form and terms as the Firm shall specify, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility, prior to the termination of your employment, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least 180 days advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Full Career Eligibility, and receive written consent to such continued vesting, 
 with respect to Full Career Eligibility and Government Office , it is your responsibility to take the appropriate steps to certify to the Firm prior to each vesting date while the employment restrictions are outstanding on the authorized form of the Firm that you have complied with the employment restrictions applicable to you (as described herein) from your date of termination of employment through the applicable vesting date, 
 with respect to Disability, you must satisfy the notice and documentation described above and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, otherwise complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations below.) 
 Death 
 If you die while you are eligible to vest in this award, your designated beneficiary on file with the Firm s Stock Administration Department (or your estate or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized locally) may be entitled to receive a distribution of a number of shares of Common Stock associated with your award. 

Should you die after the end of the Performance Period, your beneficiary will receive shares of Common Stock equal to any outstanding PSUs. 
 Should you die during the Performance Period, your Beneficiary will receive shares of Common Stock based on the average performance of all completed calendar years, multiplied by one-third of the Target Award Number of PSUs for each completed calendar year in the Performance Period, and using the Award Payout Percentage equal to 100 percent for any remaining calendar years in the Performance Period. 
 Any shares will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death however, our administrative practice is to register such shares in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Firm s receipt of any required documentation. 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this award, you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers , --Confidential Information , --Non-Disparagement , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement , and --Notice Period . 
 Non-Solicitation of Employees and Customers 
 During your employment by the Firm and for the longer of the (i) one year period following the termination of your employment or, (ii) if your award is not cancelled as of your termination date, the three year period from Grant Date, you will not directly or indirectly, whether on your own behalf or on behalf of any other party, without the prior written consent of the Director of Human Resources (i) solicit, induce or encourage any of the Firm s then current employees to leave the Firm or to apply for employment elsewhere, unless such current employee has received official, written notice that his or her employment will be terminated due to job elimination (ii) hire any employee or former employee who was employed by the Firm at the date your employment terminated, unless the individual s employment terminated because his or her job was eliminated, or the individual s employment with the Firm has been terminated for more than six months, (iii) to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable law, solicit or induce or attempt to induce to leave the Firm, or divert or attempt to divert from doing business with the Firm, any then current customers, suppliers or other persons or entities that were serviced by you or whose names became known to you by virtue of your employment with the Firm, or otherwise interfere with the relationship between the Firm and such customers, suppliers or other persons or entities. This does not apply to publicly known institutional customers that you service after your employment with the Firm without the use of the Firm s confidential or proprietary information. 
 These restrictions do not apply to authorized actions you take in the normal course of your employment with the Firm, such as employment decisions with respect to employees you supervise or business referrals in accordance with the Firm s policies. 
 Confidential Information 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, directly or indirectly (i) use or disclose to anyone any confidential information related to the Firm s business, or (ii) communicate with the press or other media about matters related to the Firm, its customers or employees, including matters and activities relating to your employment, or the employment of others, by the Firm, in the case of either (i) or (ii), except as explicitly permitted by the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior written authorization, access the Firm s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. Confidential information shall have the same meaning for the Award Agreement as it has in the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct. 
 Nothing in this award precludes you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 Non-Disparagement 
 You will not, either during your employment with the Firm or thereafter, make or encourage others to make any public statement or release any information in verbal, written, electronic or any other form, that is intended to, or reasonably could be foreseen to, disparage, embarrass or criticize the Firm or its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group. This shall not preclude you from reporting to the Firm s management or directors or to the government or a regulator conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or the Firm s Code of Conduct or responding truthfully to questions or requests for information to the government, a regulator or in a court of law in connection with a legal or regulatory investigation or proceeding. 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate fully with and provide full and accurate information to the Firm and its counsel with respect to any matter (including any audit, tax proceeding, litigation, investigation or governmental proceeding) with respect to which you may have 

knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Firm with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Firm to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 
 Notice Period 
 If you are subject to a notice period or become subject to a notice period after the Grant Date, whether by contract or by policy, that requires you to provide advance written notice of your intention to terminate your employment Notice Period ), then as consideration for this award and continued employment, you will provide the Firm with the necessary advance written notice that applies to you, as specified by such contract or policy. 
 After receipt of your notice, the Firm may choose to have you continue to provide services during the applicable Notice Period or may place you on a paid leave for all or part of the applicable Notice Period. During the Notice Period, you shall continue to devote your full time and loyalty to the Firm by providing services in a cooperative and professional manner and not perform any services for any other employer and shall receive your base salary and certain benefits until your employment terminates. You and the Firm may mutually agree to waive or modify the length of the Notice Period. 
 Regardless of whether a Notice Period applies to you, you must comply with the 180-day advance notice period described under the subsection captioned -- Full Career Eligibility in the event you wish to terminate employment under that same subsection. 
 Remedies 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Qualitative Performance Factor , Bonus Recoupment , EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy Identified Staff , Recapture Provisions and Termination of Employment , up to 100 of your award (for the avoidance of doubt, including any associated Reinvested Dividend Equivalent Share Units as well as the Calculated PSUs) your outstanding PSUs under this award may be cancelled if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 
 Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Firm insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Firm or its business activities, or 
 this award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Firm or its business activities, or 
 your employment was terminated for Cause (see section captioned Definitions below) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your employment could have been terminated for Cause. 
 you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 you have failed to return the required forms specified under the section captioned Release Certification by the specified deadline, or 
 you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 To the extent provided under the subsection captioned --Amendment below, JPMorgan Chase reserves the right to suspend vesting of this award and or distribution of shares under this award, including, without limitation, during any period that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating whether this award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares under this award are satisfied. The Firm is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See also Administrative Provisions -No Ownership Rights Other Limitations . 
 Recovery 
 In addition , you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date or acceleration date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed, including vested shares subject to the Holding Requirements, under this award as follows 
 Payment may be required with respect to any shares of Common Stock distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines that 

you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations or 
 you violated the employment restrictions set forth in the subsection Full Career Eligibility or Government Office following the termination of your employment. 
 In addition, payment may be required with respect to any shares distributed within the one year period prior to notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Firm in its sole discretion determines appropriate as a result of the detrimental and risk-related conduct listed in the above Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture subsection . 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Firm to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that JPMorgan Chase is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Firm makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Firm s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Firm is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve JPMorgan Chase s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Firm shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Firm may determine in its sole discretion. 
 For purposes of this subsection, shares distributed under this award include shares withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Firm s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares that are or may be retained by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax payments previously made (whether by you or the Firm) that you will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, JPMorgan Chase will not require you to pay any amount that the Firm or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Bonus Recoupment and EMEA Malus and Clawback Policy - Identified Staff . 
 Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of the obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Firm, and therefore agree that the Firm shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of such obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Firm may have under law or equity. 
 Administrative Provisions 
 Withholding Taxes As a result of legal and or tax obligations the Firm, in its sole discretion, may (i) retain from each distribution the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy applicable tax obligations or (ii) implement any other desirable or necessary procedures, so that appropriate withholding and other taxes are paid to the competent authorities with respect to the vested shares and the award. This may include but is not limited to (i) a market sale of a number of such shares on your behalf substantially equal to the withholding or other taxes, (ii) to the extent required by law, withhold from cash compensation, an amount equal to any withholding obligation with respect to the award and shares that vest under this award, and (iii) retaining shares that vest under this award until you pay any taxes associated with the award and vested shares directly to the competent authorities. 
 Right to Set Off Although the Firm expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Firm may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Firm. Notwithstanding any account agreement with the Firm to the contrary, the Firm will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Firm pursuant to such account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt or obligation owed by you under this award without your consent. This restriction on the Firm does not apply to accounts described and authorized in No Ownership Rights Other Limitations described below. 
 No Ownership Rights Other Limitations PSUs do not convey the rights of ownership of Common Stock and do not carry voting rights. No shares of Common Stock will be issued to you until after the number of PSUs have been determined, if any, and have vested. Shares will be issued in accordance with JPMorgan Chase s procedures for issuing stock. By accepting this award, you authorize the Firm, in its sole discretion, to establish on your behalf a brokerage account in your name with the Firm or book-entry account with our stock plan administrator and or transfer agent and deliver to that account any vested shares derived from the award. You also acknowledge that should there be a determination that the cancellation provisions of this award apply during the 

period when the vesting of any outstanding PSUs has been suspended, then you agree that such PSUs may be cancelled in whole or part. (See Sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting , Qualitative Performance Factor , Bonus Recoupment , EMEA Malus & Clawback Policy - Identified Staff , Termination of Employment and Remedies , as well as the subsection captioned --Amendment permitting suspension of vesting.) 
 With respect to any applicable vesting date, JPMorgan Chase may impose for any reason, as of such vesting date for such period as it may specify in its sole discretion, such restrictions on the Common Stock to be issued to you as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, restricting the sale, transfer, pledging, assignment, hedging or encumbrance of such shares of Common Stock. Such restrictions described in the last sentence shall not impact your right to vote or receive dividends with respect to the Common Stock. By accepting this award, you acknowledge that during such specified period should there be a determination that the recovery provisions of this award apply, then you agree that you may be required to pay the Firm up to an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares subject to such restrictions (notwithstanding the limitation set forth in the Right to Set Off subsection above). (See sections captioned Bonus Recoupment and Remedies .) 
 Binding Agreement The Award Agreement will be binding upon any successor in interest to JPMorgan Chase, by merger or otherwise. 
 Not a Contract of Employment Nothing contained in the Award Agreement constitutes a contract of employment or continued employment. Employment is at-will and may be terminated by either you or JPMorgan Chase for any reason at any time. This award does not confer any right or entitlement to, nor does the award impose any obligation on the Firm to provide, the same or any similar award in the future and its value is not compensation for purposes of determining severance. 
 Section 409A Compliance To the extent that Section 409A of the Code is applicable to this award, distributions of shares hereunder are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and the Award Agreement, including these terms and conditions, shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if you (i) are subject to taxation under the Code, (ii) are a specified employee as defined in the JPMorgan Chase 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan and (iii) have incurred a separation from service (as defined in that Plan with the exception of death) and if any units shares under this award represent deferred compensation as defined in Section 409A and such shares are distributable (under the terms of this award) within six months following, and as a result of your separation from service, then those shares will be delivered during the first calendar month after the expiration of six full months from date of your separation from service. Further, if your award is not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture as defined by regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code, then the remainder of each calendar year immediately following each vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement shall be a payment date for purposes of distributing the vested portion of the award. 
 Change in Outstanding Shares In the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, issuance of a new class of common stock, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to stockholders of Common Stock other than regular cash dividends, the Committee will make an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment, in the number or kind of shares of Common Stock or other securities issued or reserved for issuance pursuant to the Plan and to any PSUs outstanding under this award for such corporate events. 
 Other Equitable Adjustments Except for the Qualitative Performance Factor , the Committee may make adjustments (up or down) to the award as it deems to be equitable, to maintain the intended economics of the award in light of changed circumstances, which may include unusual or non-recurring events affecting the Firm (or the Performance Companies) or its financial statements in each case resulting from changes in accounting methods, practices or policies, changes in capital structure by reason of legal or regulatory requirements and such other changed circumstances, as the Committee may deem appropriate. 
 Interpretation Administration The Committee has sole and complete authority to interpret and administer this Award Agreement, including, without limitation, the power to (i) interpret the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement (ii) determine the reason for termination of employment (iii) determine application of the post-employment obligations and cancellation and recovery provisions (iv) decide all claims arising with respect to this award and (v) delegate such authority as it deems appropriate. Any determination contemplated hereunder by the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources or their respective delegates or nominees shall be binding on all parties. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the determinations of the Director of Human Resources, the Firm, the Committee and their respective delegates and nominees under the Plan and the Award Agreements are not required to be uniform. By way of clarification, the Committee, the Firm, the Director of Human Resources and their respective delegates and nominees shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations and modifications under Award Agreements and the Plan. 

Amendment The Committee or its nominee reserves the right to amend this Award Agreement in any manner, at any time and for any reason provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially adversely affect your rights under this Award Agreement without your consent except to the extent that the Committee or its delegate considers advisable to (x) comply with applicable laws or changes in or interpretation of applicable laws, regulatory requirements and accounting rules or standards and or (y) make a change in a scheduled vesting date or impose the restrictions described above under No Ownership Rights Other Limitations , in either case, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code if it is applicable to you. This Award Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by the Director of Human Resources of JPMorgan Chase. 
 Severability If any portion of the Award Agreement is determined by the Firm to be unenforceable in any jurisdiction, any court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction or the Director of Human Resources may reform the relevant provisions (e.g., as to length of service, time, geographical area or scope) to the extent the Firm (or court arbitrator) considers necessary to make the provision enforceable under applicable law. 
 Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity Upon receipt of satisfactory evidence that applicable United States federal, state, local, foreign or supranational ethics or conflict of interest laws or regulations require you to divest your interest in JPMorgan Chase PSUs, the Firm may accelerate the distribution of all or part of your outstanding award effective on or before the required divestiture date and waive the Holding Requirement provided that no accelerated distribution shall occur if the Firm determines that such acceleration will violate Section 409A of the Code. Accelerated distribution under this paragraph does not impact the dates as set forth in the Remedies section above. The time period for recovery shall be determined by the originally scheduled vesting date set forth in your Award Agreement or distribution date prior to any acceleration event. 
 If you have voluntarily terminated your employment and have satisfied the requirements of the section captioned Government Office Requirements , acceleration shall apply (to extent required) to the percentage of your outstanding award that would continue to vest under that section. In the case of a termination of employment where the award is outstanding as a result of the subsections entitled Job Elimination or Full Career Eligibility , then acceleration shall apply, to the extent required, to the full outstanding award. Subject to the two foregoing sections, the number of shares of Common Stock to be received on acceleration shall be determined using the methodology set forth under the section captioned Death . 
 To the extent you have vested shares under this award subject to the Holding Requirement and become subject to divestiture requirement as forth herein, the Firm may waive the holding period to the extent required. 
 Notwithstanding an accelerated distribution or waiver of the Holding Requirement pursuant to the foregoing, you will remain subject to the applicable terms of your Award Agreement as if your award had remained outstanding for the duration of the vesting period and shares had been distributed as scheduled as of each vesting date, including, but not limited to, repayment obligations set forth in the section captioned Remedies and the employment restrictions in the sections captioned Protection-Based Vesting and Government Office Requirements and the subsection Full Career Eligibility . 
 Use of Personal Data By accepting this award, you acknowledge that the Firm may process your personal data for the purposes of providing you this award (to include registration of shares and units or establishing a brokerage account on your behalf) and disclosing to third parties, such as service providers or tax and regulatory authorities (e.g., for compensation reporting and payroll tax withholding purposes). Additionally, you agree that the Firm may transfer your personal data to jurisdictions that do not afford protections equivalent to the protections in the country in which we collected your data. Where applicable law provides a right to terminate the foregoing authorization, you may do so at any time, except with respect to tax and regulatory reporting and the Firm s legal and regulatory obligations. In the event you terminate this authorization, your award will be cancelled. 
 Governing Law This award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 Choice of Forum By accepting this award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that to the extent not otherwise subject to arbitration under an arbitration agreement between you and the Firm, any dispute arising directly or indirectly in connection with this award or the Plan shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association if so elected by the Firm in its sole discretion. In the event such a dispute is not subject to arbitration for any reason, you agree to accept the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York with respect to any judicial proceeding in connection with this award or the Plan. You waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of such dispute and further agree not to commence any action arising out of or relating to this award or the Plan in any other forum. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial Class Claims By accepting this award, you agree, with respect to any claim brought in connection with your employment with the Firm in any forum (i) to waive the right to a jury trial and (ii) that any judicial proceeding or arbitration claim 

will be brought on an individual basis, and you hereby waive any right to submit, initiate, or participate in a representative capacity or as a plaintiff, claimant or member in a class action, collective action, or other representative or joint action. 
 Litigation By accepting any award under the Plan, you agree (and have agreed) that in any action or proceeding by the Firm (other than a derivative suit in the right of the Firm) to enforce the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement or any other Award Agreement where the Firm is the prevailing party, the Firm shall be entitled to recover from you its reasonable attorney fees and expenses incurred in such action or proceeding. In addition, you agree that you are not entitled to, and agree not to seek, advancement of attorney fees and indemnification under the Firm s By-Laws in the event of such a suit by the Firm. 
 Non-transferability Neither this award or any other outstanding awards of restricted stock units or of performance based share units, nor your interests or rights in any such awards, shall be assigned, pledged, transferred, hedged, hypothecated or subject to any lien. An award may be transferred following your death by will, the laws of descent or by a beneficiary designation on file with the Firm. 
 Definitions 
 Average Tangible Common Equity means annual average common stockholders equity less annual average goodwill and annual average identifiable intangible assets. Annual averages of the components of Average Tangible Common Equity will be calculated using quarterly balances as reported in publically available financial disclosures. In the event that quarterly balances are not available, annual year end balances will be used. This calculation is used solely for purposes of the Performance Ranking. 
 Award Payout Percentage means the applicable percentage specified in the footnote to the Performance Table. 
 Calculated PSUs means the number of PSUs determined by multiplying the Target Award Number (after giving effect to any cancellation thereof, in whole or in part) by the Award Payout Percentage corresponding to the Firm s Performance Ranking based on the three-year average performance for the Performance Period (both percentage and ranking, as set forth in the footnote to the Performance Table) provided that if the average of the Firm s Reported ROTCE for the Performance Period either equals or exceeds _____ or is less than _____ (without taking into account any rounding conventions used), _______ percent or _______, respectively as the case may be, shall be substituted for the Performance Period s Award Payout Percentage in calculating the number of PSUs to distribute. For avoidance of doubt, any cancellation of this award (in whole or in part) during the Performance Period will reduce the Target Award Number. 
 Calculation Agent means a third party entity not owned or controlled by the Firm, such as an accounting or consulting firm, retained from time to time by the Director of Human Resources or his her delegate. 
 Cause means a determination by the Firm that your employment terminated as a result of your (i) violation of any law, rule or regulation (including rules of self-regulatory bodies) related to the Firm s business, (ii) indictment or conviction of a felony, (iii) commission of a fraudulent act, (iv) violation of the JPMorgan Chase Code of Conduct or other Firm policies or misconduct related to your duties to the Firm (other than immaterial and inadvertent violations or misconduct), (v) grossly inadequate performance of the duties associated with your position or job function or failure to follow reasonable directives of your manager, or (vi) any act or failure to act that is injurious to the interests of the Firm or its relationship with a customer, client or an employee. 
 Financial Services Company means a business enterprise that engages in any of the following services (itself or through an affiliate or subsidiary), regardless of whether such services are the principle strategy or revenue-generating activity 
 commercial or retail banking, including, but not limited to, commercial, institutional and personal trust, custody and or lending and processing services, internet banking, originating and servicing mortgages, issuing and servicing credit cards, payment servicing or processing or merchant services, 
 insurance, including but not limited to, guaranteeing against loss, harm, damage, illness, disability or death, providing and issuing annuities, acting as principal, agent or broker for purpose of the forgoing, 
 financial, investment or economic advisory services, including but not limited to, investment banking services (such as advising on mergers or dispositions, underwriting, dealing in, or making a market in securities or other similar activities), brokerage services, investment management services, asset management services, foreign exchange services, interbank networks and hedge funds, 
 issuing, trading or selling instruments representing interests in pools of assets or in derivatives instruments, 
 financial technology Fintech companies, such as those selling blockchain services, or offering or selling financial products services, 
 advising on, or investing in, private equity or real estate funds or ventures, or 
 any similar activities that the Director of Human Resources or nominee determines in his or her sole discretion constitute financial services. 
 Firm Reported ROTCE means the Firm s percentage return on tangible common equity for each year in the Performance Period (as calculated for use in its publicly available year-end financial disclosures without taking into account any rounding conventions used for financial reporting purposes). 

Firmwide Financial Threshold means a cumulative return on tangible common equity for calendar years 20____, 20____ and 20____ of not less than ______ . Cumulative return on tangible common equity means (i) the sum of the Firm s reported net income for all three calendar years, divided by (ii) reported year-end tangible equity averaged over the three years. 
 Government Office means (i) a full-time position in an elected or appointed office in local, state, or federal government (including equivalent positions outside the U.S. or in a supranational organization), not reasonably anticipated to be a full-career position, or (ii) conducting a bona fide full-time campaign for such an elective public office after formally filing for candidacy, where it is customary and reasonably necessary to campaign full-time for the office. 
 Line of Business means a business unit of the Firm (or one or more business units designated below under the definition Line of Business Financial Threshold of the Corporate Investment Bank). All Corporate Functions (including the functions of the Chief Investment Office) are considered a single Line of Business. 
 Line of Business Financial Threshold means the financial threshold set forth below for the following Lines of Business based on the Firm s management reporting system 
 Asset & Wealth Management Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 
 Card and Auto Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Commercial Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Investment Bank Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 for CIB overall or annual negative allocated product revenues (excluding XVA) for 
 Fixed Income 
 Equities 
 Securities Services 
 Global Investment Banking 
 Payments 
 Consumer Banking, J.P. Morgan Wealth Management and Business Banking Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 Corporate Functions (including Chief Investment Office) Annual negative pre-tax pre-provision income 1 at the Firm level 
 Home Lending Annual negative pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income 2 
 1 Pre-tax pre-provision income means Revenue less Expenses 
 2 Pre-tax pre-loan loss reserve income means Revenue less (Expenses plus Net Charge-offs) 
 
 Not-for-Profit Organization means an entity exempt from tax under state law and under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. Section 501(c)(3) only includes entities organized and operated exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, testing for public safety, literary or educational purposes, or to foster national or international amateur sports competition or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals. Not-for-Profit Organization shall also mean entities outside the United States exempt from local and national tax laws because they are organized and operated exclusively for purposes identical to those applicable to Section 501(c)(3) organization. 
 Performance Companies mean the following institutions which have business activities that overlap with a significant portion of the Firm s revenue mix ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________, and ____________________________. 
 If, during the Performance Period, one or more Performance Companies shall merge, engage in a spin-off or otherwise experience a material change in its revenue mix or business activities or its existence or its primary businesses shall terminate or cease due to receivership, bankruptcy, sale, or otherwise, then the Committee may eliminate such institution from the list of Performance Companies or make such other equitable adjustments, such as adding an acquirer or a new company to the list of Performance Companies, as it deems appropriate, with any such changes having effect for purposes of all calculations hereunder on a prospective basis from the date the applicable change is made. 
 Performance Period means calendar years 20____, 20____ and 20____. 
 Performance Ranking means the ranking of the average ROTCE of the Firm as compared to the ranking of the average ROTCE of the Performance Companies as specified in the footnote to the Performance Table for the Performance Period. 
 Performance Table means the table used in the calculation of PSUs for the Performance Period as set forth below 

Firm Reported ROTCE (average performance) Award Payout Percentage Performance Ranking 1 
 (average performance) 
 Award Payout Percentage 1 
 ____ ____ ___________ ____ to ____ ____ to ____ Pay by relative ROTCE scale ___________ ____ to ____ ____ ____ ___________ ____ to ____ ___________ ____ to ____ 
 1. The following sets forth the precise Award Payout Percentage corresponding to the Firm s Performance Ranking (when compared to Performance Companies) #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ #___ ___ etc. 
 
 If, after the calculation of the Performance Ranking, there is a tie, the tie shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the Award Payout Percentage. For example, in the case of a tie for the _______ ranking between the Firm and a Performance Company, the Firm shall be treated as having satisfied that ranking. In the case of that same tie among Performance Companies, the _______ and _______ rankings will be deemed to have been satisfied. 
 
 Recognized Service means the period of service as an employee set forth in the Firm s applicable service-related policies. 
 ROTCE means for the Firm and each of the Performance Companies a percentage derived by, for each year in the Performance Period, dividing (i) annual earnings from continuing operations less dividends on preferred stock as set forth in published financial disclosures by (ii) the Average Tangible Common Equity for the year. If, prior to the end of the vesting period, the Firm or any Performance Company restates its published financial statements for any year in the Performance Period, ROTCE for that year shall be recalculated for the Firm or Performance Company with the Performance Ranking adjusted, if necessary. This calculation is used solely for purposes of the Performance Ranking. 
 Target Award Number means the number of PSUs designated as such in the Award Agreement. 

Government Office Requirements 
 You may be eligible to continue vesting in all or part of your award if you voluntarily resign to accept a Government Office (as defined above) or to become a candidate for an elective Government Office. 
 
 Full Career Eligibility 
 Government Office Requirements does not apply to you if you satisfy the subsection captioned --Full Career Eligibility as of the date that you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Firm. 
 
 Eligibility 
 Eligibility for continued vesting is conditioned on your providing the Firm 
 At least 60 days advance written notice of your intention to resign to accept or pursue a Government Office (see section captioned Definitions ), during which period you must perform in a cooperative and professional manner services requested by the Firm and not provide services for any other employer. The Firm may elect to shorten this notice period at the Firm s sole discretion. 
 Confirmation, in a form satisfactory to the Firm, that vesting in this award pursuant to this provision would not violate any applicable law, regulation or rule. 
 Documentation in a form satisfactory to the Firm that your resignation is for the purpose of accepting a Government Office or becoming a candidate for a Government Office. (See section captioned Definitions .) 
 
 Portion of Your Award Subject to Continued Vesting 
 Subject to the conditions below, the percentage of this award that will continue to vest in accordance with this award s original schedule will be based on your years of continuous service completed with the Firm immediately preceding your termination date, as follows 
 50 if you have at least 3 but less than 4 years of continuous service, 
 75 if you have at least 4 but less than 5 years of continuous service, or 
 100 if you have 5 or more years of continuous service. 
 
 The portion of this award subject to continued vesting above is referred to as the CV Award and the portion not subject to continued vesting will be cancelled as of the date your employment terminates. 
 
 Conditions for Continued Vesting of Award 
 You must remain in a non-elective Government Office for two or more years after your employment with the Firm terminates to be eligible to receive the CV Award provided that if your non-elective Government Office is for a period less than two years, you will be eligible to receive the CV Award if it has a vesting date during your period of Government Service or 
 In the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for an elective Government Office, your name must be on the primary or final public ballot for the election. (If you are not elected, see below for employment restrictions.) 
 For avoidance of doubt, the performance criteria and protection based vesting set forth in these terms and conditions continue to apply to a CV Award. 
 
 Satisfaction of Conditions 
 If your service in a Government Office ends two years or more after your employment with the Firm terminates, or in the case of resignation from the Firm to campaign for a Government Office, your name is on the primary or final public ballot for the election and you are not elected, any CV Awards then outstanding and any such awards that would have then been outstanding but for an accelerated distribution of shares (as described in the subsection captioned --Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity will be subject for the remainder of the applicable vesting period to the same terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, including employment restrictions during the vesting period, as if you had resigned from the Firm having met the requirements for Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 Failure to Satisfy Conditions 
 If you do not satisfy the above Conditions for Continued Vesting of Awards , any outstanding PSUs under the CV Award will be cancelled. You also will be required to repay the Fair Market Value of the number of shares (before tax and other withholdings) of Common Stock distributed to you that would have been outstanding as PSUs on the date you failed to satisfy the Conditions for Continued Vesting of Award but for their accelerated distribution (as described in subsection captioned, Accelerated Distribution for Ethics or Conflict Reasons Resulting From Employment by a Government Entity ). Fair Market Value for this purpose will be determined as the date that the shares were distributed. 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21>
 4
 corp10k2022exhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
 List of subsidiaries 
 While there are a number of subsidiaries that are required to be reported for various purposes to bank regulators, the following is a list of JPMorgan Chase & Co. s significant legal entity subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, as defined by SEC rules. The list includes the parent company of significant subsidiaries even if the parent company did not meet the definition of a significant subsidiary. Excluded from the list are subsidiaries that, if considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary under SEC rules as of December 31, 2022. 
 Also included in the list are certain subsidiaries that have been designated as material legal entities for resolution planning purposes under the Dodd-Frank Act that did not meet the definition of a significant subsidiary under SEC rules. 
 December 31, 2022 
 Name 
 Organized Under The Laws Of JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association United States Paymentech, LLC United States J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited United States JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd. Japan J.P. Morgan Capital Holdings Limited United Kingdom J.P. Morgan Securities PLC United Kingdom J.P. Morgan SE Germany JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC United States J.P. Morgan Services India Private Limited India JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. United States JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc. United States JPMorgan Asset Management International Limited United Kingdom JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited United Kingdom JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings (Luxembourg) S. r.l. Luxembourg JPMorgan Asset Management (Europe) S. r.l. Luxembourg J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. United States J.P. Morgan Broker-Dealer Holdings Inc. United States J.P. Morgan Securities LLC United States 

</EX-21>

<EX-22.2>
 5
 corp10k2022exhibit222.htm
 EX-22.2

Document 

Exhibit 22.2 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. guarantee of subsidiary issuances 
 
 Securities Guarantor JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC issues, from time to time, its Global Medium-Term Notes, Series A, under the Indenture dated February 19, 2016 that are each fully and unconditionally guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and are currently offered and sold pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement Nos. 333-236659 and 333-236659-01), which was declared effective on April 8, 2020. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 

</EX-22.2>

<EX-23>
 6
 corp10k2022exhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 
 (No. 333-236659) 
 (No. 333-236659-01) (No. 333-263304) 
 
 Form S-8 (No. 333-219702) 
 (No. 333-219701) 
 (No. 333-219699) 
 (No. 333-185584) 
 (No. 333-185582) 
 (No. 333-185581) 
 (No. 333-175681) 
 (No. 333-158325) 
 (No. 333-142109) 
 (No. 333-125827) 
 (No. 333-112967) 

of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or its affiliates of our report dated February 21, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 corp10k2022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, James Dimon, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s James Dimon 
 James Dimon 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 corp10k2022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Jeremy Barnum, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s Jeremy Barnum 
 Jeremy Barnum 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 corp10k2022exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of JPMorgan Chase & Co. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of JPMorgan Chase & Co., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Date February 21, 2023 By s James Dimon James Dimon 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 By s Jeremy Barnum Jeremy Barnum Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies this Annual Report and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to, and will be retained by, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 jpm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 jpm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 jpm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 jpm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 jpm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

