<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1865111_0001829126-23-002448.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3811154</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>355118</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>708910</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1098906</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>728798</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>814831</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002448.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330195415
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002448
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alpha Star Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865111
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41153
		FILM NUMBER:		23782417

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-837-7977

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002448.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 alphastaracq_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED

STATES 

SECURITIES

AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,

D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL

REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For

the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION

REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For

the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission

File No. 

(Exact

Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A

(State

or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S.

Employer 

Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address

of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Issuer s

telephone number, including area code: 

Securities

registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act 

Title

of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name

of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The

Stock Market, LLC 

The Stock Market, LLC 

The

Stock Market, LLC 

The

Stock Market, LLC 

Securities

registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act: None. 

Indicate

by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate

by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange

Act. Yes 

Indicate

by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities

Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has

been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate

by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant

to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the

registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate

by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting

company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 

smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If

an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying

with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate

by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

No 

The number of shares and aggregate market value
of common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
were 11,500,000 and respectively. 

APPLICABLE

ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock (ordinary shares), as of the latest
practicable date: On March 30, 2023, there were 
ordinary shares outstanding of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS

INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE

OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

40 

Item 2. Properties 

40 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

40 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

40 

PART II 

41 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

41 

Item 6. Reserved 

42 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

42 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

45 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

45 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

45 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

46 

Item 9B. Other Information 

46 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

46 

PART III 

47 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

47 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

49 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

50 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

52 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

53 

PART IV 

F-1 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

F-1 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

54 

i 

FORWARD

LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This

Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,

or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements

contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are

not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the

future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,

including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, 

could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 

possible, potential, predicts, project, should, would 

and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not

forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability

to complete our initial business combination; 

success

in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers

and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving

our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential

ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination; 

pool

of prospective target businesses; 

ability

of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential

change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for shares or other forms of equity; 

public

securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the

lack of a market for our securities; 

expectations

regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; 

use

of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial

performance following our business combination, if we compete a business combination. 

The

forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments

and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.

These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions

that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may

vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any

forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable

securities laws. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item

1. BUSINESS 

Company

Profile 

Alpha

Star Acquisition Corporation is a blank check company incorporated on March 11, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated

for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination

with one or more businesses. 

The

registration statement for our initial public offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13,

2021. We completed our initial public offering on December 15, 2021. In our initial public offering, we sold units at an offering price

of 10.00 and consisting of one ordinary share, one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of

an initial business combination and one redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one ordinary

share. 

In

connection with our initial public offering, we sold 11,500,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with

the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and our sponsor, A-Star

Management Corporation, a British Virgin Islands company, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 330,000 units (the

Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross

proceeds to the Company of 3,300,000. The Private Placement Units are identical to the Units in the IPO, except that the Sponsor has

agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Units (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days after

the completion of the Company s initial business combination. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to

such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of

the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Transaction

costs amounted to 5,669,696, consisting of 2,300,000 of underwriting fees, 2,875,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 494,696 of

other offering costs. A total of 115,000,000, comprised of 112,700,000 of the proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes up to 2,875,000

of the underwriter s deferred discount) and 2,300,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in

a U.S.-based trust account, established by VStock Transfer LLC, our transfer agent and maintained at Wilmington Trust, National Association,

acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay

its taxes, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion

of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the Company s public shares properly tendered

in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify

the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if it does not complete its initial business

combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time

to consummate a business combination), or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business

combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if it is unable to complete its initial business

combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time

to consummate a business combination. 

At December 31, 2022, the
Company had working capital deficit of 1,643,890, which exclude amount of 118,228,816 for marketable security held in trust account
in current asset, and amount of 2,875,000 for deferred underwriting commission in current liability. 

The

Company s units are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq and commenced trading under the ticker symbol ALSAU 

on December 13, 2021. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of an ordinary share upon the

consummation of an initial business combination, and one redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half

of one ordinary share of the Company at a price of 11.50 per whole share. The units began separate trading on January 18, 2022

and the ordinary shares, rights and warrants commenced trading on Nasdaq under the symbols ALSA, ALSAR, and

ALSAW, respectively. 

Since

our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates and engaging in non-binding

discussions with potential target entities. To date we have not entered into any binding agreement with any target entity. We presently

have no revenue and have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs since completion of our IPO. 

1 

Recent Developments 

We entered into a non-binding letter of intent LOI for a business combination with Cyclebit Group (the Cyclebit ). Founded in 2012, Cyclebit is a global
payments and SaaS provider. Its core products include card acquiring, point-of-sale (POS) services and marketplace solutions. Under the
terms of the LOI, the Company and Cyclebit would become a combined entity, with the Cyclebit s existing equityholders rolling 100 
of their equity into the combined public company. The Company expects to announce additional details regarding the proposed business combination
when a definitive agreement is executed. No assurances can be made that the parties will successfully negotiate and enter into a definitive
agreement, or that the proposed transaction will be consummated on the terms or timeframe currently contemplated, or at all. Any transaction
would be subject to board and equityholder approval of both companies, regulatory approvals and other customary conditions. 

Acquisition

Strategy and Management Business Combination Experience 

Our

efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to a particular geographic region, although we intend to focus

on businesses that have a connection to the Asian market. However, we shall not consider or undertake a business combination with an

entity or business with its principal or a majority of its business operations (either directly or through any subsidiaries) in the People s

Republic of China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We believe that we will add value to these businesses primarily by providing them

with access to the U.S. capital markets. 

We

will seek to capitalize on the strength of our management team. Our team consists of experienced professionals and senior operating executives.

Collectively, our officers and directors have decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions, and operating companies. We believe

we will benefit from their accomplishments, and specifically their current and recent activities with companies that have a connection

to the Asian market, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, there is no assurance that we will complete a business

combination. 

Investment

Criteria 

Our

management team intends to focus on creating shareholder value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing

of businesses to improve the efficiency of operations while implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions.

We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses.

While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines

should we see justification to do so. 

Middle-Market

Growth Business. We will primarily seek to acquire one or more growth businesses with a total enterprise value of between 300,000,000

and 600,000,000. We believe that there are a substantial number of potential target businesses within this valuation range that can

benefit from new capital for scalable operations to yield significant revenue and earnings growth. We currently do not intend to acquire

either a start-up company (a company that has not yet established commercial operations) or a company with negative cash flow. 

Companies

in Business Segments that are Strategically Significant to the Asian Markets. We will seek to acquire those businesses that are

currently strategically significant in the Asian markets. Such sectors include clean energy, internet and high technology, financial

technology, health care, consumer and retail, energy and resources, manufacturing and education. 

Business

with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant

revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense

reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Companies

with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to

generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams

and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order

to enhance shareholder value. 

Benefit

from Being a Public Company. We intend to only acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded

and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly

traded company. 

These

criteria are not intended to be exhaustive or exclusive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination may

be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our sponsor

and management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into an business combination with a target business that

does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder

communications related to our business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation

or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. In

evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings

with incumbent ownership, management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities,

as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

Our

management team continues to actively source target candidates where they believe will be attractive candidates for acquisition, utilizing

their deal-making track record, professional relationships, and capital markets expertise to enhance the growth potential and value of

a target business and provide opportunities for an attractive return to our stockholders. 

2 

Sourcing

of Potential Business Combination Targets 

Our

management team has developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships

of our management team and our sponsor will provide us with an important source of business combination opportunities. In addition, we

anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking

firms, private equity firms, consultants, accounting firms and business enterprises. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business

combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the business combination through

a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. 

If

any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity

to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination

opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. 

Unless

we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the

fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking

firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an

independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion

is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion

in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary

greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,

as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Members

of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or private placement units following our initial public

offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business

with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest

with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included

by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each

of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or

contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities

to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes

aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations,

he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity,

and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will

provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity

offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director

or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be

reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers

would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Our

officers and directors are not prohibited from becoming an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a

class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

3 

Competition 

In

identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition

from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and

leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and

have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these

competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses

will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition

of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their

redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding rights and

warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of

these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

We

believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we

offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In

this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a

combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are

various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain

and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering,

there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent

in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,

once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public

offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could

delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and

an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by

augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While

we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential

target businesses may have a negative view of us since we are a blank check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty

relating to our ability to obtain shareholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our

trust account in connection therewith. 

Initial

Business Combination Timeframe and Nasdaq Rules 

We

will have until 9 months from December 15, 2021 (the closing of our IPO) to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we

anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 9 months, we may, by resolution of our board

if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to twelve times, each by an additional month

(for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust

account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between

us and Wilmington Trust, National Association and Vstock Transfer LLC in connection with our IPO, in order for the time available for

us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance

notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 383,332, 0.033 per public share), up to an aggregate

of 4,600,000, or 0.40 per public share, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each monthly extension. In the event

that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension, we intend

to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue

a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and

its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination.

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably

possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust

account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our

board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of

creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the rights and warrants will be worthless. 

Since September 15, 2022, we have started to make
the monthly extension by depositing the monthly extension fee of 383,332 into the trust account and we plan to make further monthly extension
for a total of up to 21 months as needed to complete the initial business combination. 

4 

The

NASDAQ rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate

fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable

on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board

of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion

from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company

we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries

in conjunction with our initial business combination. Additionally, pursuant to NASDAQ rules, any initial business combination must be

approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We

anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares

will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial

business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target

business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete

such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target

or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company

under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires

50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority

interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.

For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding

capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance

of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority

of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target

business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned

or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than

one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

Summary

Information Related to Our Securities, Redemption Rights and Liquidation 

We

are a Cayman Islands exempted company (company number 373150) and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and

articles of association, the Companies Law and common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and

articles of association which will be adopted upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we will be authorized to issue 50,000,000

ordinary shares, 0.001 par value each. The information provided below is a summary only and we refer you to our prospectus dated as

of December 14, 2021, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our warrant agreement with Vstock Transfer

LLC Company as warrant agent for additional important and material information. 

In

our initial public offering, we sold units at an offering price of 10.00 and consisting of one ordinary share, one right to receive

one-seventh (1/7) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination and one redeemable warrant. Each warrant

entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one ordinary share. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with the exercise

of the warrants. As a result, a warrant holder must exercise warrants in multiples of two warrants, at a price of 11.50 per full share,

subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial business combination and 9 months

from December 15, 2021 and will expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption.

Effective January 18, 2022, the component parts of the units began trading separately. 

As

of December 31, 2022, there were 14,705,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law.

Unless specified in the Companies Law, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules,

the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. 

5 

As

of December 31, 2022, there are warrants outstanding to acquire and aggregate of 5,750,000 ordinary shares. We will not be obligated

to deliver any ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless

a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a

prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant

will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise

their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state

of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are

not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may

have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser

of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the ordinary share underlying such unit. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption (including the private placement warrants but including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the
unit purchase option issued to the underwriters or their designees): 

in

whole and not in part; 

at

a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon

not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder;

and 

if,

and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equal or exceed 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share

capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading

day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We

will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of

our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination

or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination

or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing

of the transaction, whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange

listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require that we conduct a tender offer under

SEC rules rather than seeking shareholder approval). Under NASDAQ rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically

require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than

20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (unless we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time) or seek to amend

our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions

without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock

exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and

maintain a listing for our securities on the NASDAQ, we will be required to comply with NASDAQ rules. 

We

will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of

our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account

as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net

of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The

amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional

0.40 per public share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). The per-share

amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions

we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which

they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares

they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

6 

Our

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that

would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business

combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also

be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination.

For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash

to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy

other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we

would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions

pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete

the business combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Our

sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering

(December 15, 2021) (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to

consummate a business combination,) to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business

combination within such 9-month (or up to 21-month) time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of

winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,

at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less

up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then

issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders

(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as

reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors,

liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the

requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights and

warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 9-month (or up to 21-

month) time period. 

Corporate

Information 

We

are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the

Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage

of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging

growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404

of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our

periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation

and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive

as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In

addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended

transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.

In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards

would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We

will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary

of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we

are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds

700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible

debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning

associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,

we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies

may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial

statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our

ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceed 100

million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as

of the prior June 30. 

We

are a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated on March 11, 2021. Our executive offices are located at 80 Broad Street, 5 th

Floor, New York, NY, 10004, and our telephone number is (212) 837 7977. 

7 

Item

1A. RISK FACTORS 

As

a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Annual Report. However, below is a partial list of material

risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We

are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve

our business objective. 

We

are a blank check company established under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we commenced operations

only after the closing of our initial public offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate

our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have

no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to

complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating

revenues. 

COVID-19

and its impact on businesses and financial markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination and

any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. 

The

COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely impacted the economies and financial markets

worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally. There is no way of being certain how long these adverse impacts

will last. The coronavirus, or other disease outbreaks, could have a material adverse effect on the business of any potential target

business with which we consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns

relating to the coronavirus pandemic continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the

target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely

manner. The extent to which the coronavirus pandemic impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,

which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the coronavirus pandemic and

the actions to contain it or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by the coronavirus or other matters of global concern

continue for an extensive period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate a business combination,

or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. 

In

addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing and the

coronavirus pandemic and other related events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing, including

as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable

to us or at all. 

In

addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted

by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing

being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

The

occurrence of natural disasters may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations following our business

combination. 

The

occurrence of natural disasters, including hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires and pandemic disease may adversely affect

our business, financial condition or results of operations following our business combination. The potential impact of a natural disaster

on our results of operations and financial position is speculative, and would depend on numerous factors. The extent and severity of

these natural disasters will determine their effect on a given economy. Although the long term effect of diseases such as the H5N1 avian

flu, or H1N1, the swine flu, cannot currently be predicted, previous occurrences of avian flu and swine flu had an adverse effect

on the economies of those countries in which they were most prevalent. An outbreak of a communicable disease could adversely affect our

business, financial condition and results of operations following our business combination. We cannot assure you that natural disasters

will not occur in the future or that its business, financial condition and results of operations will not be adversely affected. 

8 

U.S.

laws in the future may restrict or eliminate our ability to complete a business combination with certain companies. 

Future

developments in U.S. laws may restrict our ability or willingness to complete certain business combinations with companies. For instance,

the federal government has recently proposed legislation that would restrict our ability to consummate a business combination with a

target business unless that business met certain standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB,

and would require delisting of a company from national securities exchanges if it failed to retain an accounting firm that the PCAOB

has inspected to the satisfaction of the SEC. Such proposed legislation would also require public companies to disclose whether they

are owned or controlled by a foreign government, specifically those based in China. We may not be able to consummate a business combination

with a favored target business due to these laws. Furthermore, the documentation we may be required to submit to the SEC proving certain

beneficial ownership requirements and establishing that we are not owned or controlled by a foreign government in the event that we use

a foreign public accounting firm not subject to inspection by the PCAOB or where the PCAOB is unable to completely inspect or investigate

our accounting practices or financial statements because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction could be onerous

and time consuming to prepare. 

Our

public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our

initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders does not support such a combination. 

We

may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder

approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or the rules of the NASDAQ or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business

or other reasons. Examples of transactions that would not ordinarily require shareholder approval include asset acquisitions and share

purchases, while transactions such as direct mergers with our company or transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding

shares would require shareholder s approval. For instance, the NASDAQ rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder

meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares

to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required

us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. Except as required

by law or NASDAQ rules, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow

shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety

of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder

approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding

ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. 

If

we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of

such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Unlike other blank check
companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the
public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted
transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement
shares held by them, as well as any public shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination.
We expect that our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own approximately 21.88 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at
the time of any such shareholder vote (assuming it does not purchase units in this offering, and taking into account ownership of the
private placement units). As a result, in addition to our initial shareholder s founder shares, we would need only 4,147,501 or
approximately 36.06 of the 11,500,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding
shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons
agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. 

9 

Shareholders 

only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your

right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

At

the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more

target businesses. Since our Board of Directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders

may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if

we do not seek shareholder approval, shareholders only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination

may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in

our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The

ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business

combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We

may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that

we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not

be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in

no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting

commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that

we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may

be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption

requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial

business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such

redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will

be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The

ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete

the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At

the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption

rights, and therefore we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted

for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the

purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust

account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for

redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust

account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence

of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business

combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The

ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability

that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If

our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or

requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful

is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until

we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;

however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,

you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate

or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

10 

The

requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage

over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination

targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms

that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any

potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete

our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing

of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). Consequently, such target business

may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination

with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk

will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may

enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We

may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all

operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public

shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our rights and warrants will

expire worthless. 

Our

sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing

of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time

to consummate a business combination,). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business

combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will:

(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than

ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on

deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest

to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely

extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if

any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the

approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations

under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public

shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our

public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

Our

sponsor may decide not to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination, in which case we would cease all

operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, and the rights and warrants

will be worthless. 

We

will have until 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if

we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 9 months, we may, by resolution of our board

if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to twelve times, each by an additional

month (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the

trust account as set out below. In order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended,

our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account 383,332 0.033 per public share), up to an aggregate

of 4,600,000, or 0.40 per public share, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each monthly extension. Any such payments

would be made in the form of a loan. The terms of the promissory note to be issued in connection with any such loans have not yet been

negotiated. 

Our

sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our

initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we

will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata

portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the

approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations

under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the rights

and warrants will be worthless. 

11 

If

we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may

elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public

float of our ordinary shares. 

If

we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business

combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in

privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination,

although they are under no obligation to do so. Please see Proposed Business Permitted purchases of our securities 

for a description of how such persons will determine which shareholders to seek to acquire shares from. Such a purchase may include a

contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof

and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates

purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights,

such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such

transaction may be different from the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection

with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination

and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in

an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Initial business

combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business

combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In

addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our

securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on

a national securities exchange. 

If

a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or

fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We

will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial

business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials,

as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents

or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination

will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that

a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You

will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your

investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, rights or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our

public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion

of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder

vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation

to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of our initial

public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business

combination,) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity

and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 9 months

from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the

period of time to consummate a business combination), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances

will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you

may be forced to sell your public shares, rights or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

12 

NASDAQ

may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities

and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our

units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants are listed on the NASDAQ. We cannot guarantee that our securities will continue to be, listed on

NASDAQ in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior to our

initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a

minimum market value of listed securities of 50 million, a minimum market value of public held shares of 15 million, and a minimum

number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders). 

If

NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities

exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material

adverse consequences, including: 

a

limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced

liquidity for our securities; 

a

determination that our ordinary shares is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our ordinary shares to adhere

to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a

limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a

decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The

National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the

sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, ordinary shares, rights

and warrants are listed on NASDAQ, our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are

preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is

a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered

securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of

securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check

companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check

companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we

would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business

combination. 

If

we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,

and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial public

offering, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering. 

If

we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business

combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public

shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as

a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with

respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to throughout this Form 10-K

as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares

(including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your

influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us

if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the

Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding

15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

13 

Because

of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to

complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders

may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption, and our rights and warrants

will expire worthless. 

We

expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors

(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international,

competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have

extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing

services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local

industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these

competitors. While we believe there are numerous target business, we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial

public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain

target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives

others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay cash for the

ordinary shares redeemed and, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we make purchases of

our ordinary shares, potentially reducing the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these

obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to

complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share (or less in

certain circumstances) on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. In certain

circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

If

the net proceeds of our initial public offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least

9 months (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business

combination,), we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

The

funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least 9 months (or up to 21 months

from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,), assuming that

our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition

plans. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing

from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our

ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

We

believe that, upon the closing of our initial public offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, will be

sufficient to allow us to operate for at least 9 months (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we

extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,); however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of

the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our

search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 

provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions

with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination,

although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive

exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or

otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target

business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately

 10.00 per share (or less in certain circumstances) on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire

worthless. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our rights and warrants will expire

worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their

shares. 

Our working capital position and the requirement that

we consummate an initial business combination within 21 months after the closing of our IPO give rise to substantial doubt about

our ability to continue as a going concern. 

At December 31, 2022, we had
approximately 110,991 in cash. We have incurred and we expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of a business combination.
Further, we have until September 15, 2023 with extension to consummate a business combination, and it is uncertain
that we will be able to consummate a business combination by that date. If a business combination is not consummated by that date, we
will commence a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date of our financial statements included in this report. Our financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

14 

If

the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient,

it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination

and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business

combination. 

Of

the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, only 682,254 was available to us

initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If

we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties

to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under

any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the

trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our

initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and

liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share (or less in

certain circumstances) on our redemption of our public shares, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. In such case, our

public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,

our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

Subsequent

to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment

or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price,

which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even

if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface

all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues

through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later

arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment

or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected

risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though

these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature

could contribute to negative market perceptions about our securities or us. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate

net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue

of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business

combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction

in value. 

If

third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received

by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our

placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all

vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business

execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for

the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may

not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary

responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain

advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute

an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives

available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such

third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples

of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant

whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would

agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,

there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,

any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption

of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise

of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors

that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount

received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 

15 

Our

sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor (other than our independent auditors) for

services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement,

reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public

share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,

in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver

of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our

initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed

waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such

third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations

and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to

satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside

to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available

for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not

be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption

of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,

claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our

directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in

the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In

the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser

amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the

trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy

its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine

whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent

directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible

that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent

directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution

to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

If,

after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy

petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our Board

of Directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our Board of Directors

and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,

after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy

petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor

and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy

court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached

its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by

paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,

before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy

petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our

shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be

reduced. 

If,

before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy

petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy

law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.

To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders

in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

16 

If

we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements

and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If

we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions

on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions

on the issuance of securities; 

each

of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome

requirements, including: 

registration

as an investment company; 

adoption

of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,

record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

We

do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust

account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money

market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company

Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the

exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment

Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds

and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public

shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account

and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes

in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results

of operations. 

We

are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply

with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,

time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and

those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to

comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results

of operations. 

If

we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the initial 9 months (or up to 21 months from the closing of our

initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) of the closing of our initial public offering,

our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 9 months (or up to 21 months) before redemption from our trust account. 

If

we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the initial 9 months (or up to 21 months from the closing of our

initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,), we will distribute the aggregate amount

then on deposit in the trust account (less up to 50,000 of the net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to

our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further

described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended

and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the trust

account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up,

liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case, investors may be forced to

wait beyond the initial 9 months (or up to 21 months) before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and

they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors

prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then

in cases where investors have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders

be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

17 

Our

shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption

of their shares. 

If

we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment

if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall

due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore,

our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and

thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims

of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who

knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to

pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to fines and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We

may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In

accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are required to hold an annual meeting no later than one year after our

first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ, unless we continue to be a foreign private issuer. There is no requirement under

the Cayman Islands Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings or elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting

of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. 

We

are not registering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws

at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor

from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We

are not registering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws

at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than

15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file, and within 60 business

days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering such shares and maintain

a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in

accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts

or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial

statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable

upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants

on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any

shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified

under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. 

Notwithstanding

the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within

a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an

effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise

warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such

exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants

on a cashless basis. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption

is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange

for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities

laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or

exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant

may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid

the full unit purchase price solely for the ordinary shares included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us,

we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification

under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register

or qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in

our initial public offering. 

18 

The

grant of registration rights to our sponsor and holders of our private placement units may make it more difficult to complete our initial

business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 

Pursuant

to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our

sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares. In addition, holders of our private

placement units and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement units and their underlying

securities, holders of the shares, and the shares underlying the rights and warrants, can demand that we register such securities, and holders of units that may

be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, may demand that we register such units and their underlying securities. We will

bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for

trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of

the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the

shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash

consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares

owned by our sponsor, holders of our private placement units or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted

transferees are registered. 

Because

we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,

you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We

may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we will not, under our amended

and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check

company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with

respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s

operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business

combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine

with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks

inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate

the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant

risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control

and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot

assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such

opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following

the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such

reduction in value. 

Past

performance by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information

regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and their affiliates is presented for informational purposes

only. Past performance by our management team, including their affiliates past performance, is not a guarantee either (i) of

success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for

our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and their affiliates as indicative

of our future performance. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team have been involved

in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 

We

may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We

will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented

to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue

an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable

to its evaluation or operations. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant

risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer

a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

19 

Although

we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may

enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target

business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria

and guidelines. 

Although

we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business

with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial

business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a

combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business

combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their

redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a

minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if we are no longer a foreign private issuer and shareholder approval of

the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult

for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and

guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00

per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We

may seek acquisition opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To

the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record

of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks

include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors

will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all

of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. 

Furthermore,

some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will

adversely impact a target business. 

We

are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently,

you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial

point of view. 

Unless

we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the

fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking

firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an

independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion

is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion

in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary

greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,

as applicable, related to our initial business combination. However, if our Board of Directors is unable to determine the fair value

of an entity with which we seek to complete an initial business combination based on such standards, we will be required to obtain an

opinion as described above. 

We

may issue additional ordinary or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after

completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other

risks. 

Our

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize the issuance of up to 50,000,000 ordinary

shares, par value 0.001 per share. There are 35,295,000 authorized but unissued ordinary shares available for issuance and there is no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

20 

We

may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares, and may issue preference shares, in order to complete our initial business

combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. However, our amended and restated

memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue

additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote

on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares: 

may

significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may

subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary

shares; 

could

cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability

to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and

directors; and 

may

adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, ordinary shares, rights and/or warrants. 

We

may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences

to U.S. investors. 

If

we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the

section of this prospectus captioned Income Tax Considerations Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax

consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years

may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this prospectus captioned Income Tax

Considerations Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations U.S. Holders Passive Foreign Investment

Company Rules ). Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to

uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no

assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status

for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a

PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service
 IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and

maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required

information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our ordinary shares, rights and warrants in all cases. We urge

U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our ordinary

shares, rights and warrants. 

We

may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in

taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We

may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Law, reincorporate

in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located. The transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable

income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent

entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding

taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Resources

could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate

and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may

receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account

and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We

anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant

agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs

for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up

to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a

specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond

our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect

subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business

combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our

rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

21 

We

are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our

operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that

our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.

In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will

have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business

combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life

of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental

effect on us. 

Our

ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts

of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively

impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our

ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key

personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target

business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the

management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial

business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be

unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources

helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our

key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.

These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them

to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our

key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to

negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously

with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments

and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial

interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary

duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial

business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business

combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business

combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination

as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

We

may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business

combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When

evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the

target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities

of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities

we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,

the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose

to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are

unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The

officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a

business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained

at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated

with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition

candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

22 

Our

officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to

how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial

business combination. 

Our

officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest

in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend

to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several

other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute

any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.

If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs

in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact

on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain

of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities

similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular

business opportunity should be presented. 

Following

the completion of our initial public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business

of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated

with other blank check companies like ours or other entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in

making and managing investments in a similar business. 

Our

officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other

entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to

which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential

target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman

Islands law. 

Our

officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our

interests. 

We

have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect

pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or

have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors

or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for

their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between

their interests and ours. 

We

may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated

with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In

light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses

affiliated with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.

Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware

of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and

there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be

specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined

that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested

directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly

renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness

to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated

with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the

business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

23 

Since

our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict

of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On

March 26, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately

0.01 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible.

As such, our sponsor owns approximately 21.88 of our issued and outstanding shares after our initial public offering (assuming it does

not purchase units in our initial public offering and taking into account ownership of the private placement units). The founder shares

will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 330,000

private placement units, for a purchase price of 3,300,000 in the aggregate, or 10.00 per unit, that will also be worthless if we do

not complete a business combination. 

Each

private placement unit consists of one private placement share, one private placement warrant and one private placement right. Each private placement right will be converted to one seventh (1/7) of one ordinary share upon the closing of the business combination transaction. Each private placement warrant may

be exercised for one-half of one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

The

founder shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial public offering except that (i) the

founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions and (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter

agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares,

private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their

redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder

vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (x) to modify the substance or timing

of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem

100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within the timeframe set forth therein or with

respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive

their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if

we fail to complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months

from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in

more detail in this prospectus) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any

public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). 

The

personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business

combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business

combination. 

Since

our sponsor, officers and directors may not be eligible to be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if our initial business combination

is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for

our initial business combination. 

At

the closing of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be

reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses

and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses

incurred in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors may influence

their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business combination. 

We

may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely

affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although

we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding

debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We

have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or

claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available

for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

24 

default

and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt

obligations; 

acceleration

of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants

that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our

immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our

inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such

financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our

inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using

a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends

on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations

on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased

vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;

and 

limitations

on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution

of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We

may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement

units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This

lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Of

the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, 115,000,000 was available to complete

our business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes up to approximately 2,875,000 for the payment of deferred

underwriting commissions). 

We

may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within

a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business

because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma

financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they

had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification

may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit

from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several

business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. 

Accordingly,

the prospects for our success may be: 

solely

dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent

upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This

lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial

adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

25 

We

may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete

our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If

we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers

to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make

it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we

could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence

investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations

and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,

it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We

may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may

result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In

pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little

public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential

initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not

as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Our

management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance

that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably

operate such business. 

We

may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than

100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction

company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest

in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not

consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities

of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination

company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue

a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a

target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of

new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding

ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting

in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make

it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

We

do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete

a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in

no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting

commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (such that

we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may

be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business

combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares

or, if we are no longer a foreign private issuer and we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct

redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated

agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration

we would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash

conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not

complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders

thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

26 

The fact that our sponsor is, is controlled
by, and has substantial ties with a non-U.S. person could impact our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

We may not be able to complete
an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment
regulations and review by a U.S. government agency such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), or ultimately
prohibited. 

Our sponsor, A-Star Management
Corp., is controlled by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Zhe Zhang, who is a Chinese citizen. Our sponsor will own approximately
21.88 of the outstanding shares of us after we complete the initial public offering. Certain federally licensed businesses in the United
States, such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is
an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons
in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Because we may be considered a foreign
person under such rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated
industry or which may affect national security, we could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. The scope
of CFIUS review was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain
non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying
U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to
mandatory filings. If our initial business combination with any potential target company falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions,
we may be unable to consummate a business combination with such business. In addition, if our business combination falls within CFIUS s
jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the
initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination.
CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect
to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded
without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. 

Moreover, the process of
government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete its initial business
combination (9 months, or up to 21 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this prospectus),
our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public
shareholders may only receive the cash held in the trust account, and our warrants and rights will expire worthless. This will also cause
you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through
any price appreciation in the combined company. 

27 

Investors

may view our units as less attractive than those of other blank check companies. 

Unlike

other blank check companies that sell units comprised of shares and warrants each to purchase one full share in their initial public

offerings, we are selling units each of which is comprised of one ordinary share, one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of an ordinary

share upon the consummation of an initial business combination and one redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to

purchase one-half of one ordinary share. The rights and warrants will not have any voting rights and will expire and be worthless if

we do not consummate an initial business combination. Furthermore, no fractional shares will be issued upon exercises of the warrants.

As a result, unless you acquire at least two warrants, you will not be able to receive a share upon exercise of your warrants. Accordingly,

investors in our initial public offering will not be issued the same securities as part of their investment as they may have in other

blank check company offerings, which may have the effect of limiting the potential upside value of your investment in our company. 

In

order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their

charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum

and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination

that our shareholders may not support. 

In

order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and

modified governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption

thresholds and extended the period of time in which it had to consummate a business combination. We cannot assure you that we will not

seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments or extend the time in which we

have to consummate a business combination through amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require

a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. 

The

provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-initial business combination activity

(and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), including an amendment to permit

us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation

is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who

attend and vote in a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier

for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the

completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some

other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those

which relate to a company s pre-initial business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s

shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public

shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that any of its provisions, including those

related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and

the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide

redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or

an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption

or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated), but excluding the provision of the articles relating to the appointment of directors,

may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding

provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 

of our ordinary shares. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and

articles of association. Our sponsor, which will beneficially own approximately 21.88 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our

initial public offering (assuming it does not purchase units in our initial public offering and taking into account ownership of the

private placement units), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or

trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of

our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some

other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders

may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

28 

Certain

agreements related to our initial public offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain

agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to our initial public offering, the investment management trust agreement between

us and Wilmington Trust, National Association and Vstock Transfer LLC, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers, directors

and director nominees, the registration rights agreement among us and our sponsor and the administrative services agreement between us

and our sponsor, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders

might deem to be material. For example, the underwriting agreement related to our initial public offering contains a covenant that the

target company that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account at the time of

signing the definitive agreement for the transaction with such target business (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes

payable on the income earned on the trust account) so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NASDAQ. While

we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible

that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to

any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect

on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We

may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target

business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although

we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units will be sufficient to

allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot

ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale

of the private placement units prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the

depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of

shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated

transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing

or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if

at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,

we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative

target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we

may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could

have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or

shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are

unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the

liquidation of our trust account, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public

shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

We

may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of

a majority of the then issued and outstanding warrants. 

Our

warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Vstock Transfer LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant

agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any

defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then issued and outstanding warrants (including private

warrants) to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the

terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of a majority of the then issued and outstanding warrants (including

private warrants) approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of a majority

of the then issued and outstanding warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase

the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of

a warrant. 

29 

We

may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We

have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of

0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our ordinary shares equal or exceed 18.00 per share (as adjusted for

share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading

days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant

holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise

of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such

registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the state of

residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. Redemption of the outstanding warrants

could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you

to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to

accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially

less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held

by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Our

management s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive

fewer ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants

for cash. 

If

we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied,

our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor,

officers or directors, other purchasers of our founders units, or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. 

If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of ordinary shares received by

a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect

of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

Our

warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate

our initial business combination. 

We

have issued, as part of the units offered in our IPO and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, an

aggregate of 11,830,000 public and private placement units. In each case, the warrants are exercisable to purchase one-half

of one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Prior to our initial

public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares in a private placement. In addition, if our

sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into units, at the price of 10.00

per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 150,000 ordinary shares if 1,500,000 of notes were so

converted, as well as 150,000 warrants to purchase 75,000 shares) at the option of the lender and 150,000 rights. Such units

would be identical to the private placement units. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business

transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional ordinary shares upon exercise of these

warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number

of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the ordinary shares issued to complete the business

transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or

increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement units are identical to the units sold in our

initial public. 

30 

A

provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike

some other blank check companies, if 

(i) 

we

issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial

business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share; 

(ii) 

the

aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available

for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),

and 

(iii) 

the

Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then

the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,

and the 18 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market

Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target

business. 

The

determination of the offering price of our units and the size of our initial public offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities

and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price

of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company. 

Prior

to our initial public offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and

the terms of the warrants were negotiated between the underwriters and us. In determining the size of our initial public offering, management

held customary organizational meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect

to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors

considered in determining the size of our initial public offering, prices and terms of the units, including the ordinary shares and warrants

underlying the units, include: 

the

history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; 

prior

offerings of those companies; 

our

prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; 

a

review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions; 

our

capital structure; 

an

assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; 

general

conditions of the securities markets at the time of our initial public offering; and 

other

factors as were deemed relevant. 

Although

these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating

company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results. 

31 

Because

we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous

initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The

federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance

tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement

disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial

statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United

States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financing reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,

or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the

standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because

some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and

complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

We

are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of

certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could make

our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We

are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage

of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth

companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of

the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,

and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any

golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may

deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status

earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before

that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether

investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less

attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would

be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial

accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective

or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting

standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements

that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such

extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or

private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new

or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth

company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of

the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Additionally,

we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies

may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial

statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our

ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual

revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds

700 million as of the prior June 30 th . To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may

also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

32 

Compliance

obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial

financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404

of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on

Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated

filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control

over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent

registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank

check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public

companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the

provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such

entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Because

we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to

protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We

are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service

of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against

our directors or officers. 

Our

corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may

be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against

the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are

to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively

limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive

authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of

our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions

in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and

certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman

Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We

have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce

against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of

the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated

upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed

by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of

judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign

court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes

upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign

judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in

respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the

grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy

of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court

may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As

a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken

by management, members of the Board of Directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States

company. 

33 

Provisions

in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors

might be willing to pay in the future for our ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals

that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the

Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make more difficult the removal of

management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

After

our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and

all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or

their other legal rights. 

It

is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States

and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,

for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers

or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers

under United States laws. 

34 

Risks

Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States 

If

we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional

risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If

we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations

or risks associated with companies operating in the target business home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 

rules and

regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws

governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs

and trade barriers; 

regulations

related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer

payment cycles; 

tax

issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency

fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates

of inflation; 

challenges

in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural

and language differences; 

employment

regulations; 

crime,

strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration

of political relations with the United States which could result in any number of difficulties, both normal course such as above

or extraordinary such as sanctions being imposed. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable

to do so, our operations might suffer. 

If

our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time

and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following

our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the

management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may

not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have

to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory

issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

If

we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely

govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

If

we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates

will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able

to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement

of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability

to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities

or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets

would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a

result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our

directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our

directors and officers under Federal securities laws. 

35 

Because

of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations after we acquire it, our results of operations may

be negatively impacted following a business combination. 

Managing
a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Management of the target business that we
may hire (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant
differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs
and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher
than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. 

Many

countries, and especially those in emerging markets, have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations

that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our

ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend

ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact

our operations, assets or financial condition. 

Rules and

regulations in many countries, including some of the emerging markets within the regions we will initially focus, are often ambiguous

or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The

attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent. 

Delay

with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and

labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results. 

After

our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue

may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant

extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The

economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect

our business. The economies in developing markets we will initially focus on differ from the economies of most developed countries in

many respects. Such economic growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may

not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,

there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially

and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and

if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange

rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In

the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent

of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value

of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.

Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business

or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a

currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target

business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Because

our business objective includes the possibility of acquiring one or more operating businesses with primary operations in emerging markets

we will focus on, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the currency of any relevant jurisdiction may affect our ability

to achieve such objective. For instance, the exchange rates between the Turkish lira or the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar has changed

substantially in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. If the U.S. dollar declines in value against the

relevant currency, any business combination will be more expensive and therefore more difficult to complete. Furthermore, we may incur

costs in connection with conversions between U.S. dollars and the relevant currency, which may make it more difficult to consummate a

business combination. 

36 

Because

foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or

elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

Foreign

law could govern almost all of our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements

or that remedies will be available outside of such foreign jurisdiction s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement

of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States.

Judiciaries in such jurisdiction may also be relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher

than usual degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under

any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities. 

Corporate

governance standards in foreign countries may not be as strict or developed as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues

and operational practices that are detrimental to a target business. 

General

corporate governance standards in some countries are weak in that they do not prevent business practices that cause unfavorable related

party transactions, over-leveraging, improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not

go far to prevent improper business practices. Therefore, shareholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result of poor

management practices, asset shifting, conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall company,

and cronyism. The lack of transparency and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation and weakness

that may precipitate or encourage financial crisis. In our evaluation of a business combination we will have to evaluate the corporate

governance of a target and the business environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies take steps to

implement practices that will cause compliance with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these intended

efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result in an

adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 

Companies

in foreign countries may be subject to accounting, auditing, regulatory and financial standards and requirements that differ, in some

cases significantly, from those applicable to public companies in the United States, which may make it more difficult or complex to consummate

a business combination. In particular, the assets and profits appearing on the financial statements of a foreign company may not reflect

its financial position or results of operations in the way they would be reflected had such financial statements been prepared in accordance

with U.S. GAAP and there may be substantially less publicly available information about companies in certain jurisdictions than there

is about comparable United States companies. Moreover, foreign companies may not be subject to the same degree of regulation as are United

States companies with respect to such matters as insider trading rules, tender offer regulation, shareholder proxy requirements and the

timely disclosure of information. 

Legal

principles relating to corporate affairs and the validity of corporate procedures, directors fiduciary duties and liabilities

and shareholders rights for foreign corporations may differ from those that may apply in the U.S., which may make the consummation

of a business combination with a foreign company more difficult. We therefore may have more difficulty in achieving our business objective. 

A

slowdown in economic growth in the markets that our business target operates in may adversely affect our business, financial condition,

results of operations, the value of its equity shares and the trading price of our shares following our business combination. 

Following

the business combination, our results of operations and financial condition may be dependent on, and may be adversely affected by, conditions

in financial markets in the global economy, and, particularly in the markets where the business operates. The specific economy could

be adversely affected by various factors such as political or regulatory action, including adverse changes in liberalization policies,

business corruption, social disturbances, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, natural calamities, interest rates, inflation,

commodity and energy prices and various other factors which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,

value of our equity shares and the trading price of our shares following the business combination. 

37 

Regional

hostilities, terrorist attacks, communal disturbances, civil unrest and other acts of violence or war may result in a loss of investor

confidence and a decline in the value of our equity shares and trading price of our shares following our business combination. 

Terrorist

attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence or war may negatively affect the markets in which we may operates our business following

our business combination and also adversely affect the worldwide financial markets. In addition, the countries we will focus on, have

from time to time experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among or between neighboring countries. Any such hostilities

and tensions may result in investor concern about stability in the region, which may adversely affect the value of our equity shares

and the trading price of our shares following our business combination. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil

unrest, could influence the economy in which our business target operates, and could have an adverse effect on our business, including

the value of equity shares and the trading price of our shares following our business combination. 

Any

downgrade of credit ratings of the country in which the company we acquire does business may adversely affect our ability to raise debt

financing following our business combination. 

No

assurance can be given that any rating organization will not downgrade the credit ratings of the sovereign foreign currency long-term

debt of the country in which our business target operates, which reflect an assessment of the overall financial capacity of the government

of such country to pay its obligations and its ability to meet its financial commitments as they become due. Any downgrade could cause

interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively impact both the perception of credit risk associated with our future

variable rate debt and our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms in the future. This could have an adverse effect on

our financial condition following our business combination. 

Returns

on investment in foreign companies may be decreased by withholding and other taxes. 

Our

investments will incur tax risk unique to investment in developing economies. Income that might otherwise not be subject to withholding

of local income tax under normal international conventions may be subject to withholding of income tax in a developing economy. Additionally,

proof of payment of withholding taxes may be required as part of the remittance procedure. Any withholding taxes paid by us on income

from our investments in such country may or may not be creditable on our income tax returns. We intend to seek to minimize any withholding

tax or local tax otherwise imposed. However, there is no assurance that the foreign tax authorities will recognize application of such

treaties to achieve a minimization of such tax. We may also elect to create foreign subsidiaries to effect the business combinations

to attempt to limit the potential tax consequences of a business combination. 

38 

CAUTIONARY

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some

statements contained in this prospectus are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,

statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future.

In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including

any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 

could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 

possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 

and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not

forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about: 

our

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business

combination; 

our

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or

in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the

ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our

public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the

lack of a market for our securities; 

the

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The

forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments

and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.

These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions

that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors .

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may

vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any

forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable

securities laws. 

39 

Item

1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item

2. Properties 

We

currently maintain our executive offices at 80 Broad Street, 5 th Floor, New York, NY 10004. The cost for this space is included

in the 10,000 per month fee that we will pay our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current

office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item

3. Legal Proceedings 

As

of December 31, 2022, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any

members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item

4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not

Applicable 

40 

PART II 

ITEM

5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our

units are currently traded on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ALSAU and started trading on The Nasdaq Global

Market on December 13, 2021. The ordinary shares, rights and warrants and began separate trading on January 18, 2022, under the symbols

ALSA, ALSAR and ALSAW respectively. 

Stockholders

of Record 

At

December 31, 2022 there were 11,830,000 of our units issued and outstanding by stockholders of record. Assuming all units have been separated into ordinary shares, rights and warrants, at December 31, 2021,

there were 14,705,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding by stockholders of record, there were 11,830,000

of our rights issued and outstanding by stockholders of record, and there were 11,830,000 warrants issued and outstanding by stockholders

of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners

of any of our securities whose securities are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We

have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion

of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if

any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends

subsequent to a business combination will be, subject to the laws of the Cayman Islands, within the discretion of our board of directors

at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations

and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our

board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,

if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to under the terms

of such indebtedness. 

Recent

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Securities

Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Use

of Proceeds 

The

registration statement for our initial public offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13,

2021. We completed our initial public offering on December 15, 2021. In our initial public offering, we sold units at an offering price

of 10.00 and consisting of one ordinary share, one right and one redeemable warrant. Each right entitles the holders thereof to receive

one seventh (1/7) of one ordinary shares upon the consumption of the initial business combination. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof

to purchase one-half of one ordinary share. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with the exercise of the warrants. 

In

connection with our initial public offering, we sold 11,500,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with

the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and our sponsor, A-Star

Management Corporation, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 330,000 units (the Private Placement Units 

to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,300,000. 

41 

Transaction

costs related to our IPO amounted to 5,669,696, consisting of 2,300,000 of underwriting fees, 2,875,000 of deferred underwriting fees

and 494,696 of other offering costs. A total of 115,000,000, comprised of 112,700,000 of the proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes

up to 2,875,000 of the underwriter s deferred discount) and 2,300,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units,

was placed in a U.S.-based trust account, established by VStock Transfer LLC, our transfer agent and maintained at Wilmington Trust,

National Association, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds in the trust account that may be released

to the Company to pay its taxes, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of

(i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the Company s public

shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles

of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if it

does not complete its initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of

the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), or (B) with respect to any other provision relating

to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares

if it is unable to complete its initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the

closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, net cash used in operating activities was 276,867. At December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital deficit as 1,643,890,
which exclude amount of 118,228,816 for marketable security held in trust account in current asset, and amount of 2,875,000 for deferred
underwriting commission in current liability. 

ITEM

6. RESERVED 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM

7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The

following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction

with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary

Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes

forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a

result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item

1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We

are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 11, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,

asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate

our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, our shares,

debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We

expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business

Combination will be successful. 

Results

of Operations 

We

have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31,

2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target

company for a Business Combination after the Initial Public Offering. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business

Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the Initial

Public Offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,

accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business

Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 1,107,130
which consisted of formation and operational costs of 587,614, interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account of
 1,312,585, other income of 5 and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in trust account of 382,154. The formation and operational
costs mainly consisted with administrative expenses to the sponsor, insurance expenses and professional expense. The other income and
unrealized gain on marketable securities are consist with mainly tax-exempt interest income. 

42 

Liquidity

and Capital Resources 

On

December 15, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Simultaneously

with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 330,000 Private Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00

per Private Unit generating gross proceeds of 3,300,000. 

Following

the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 115,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 5,669,696

in transaction costs, including 2,300,000 of underwriting fees, 2,875,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 494,696 of other offering

costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities
was 276,867. Net income of 1,107,130 was impacted by formation and operational costs of 587,614, interest earned on investments of
 1,312,585 and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in trust account of 382,154. 

At

December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the Trust Account of 118,228,816. We intend to use substantially all of the funds

held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, excluding deferred underwriting commissions,

to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share

capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the

Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions

and pursue our growth strategies. 

At December 31, 2022,
we had cash of 110,991 held outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify
and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants
or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In

order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an

affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Such

Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such notes out of the

proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working

capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such notes, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.

Up to 1,500,000 of notes may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the lender. The units would

be identical to the Private Units. 

In

order to complete a Business Combination, the Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from

its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not

obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion,

to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company

is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but

not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses.

The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These

conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern if a Business Combination is not

consummated. 

On September 13, 2022, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of up to 1,000,000 to the Sponsor, pursuant to which
the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to 1,000,000 to pay the extension fee and transaction cost. The Notes bear no interest and are
repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) September 15, 2023 or (b) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business
combination. On December 13, 2022, the Company issued a second promissory note (the Second Note in the principal amount
of up to 1,300,000 to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to 1,300,000 to pay the extension fee
and transaction cost. Notes bear no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) December 31, 2023 or (b) the date of the
consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Notes have no conversion feature and no collateral. On March 13, 2023, the Company issued a third promissory note (the Third Note in the principal amount of up to 2,500,000 to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to 2,500,000 to pay the extension fee and transaction cost. Notes bear no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) December 31, 2023 or (b) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Notes have no conversion feature and no collateral. The issuance
of the Notes were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Sponsor promissory notes balances were 1,533,332 and nil as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

We believe we will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. If our estimate of the costs of identifying a
target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to
do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need
to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number
of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. 

43 

Off-Balance

Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We

have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We

do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to

as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have

not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments

of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual

Obligations 

We

do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement

to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative

services, provided to the Company. We began incurring these fees on December 15, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until

the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. 

The

underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of two and one-half percent (2.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,

or 2,875,000. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account,

subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical

Accounting Policies 

The

preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United

States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure

of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual

results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrants 

The Company evaluates the Public and Private Warrants as either equity-classified or
liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrants specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance
in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers
whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480,
and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed
to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. Pursuant to such evaluation, both Public
and Private Warrants are classified in stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Redemption 

We

account for our ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 

Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability

instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption

rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within

our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our

ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain

future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as commitments and contingencies, outside

of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheets. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying

value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in

the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated

deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

44 

Basic and diluted
net income (loss) per share 

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . In order to determine
the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed
income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using
the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted
average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption
value of the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. 

The
calculation of diluted net income (loss) per ordinary shares and related weighted average of the ordinary shares does not consider the
effect of the warrants and rights issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering, and (ii) the private placement
since the exercise of the warrants and rights are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 5,915,000 shares
of ordinary shares in the aggregate, and the rights are exercisable to convert 1,690,000 shares of ordinary shares in the aggregate. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or
converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company other than above. As a result, diluted net income (loss)
per ordinary shares is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary shares for the periods presented. 

Recent accounting
standards 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our interim
condensed financial statements. 

Item

7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public
Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in certain U.S.
government securities with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due
to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item

8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This

information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item

9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

45 

Item

9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation

of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

We

do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and

procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the

disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there

are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure

controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all

our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain

assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated

goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This

Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial

reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of

the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There

has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially

affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as the circumstances that led to the restatement of our financial statements described

in this Report had not yet been identified. 

Item

9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions

That Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

46 

PART III 

Item 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Our

current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Zhe Zhang 
 
 48 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Guojian Chen 
 
 30 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Patrick Swint 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Xiaofeng Zhou 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Huei-Ching Huang 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Zhe

Zhang serves as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since April 2021. From August 2018 to February 2020, Mr. Zhang

served as an independent director of TKK Symphony Acquisition Corporation. Since May 2013, Dr. Zhang has been a Founding Partner

of SIFT Capital, an asset manager licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) of Hong Kong and China Securities Regulatory

Commission (CSRC). Since February 2019, Dr. Zhang has also been the CEO of Still Waters Green Technology Limited, an asset

management company based in London, specializing in the development and management of renewable energy and power generation assets. Prior

to that, from January 2000 to April 2013, he was an Executive Director at Goldman Sachs Beijing, where he was a member of the

Supervisory Board of Goldman s Beijing Office and led multiple overseas acquisitions by Chinese state-owned enterprises and listed

companies. He is experienced with fund formation, equity investment and portfolio management. Before entering the private sector, Dr. Zhang

had spent 14 years with MOFCOM including as a diplomat stationed in Europe. He is licensed as a Responsible Officer for Asset Management

under the SFC of Hong Kong, as well as the licensed to practice as a professional respectively for securities, futures and fund management

in China. Dr. Zhang holds a Ph.D. degree from China University of International Business and Economics, Master degrees from both

Peking University (LL.M.) and Oxford University (Magister Juris), and a Bachelor degree from Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade (B.A.).

He currently sits on the board of China Oxford Scholarship Fund and is involved in the process for scholarship awardee selection every

year. 

Guojian

Chen serves as our Chief Financial Officer and director since March 2021. Mr. Chen serves as an independent director of

Venus Acquisition Corporation since February 2021. Mr. Chen serves as the Secretary of Board of Beijing ChinaReel Art Exchange

Inc. a leading copyright operator focusing on high-quality video content, since May 2020, where he is in charge of investor relations

and corporate finance matters for the company. Mr. Chen served as a director of Beijing Zhongqixinhe Enterprise Management Consulting

Co., Ltd., a financial advisory firm with focuses on financial, real estate and TMT industry from May 2019 to May 2020.

Mr. Chen served as an analyst of Zhongrong Huitong Investment Fund Management (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. from July 2018 to May 2019.

Mr. Chen received his Bachelor of Management degree from Renmin University of China in 2015, and Master of Finance from the University

of Chinese Academy of Sciences in June 2018. 

Xiaofeng

Zhou serves as an independent director since December 2021. Ms. Zhou serves as the Managing Director and founder of Hainan Genyuan

Investment Corp. since October 2020. From September 2019 to October 2020, Ms. Zhou served as Senior Strategic Consultant

for Nanjing Travel Group. Prior to that, from September 2006 to September 2019, Ms. Zhou served director, Vice President

and Secretary of the Board for Tempus International Commercial Services Corp., a company listed in Hong Kong and Shenzhen Stock market.

Ms. Zhou received her LL.B. degree from Shenzhen University in 2004. 

Patrick
Swint serves as an independent director since October 2022. Major Patrick J. Swint has served as a Board Member at Roberts 
Ryan, a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Broker Dealer (SDVO) based in New York City, since December 2020. He founded and served as CEO
of Knightsbridge Ventures in August 2017, a Registered Investment Advisor to syndicate capital from US Accredited investors to co-invest
in European private equity and real estate with European family offices. Mr. Swint is the founder and current CEO of Salsa Properties
LLC, a property development and real estate portfolio management company with over 20-year history. Mr. Swint has previously worked for
Drexel Hamilton and Academy Securities, the top New York City SDVO Broker Dealers, in investment banking, specifically capital raising
and M A. He performed an internship in International Treasury with FMC corporation in Philadelphia whilst studying for his FINRA
series 7 and 79 examinations in the Wall Street War Fighters Program in Philadelphia in 2012. He is retired from a successful civilian
career in orthopedic surgery for 12 years. Major Swint is retired from a military career spanning 21 years during which he served as
a medic in the US Army Special Forces, as a Detachment Medic for a counter-drug Special Operations Detachment, and as an Orthopedic Surgery
Consultant in the US Air Force. Major Swint was recognized for his career of military service by a Resolution of the Texas Senate in
2011 and was awarded an Admiral s Commission in the Texas Navy in 2014 (Texas highest civilian award) by the then Governor
of Texas Rick Perry. Mr. Swint received a BA from the University of Texas at Austin in Political Science/Latin American Studies in 1993,
a BS of Physician Assistant Studies from the UT Health Sciences Center San Antonio in 1996, a Medical Degree (MS) from the University
of Nebraska Medical Center (Summa Cum Laude) in 1999 and an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in Private Equity
Finance in 2016. He has passed the FINRA Series 7, 63, 65 and 79 examinations. He is a member of the Urban Land Institute (ULI) and a
Member of the UK Chartered Institute For Securities and Investments (CISI). Mr. Swint was granted the City of London Freedom in 2016.
Mr. Swint is currently a Freeman of the City of London International Bankers Livery Company, a Freeman of the City of London Guild of
Investment Managers, a Freeman of the Society of Apothecaries Livery, and a Founding Freeman of the City of London Guild of Entrepreneurs.
He is an active member in London of the Royal Automobile Club, the Royal Air Force Club, the City Livery Club and the Special Forces
Club. Mr. Swint is a Life Member of the University of Texas Alumni Association and the US Army Special Forces Association. Mr. Swint
recently founded the Excalibur Foundation to support the transition of severely disabled Special Operations Veterans in the United Kingdom
into finance and entrepreneurial roles. 

47 

Huei-Ching

(Tina) Huang serves as an independent director since December 2021. Ms. Huang founded and has served as director of AGC

Capital Securities Pty Ltd since April 2014. AGC Capital is a financial advisory service company based in Sydney and licensed in

Australia. Ms. Huang leads AGC Capital s operation in Australia and Asia Pacific, primarily focusing on initial public offerings,

funds management, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions and direct investments. From February 2021 to Present, Ms. Huang

also serve as a director of Wall St. Trust Limited based in Hong Kong, which is a licensed entity of Securities Futures Commission

of Hong Kong (SFC). Prior to AGC Capital, from February 2012 to May 2013, Ms. Huang worked for KPMG as a director

of Information Risk Management. Ms. Huang received her a LLB degree from School of Law of Soochow University in June 1992.

We believe Ms. Huang is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Board because of her financial experiences in capital markets. 

Our

officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms

of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and

articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers

may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries,

Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Each

of our directors holds office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies

on our Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our

board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 

Director

Independence 

The NASDAQ listing standards
require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with the company). We currently have three independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards
and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of our initial public offering. Our board has determined that each of Messrs. Xiaofeng
Zhou, Swint and Huei-Ching (Tina) Huang are independent directors under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules. Our independent directors will
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees

of the Board of Directors 

Our

Board of Directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each committee will operate under a

charter that has been approved by our board. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, NASDAQ rules and Rule 10A-3

of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and NASDAQ rules require

that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

The members of our audit
committee are Messrs. Xiaofeng Zhou, Patrick Swint and Huei-Ching (Tina) Huang. Ms. Huang serves as chairman of the audit committee.
Each member of the audit committee is financially literated and our Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Huang qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are Messrs. Xiaofeng Zhou, Patrick Swint and Huei-Ching (Tina) Huang. Ms. Zhou serves as chairman of the compensation
committee. 

The members of our Nominating
Committee are Messrs. Xiaofeng Zhou, Patrick Swint and Huei-Ching (Tina) Huang. Ms. Huang serves as chairman of the Nomination
committee. 

48 

Item 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

No

executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

No

compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our founders, members

of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to, or in order to effectuate the consummation of,

our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Directors, officers and founders will receive reimbursement

for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses,

performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices,

plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket

expenses reimbursable by us. 

After

completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid employment, consulting,

management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then

known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time

of a stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination

business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of

its determination in an Exchange Act filing such as Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

49 

Item 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The

following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022

by: 

each

person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of ordinary shares; 

each

of our officers and directors; and 

all

of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless

otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary

shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect beneficial ownership of the warrants and rights included in the units offered

in our initial public offering or purchased by our sponsor in connection with our initial public offering as these warrants are not exercisable

and these rights are not convertible within 60 days of December 31, 2022 or the date of this Form 10-K. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (3) 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares (3) 

A-Star Management Corporation (2) 

3,205,000 

21.88 

Zhe Zhang (2) 

3,205,000 

21.88 

Guojian Chen (4) 

Konstantin A. Sokolov (4) 

Xiaofeng Zhou (4) 

Huei-Ching Huang (4) 

Steven Markscheid (4) 

All directors and officers as a group (6 individuals) 

3,205,000 

21.88 

5 or greater beneficial owners 

Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC (5) 

1,004,081 

8.73 

Weiss Asset Management LP (6) 

860,000 

5.85 

Saba
Capital Management, L.P. (7) 

769,511 

5.2 

Mizuho
Financial Group, Inc. (8) 

1,027,250 

7 

Less

than one percent. 

(1) Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 80 Broad Street,
 5 th Floor, New York, New York 10004. 

(2) Represents

2,875,000 founder ordinary shares and 330,000 private placement ordinary shares held by A-Star Management Corporation, our sponsor. Mr.

Zhe Zhang, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the sole director of our sponsor, have voting and dispositive power of the ordinary

shares. The address for our sponsor is Craigmuir Chambers, PO Box 71, Road Town, Tortola, VG 1110 British Virgin Islands. 

(3) Based

upon 14,705,000 ordinary shares outstanding. Includes the 330,000 private placement units (and the component parts) purchased by our

sponsor simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering. 

50 

(4) Such

individual does not beneficially own any of our ordinary shares. However, such individual has a pecuniary interest in our ordinary shares

through his ownership of shares of our sponsor. 

(5) 
 Based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023. 

(6) Based

on information contained in the Schedule 13G filed on February 7, 2022 by Weiss Asset Management, WAM GP, and Andrew Weiss. Each reporting

person has shared power to vote 860,000 ordinary shares and shared the power to dispose of 860,000 shares. The business address for each

reporting person is 222 Berkeley St., 16 th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 

(7) 
 Based on information contained in the Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023. 

(8) 
 Based on information contained in the Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023. 

Our

founders beneficially own approximately 21.88 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Because of the ownership block held by

our founders, officers and directors, such individuals may be able to effectively exercise influence over all matters requiring approval

by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our

initial business combination. 

Our

sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial

Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially

own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports

of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors,

and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms

filed by such reporting persons. 

Based

solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during

the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our directors, executive officers, and ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing

requirements, 

51 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships, and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Certain

Relationships and Related Transactions 

April

6, 2021, our sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share.

Our sponsor owns approximately 21.88 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022. 

Our

sponsor purchased an aggregate of 330,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement that

was completed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each unit consists of one private placement

share, one private placement warrant and one private placement right. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder

upon exercise to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as

provided herein. Each private placement right will be converted to one seventh (1/7) of one ordinary shares upon the

completion of its initial business combination. The private placement units (including the underlying securities) may

not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our

initial business combination. 

In

connection with the completion of our initial public offering, we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with our sponsor

pursuant to which we will pay a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon

completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event

the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 21 months, our sponsor will be paid a total of 210,000 10,000

per month) for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our

sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in

connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business

combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or

our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling

on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Our sponsor has agreed to
loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. As of the date of closing our initial
public offering, we had borrowed 300,000 under the promissory note with our sponsor. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured
and were originally due and payable in connection with our public offering (December 15, 2021). The loan repaid as 300,000 allotted to
the payment of offering expense. On September 13, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Note in the principal
amount of up to 1,000,000 to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to 1,000,000 to pay the extension
fee and transaction cost. On September 13, 2022, the Company requested to draw the funds of 383,333 and deposited it into the trust account
to extend the period of time the Company has to consummate a business combination by one month to October 15, 2022. The 383,333 extension
fee represents approximately 0.033 per public share. The Notes bear no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) September
15, 2023 or (b) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Note have no conversion feature.,
and no collateral. The issuance of the Note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On December 13, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Second Note in the principal amount of up to 1,300,000 to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to 1,300,000 to pay the extension fee and transaction cost. The Note bears no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) December 31, 2023 or (b) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. Sponsor promissory note balances were 1,533,332 and nil as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 respectively. 

On March 13, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the Third
Note in the principal amount of up to 2,500,000 to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to
 2,500,000 to pay the extension fee and transaction cost. The Note bears no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a)
December 31, 2023 or (b) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

In

addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate

of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete

an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,

we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust

account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit

(which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 150,000 ordinary shares, 150,000 rights and 150,000 warrants to purchase 75,000 shares if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted) at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the placement units issued

to the initial holder. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements

exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as

we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to

funds in our trust account. 

The

holders of the founder shares, private placement units, the shares underlying the warrants underlying the unit purchase option issued

to the underwriters of our initial public offering, and units that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any securities

underlying the private placement units and the working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration

rights agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering requiring us to register such securities for resale. The

holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.

In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent

to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415

under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements 

Director

Independence 

The NASDAQ listing standards
require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with the company). We currently have three independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards
and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of our initial public offering. Our board has determined that each of Messrs. Xiaofeng
Zhou, Patrick Swint and Huei-Ching (Tina) Huang are independent directors under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules. 

52 

Item

14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The

following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to UHY LLP, or UHY, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by UHY in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by UHY for professional services rendered for
the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-K and Form S-1 for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 is 81,375 in total. The above amounts include
interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related

Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance

of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest

services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We

did not pay UHY for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tax

Fees . We did not pay UHY for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All

Other Fees . We did not pay UHY for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval

Policy 

Our

audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve

all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board

of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve

all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject

to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to

the completion of the audit). 

53 

PART IV 

Item

15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 

The

following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 

The Financial statements listed on the Financial Statements Table of Contents 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID: 

F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Statements of Operations 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Alpha Star Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Alpha Star Acquisition Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from
March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no
revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing transaction and the Company s cash and working capital
are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events
and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect
to that matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

Alpha

Star Acquisition Corporation 

Balance

Sheets 

As of 
December 31, 

As of 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current

assets: 

Cash

in escrow 

Prepaid

expenses 

- 

Marketable

securities held in trust account 

Total

current assets 

Total

assets 

Liabilities

and stockholders deficit 

Current

liabilities: 

Accrued

expenses 

Promissory note - related party 

- 
 
 Due to Directors 

- 

Deferred

underwriting commissions 

Total

current liabilities 

Total

liabilities 

Commitments

and contingencies 

Ordinary

shares subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Ordinary

shares, par value , authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021, excluding 

shares subject to possible redemption 

Additional

paid-in capital 

- 

Accumulated

deficit 

Total

 stockholders deficit 

Total

liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The

accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

Alpha

Star Acquisition Corporation 

Statements

of Operations 

For the 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022 

For

the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) to 

December 31,

2021 

Formation

and operational costs 

Loss

from operation costs 

Other income 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 

Other income 

- 
 
 Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in trust account 

- 

Total

other income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income

tax expense 

- 

- 

Net income (loss) 

Basic

and diluted weighted average shares outstanding - ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Basic

and diluted net income per share 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding - non redeemable ordinary shares (1) 

Basic

and diluted net loss per share 

() 

(1) 

F- 4 

Alpha

Star Acquisition Corporation 

Statements

of Stockholders Deficit 

For

the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period ended from March 11, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Ordinary Shares 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2022 

- 

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (interest earned and unrealize gain on trust account) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (additional funding for business combination extension) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Ordinary shares 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

deficit 

Deficit 

Balance

at March 11, 2021 (inception) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance

of founder shares to sponsor 

- 

Sales of ordinary shares and over-allotment 

- 

Underwriters compensation 

 - 

 - 

- 

Offering

costs 

- 

- 

- 

Sale

of shares to sponsor in private placement 

- 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

- 

Allocation

of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

- 

- 

- 

Accretion

for redeemable shares to redemption value 

Net

loss 

- 

- 

- 

Balance

at December 31, 2021 

- 

The

accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

Alpha

Star Acquisition Corporation 

Statements

of Cash Flows 

For the 
year ended 
December 31, 
2022 

For the 

period from 

March 11, 2021 

(inception) to 

December 31, 

2021 

Cash

flows from operating activities: 

Net

income (loss) 

Adjustments

to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest

earned in trust account 
 
 () 

Unrealized gain in trust account 
 
 () 
 - 

Amortization of prepaid expense 

Net

changes in operating assets liabilities: 

Prepaid

expenses 
 
 - 

Accrued

expenses 

Due to Director 

- 

Net

cash used in operating activities 
 
 () 

Cash

flows from investing activities: 

Investment

of cash in trust account 
 
 () 

Net

cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 

Cash

flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds

from issuance of founder shares to sponsor 
 
 - 

Proceeds from sponsor loan 

Payment of sponsor loan 
 
 - 

Proceeds

from sale of private placement unit 
 
 - 

Proceeds

from sale of units 
 
 - 

Payment

of offering costs 
 
 - 

Net

cash provided by financing activities 

Net

increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 () 

Cash

and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash

and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing Activities: 

Defer underwiring compensation 
 
 - 

Ordinary
 stock subject to possible redemption 
 
 - 

Reclassification

 of offering costs related to public shares 
 
 - 

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption against additional paid-in-capital APIC and accumulated deficit 

The

accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

ALPHA

STAR ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES

TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units

which includes an additional units

as a result of the underwriters fully exercise of the over-allotment, at per

Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,

which is described in Note 3. 

Concurrently

with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement 

at a price of per Private Unit in a private placement to A-Star Management Corporation, generating

gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

On September 13, 2022, the Company announced that it has entered into
a non-binding letter of intent LOI for a business combination with Cyclebit Group (the Cyclebit ). Founded
in 2012, Cyclebit is a global payments and SaaS provider. Its core products include card acquiring, point-of-sale (POS) services and marketplace
solutions. Under the terms of the LOI, the Company and Cyclebit would become a combined entity, with the Cyclebit s existing equity
holders rolling 100 of their equity into the combined public company. No assurance can
be made that the parties will successfully negotiate and enter into a definitive agreement, or that the proposed transaction will be consummated
on the terms or time frame currently contemplated, or at all. Any transaction would be subject to board and equity holder approval of both
companies, regulatory approvals and other customary conditions. 

The

Trust Account 

As

of December 15, 2021, a total of of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement transaction completed with the

Sponsor was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders with Wilmington Trust,

National Association acting as trustee. The amount exceeding 115,000,000, had been transfer to the Company s

escrow cash account as its working capital. At December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital deficit as , which excluded amount of for marketable security held in trust account in current asset, and amount of for deferred underwriting commission in current liability.

The

funds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of

180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company

Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States government treasuries. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in

the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations, the proceeds will not be released from

the Trust Account until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. 

Liquidity

and Going Concern 

As

of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash in its escrow account, and working capital deficit as , which excludes amount of 118,228,816 for marketable security held in trust account in current asset, and amount of for deferred underwriting commission in current liability. 

The

Company s liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a payment of from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses

on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement

not held in the Trust Account to provide working capital needed to identify and seek to consummate a Business Combination. 

In

order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain

of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company related party loans. As of December

31, 2022, the Company had no borrowings under the related party loans. 

If

the Company s estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination

are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to

our initial Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination

or because the Company has become obligated to redeem a significant number of its Public Shares upon completion of its Business Combination,

in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. In addition, we

have until September 15, 2023 (the Liquidation Date to consummate a business combination. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination by the Liquidation Date, then the Company may cease all operations except for the purpose
of liquidating. The uncertainty surrounding the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management expects to close the Business Combination prior to the Liquidation
Date. If the Company is unable to close the Business Combination or raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures
to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily include or be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to it on commercially acceptable terms or if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern through the Liquidation Date if a Business Combination is not consummated. These financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. On September 13, 2022, December 31, 2022 and March 13, 2023, the
Company issued the first promissory note (the First Note ), second promissory note (the Second Note and third promissory note Third Note in the principal amount of up to , and to the Sponsor,
pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to , and to pay the extension fee and
transaction cost, respectively. For further information regarding the notes reference to Note 5. 

Management

believes that, on December 31, 2022, the company has insufficient working capital to cover its short term operating needs. The Company

has no revenue before the Business Combination. Its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing transaction and the Company s

cash and working capital as December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming year. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date the financial statement is issued. 

and 
 in cash and did not have any cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on this account. 

and 
cash in marketable securities held in the trust account and have no claim to withdraw or distribute any funds from the trust account as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Interest income earned on these investments is
fully reinvested into the Investments held in Trust Account and therefore considered as an adjustment to reconcile net profit/(loss)
to net cash used in operating activities in the Statements of Cash Flows. Such interest income reinvested will be used to redeem all
or a portion of the ordinary shares upon the completion of business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 
interest income (including unrealized interest income) was earned and was reinvested. 

consisting of 

of underwriting fees, 

of deferred underwriting fees, and 

of other offering costs. The Company complies with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin

Topic 5A Expenses of Offering . The Company allocates offering costs between public shares, public

rights and public warrants based on the estimated fair values of public shares, public warrants, and public rights at

the date of issuance. 

shares of ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature

which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote

or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Certificate

of Incorporation. Accordingly, all of the shares of ordinary shares are presented as temporary equity. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases

or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and

accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

shares of ordinary shares in the aggregate, and the rights are exercisable to convert shares of ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company other than above. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary shares is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary shares for the periods presented. 

The net income (loss) per
share presented in the statement of operations is based on the following: 

Remeasurement to redemption value interest income earned 

() 

Remeasurement to redemption value extension fee 

() 
 - 

Net income (loss) including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

() 

() 

Accretion of extension fee 

- 

- 

- 

Accretion of temporary equity - interest income earned 
 
 - 

1,694,739 

- 
 19,855,970 

Allocation

of net income (loss) 

() 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average

shares outstanding 

Basic

and diluted net income (loss) per share 

() 

units (including the issuance of units as a result of the underwriters 

fully exercise of the over-allotment) at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each

Unit consists of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant (each a Warrant , and, collectively, the Warrants ),

and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of a Business Combination. Each two redeemable

warrants entitle the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share, and each seven rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one ordinary

share at the closing of a Business Combination. No fractional shares issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole Warrants will

trade. 

units at a price of per Private

Unit for an aggregate purchase price of in a private placement. The Private Units are identical to the public Units except

with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds

from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,

the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements

of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

ordinary shares for an aggregate price of . 

The
 
 founder shares (for purposes hereof referred
to as the Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 
 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. On December 15, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, so there are no Founder Shares subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that

it, he or she shall not (a) Transfer 50 of their Founder Shares until the earlier of (A) six months after the consummation

of the Company s initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals

or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,

recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Company s initial

Business Combination or (b) Transfer the remaining 50 of their Founder Shares until six months after the date of the consummation

of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier in either case, if subsequent to the Company s initial Business

Combination the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results

in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property

(the Founder Shares Lock-up Period ). 

Administrative

Services Agreement 

The

Company entered into an administrative services agreement, commencing on December 13, 2021, through the earlier of the Company s

consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation, to pay to the Sponsor a total of per month for office space,

secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31,

2021, the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively. 

Sponsor

Promissory Note Related Party 

On
March 26, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to
an aggregate principal amount of 
(the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of
(i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the IPO. The loan repaid as 
allotted to the payment of offering expense as of the IPO date. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay
such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to The units would be identical to the placement units issued to the initial holder. The terms of such loans by
our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect
to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. The convertible loans from
Sponsor balances were nil as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On September 13, 2022, December 31, 2022,
the Company issued the first promissory note (the First Note and second promissory note (the Second
Note in the principal amount of up to and
 
to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to and
 
to pay the extension fee and transaction cost, respectively. Start from September 13, 2022, the Company requested to draw the funds
of and
deposited it into the trust account monthly to extend the period of time the Company has to consummate a business combination. The
 extension
fee represents approximately per
public share. The First Notes bears no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) September 15, 2023 or (b) the
date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Second Note bears no interest and are repayable in
full upon the earlier of (a) December 31, 2023 or (b) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business
combination. The Notes have no conversion feature, and no collateral. The issuance of the Notes were made pursuant to the
exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Sponsor waives any and
all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any distribution of or from the trust account, and agrees not to seek
resources, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

On March 13, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the Third
Note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company
up to 2,500,000 to pay the extension fee and transaction cost. The Note bears no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier
of (a) December 31, 2023 or (b) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

Sponsor promissory note
balances were and
nil 
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Units (over and above the 10,000,000 units referred to

above) solely to cover over-allotments at per Unit. On December 15, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option

in full to purchase 1,500,000 Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit. 

On

December 15, 2021, the Company paid a cash underwriting commission of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . 

The

underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , which will be

paid from the funds held in the Trust Account upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms

of the underwriting agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has the deferred underwriting commissions as current

liabilities. 

Registration

Rights 

The

holders of the Founder Shares will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior

to or on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding

short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration

rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the

Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses

incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 

shares subject to possible redemption. The Sponsor has agreed to forfeit ordinary shares to the extent that the over-allotment

option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. On December 15, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option,

as such there are no ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. 

Public Warrants 

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company
sold Units at a price of per Unit for a total of . The total amounts of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is 11,500,000. Each Unit consists of
one ordinary share, one right to acquire one-seventh (1/7) of an ordinary share, and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half
ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share commencing 30 days after the completion of its initial business combination and expiring
five years from after the completion of an initial business combination. No fractional warrant will be issued and only whole warrants
will trade. The Company may redeem the warrants at a price of 0.01 per warrant upon days notice, only in the event that the last
sale price of the ordinary shares is at least 18.00 per share for any trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third
day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided there is an effective registration statement and current prospectus
in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants during the 30 day redemption period. If a registration statement
is not effective within days following the consummation of a business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is
an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 

In addition, if (a) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective
issue price of less than per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of
directors), (b) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (c) the volume weighted average trading price of the ordinary shares
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination
(such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to of the Market Value, and the last sales price of the ordinary shares that triggers the Company s right to redeem
the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Value. 

Private warrants 

The private warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those
of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. 

Rights 

Except

in cases where the Company is not the surviving Company in a business combination, the holders of the rights will automatically

receive 1/7 of a share of ordinary shares upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. In

the event the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of the initial business combination, each holder of a

right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the 1/7 of a share underlying each

right upon consummation of the business combination. As of December 31, 2022, no rights had been issued. 

- 

- 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Quoted

Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) 

Significant

Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant

Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Marketable

Securities held in Trust Account 

- 

- 

and 
from the Second Note, and the Company had drawn the maximum of the Second Notes principle. 

On March 13, 2023, the Company issued a
promissory note (the Third Note in the principal amount of up to to
the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor shall loan to the Company up to 2,500,000 to pay the extension fee and transaction cost.
The Note bears no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) December 31, 2023 or (b) the date of the
consummation of the Company s initial business combination. On March 13, 2023, the Company drew down 
from the Third Note. 

On
February 11, 2023 and February 16, 2023, the Sponsor paid a total of Nasdaq annual fees on behalf of the Company. The
payment by the Sponsor was not considered as drawdown of the Third Notes. 

F- 15 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory note dated September 13, 2022. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory note dated December 13, 2022. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Promissory note dated March 13, 2023. 
 
 21 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS

XBRL
 Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH

XBRL
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL

XBRL
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF

XBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB

XBRL
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE

XBRL
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Filed

herewith. 

Furnished

herewith. 

ITEM

16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

54 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized as of March 30, 2023. 

ALPHA STAR ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/

Zhe Zhang 

Zhe

Zhang 

Chief

Executive Officer 

(Principal

Executive Officer) 

Pursuant

to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the

registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Zhe Zhang 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 

Zhe Zhang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Guojian Chen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Guojian Chen 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Swint 
 
 Director 

Patrick Swint 

March 30, 2023 

/s/ Xiaofeng Zhou 
 
 Director 

Xiaofeng Zhou 

March 30, 2023 

/s/ Huei-Ching Huang 
 
 Director 

Huei-Ching Huang 

March 30, 2023 

55 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 alphastaracq_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

EXHIBIT 4.2 

Description

of Securities 

ALPHA

STAR ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

The

following summary of the securities of Alpha Star Acquisition Corporation is qualified and based on the company s Amended and Restated

Memorandum and Articles of Association and the Warrant Agreement dated as of December 3, 2021 with Vstock Transfer LLC, both of which

have been filed as exhibits to the is Form 10-K or have been incorporated by reference. 

Pursuant

to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which was adopted upon the consummation of this offering, we are authorized

to issue 50,000,000 ordinary shares, 0.001 par value each. 

The

registration statement for our initial public offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13,

2021. We completed our initial public offering on December 15, 2021. In our initial public offering, we sold units at an offering price

of 10.00 and consisting of one ordinary share, one right to receive one seventh (1/7) of ordinary share upon the consumption of the

initial business combination, and one redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one ordinary

share. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with the exercise of the warrants. As a result, a warrant holder must exercise

warrants in multiples of two warrants, at a price of 11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described in our prospectus dated

as of December 14, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2021. Each warrant will become exercisable

on the later of the completion of an initial business combination and 9 months from December 15, 2021 and will expire five years after

the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. 

Market

Information 

Our

units, ordinary shares and warrants are listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Market, or NASDAQ, under the symbol ALSAU, 

 ALSA, ALSAR and ALSAW , respectively. 

Units 

We

have issued and outstanding an aggregate of 11,500,000 units. The trading symbol for the units is ALSAU. Units at an offering price of

 10.00 and consisting of one ordinary share and one redeemable warrant to purchase one-half of one ordinary share. The holders of units

have no voting rights. 

Ordinary

Shares 

As

of March 18, 2022, there are 14,675,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to

one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by

law. Unless specified in the Companies Law, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange

rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our

shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and

restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association

and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of

directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founder shares voted for the election of directors can elect all

of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of

funds legally available therefor. 

We

will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our

initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account

as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net

of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The

amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional

 0.40 per public share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination. 

Pursuant

to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within

9 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of

time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will (i) cease all operations except

for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to

lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then

on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 50,000 of interest

to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish

public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject

to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining

shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to

provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

2 

Warrants 

Each

warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment

as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 9 months from the date of this prospectus or the completion of our initial

business combination. Because the warrants may only be exercised for whole numbers of shares, only an even number of warrants may be

exercised at any given time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of

shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be exercised at any given time by a warrantholder. The warrants will expire

five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or

liquidation. 

We

will not be obligated to deliver any ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such

warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the ordinary shares underlying the warrants

is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect

to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to

holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the

securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately

preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant

and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. 

Once the warrants become
exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in

 whole and not in part; 

at

 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon

 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder;

 and 

if,

 and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equal or exceed 18 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share

 capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within

 a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If

we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise

his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants

on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that

are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise

of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering

their warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary

shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price

of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price

of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is

sent to the holders of warrants. 

3 

Rights 

Each

holder of a right will receive one-seventh (1/7) of one ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if

the holder of such right redeemed all ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an

amendment to our memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination activities. No additional consideration

will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of

an initial business combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by public

investors. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). 

If

we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement

will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary share will receive in

the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his,

her or its rights in order to receive the 1/7 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation

of the business combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the

rights into underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. 

If

we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust

account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from

our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As

soon as practicable upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return

their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such right(s) the

number of full ordinary shares to which he, she or it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights

to the rights agent promptly upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process

of exchanging their rights for ordinary shares should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely

ministerial in nature and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the

rights upon consummation of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder

are valid, we will have no ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties

for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in

no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Although

a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands may issue fractional shares, it is not our intention to issue any fractional shares upon

conversions of the rights. In the event that any holder would otherwise be entitled to any fractional share upon exchange of his, her

or its rights, we will reserve the option, to the fullest extent permitted by the Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Act and

other applicable law, to deal with any such fractional entitlement at the relevant time as we see fit, which would include the rounding

down of any entitlement to receive ordinary shares to the nearest whole share (and in effect extinguishing any fractional entitlement),

or the holder being entitled to hold any remaining fractional entitlement (without any share being issued) and to aggregate the same

with any future fractional entitlement to receive shares in the Company until the holder is entitled to receive a whole number. Any rounding

down and extinguishment may be done with or without any in lieu cash payment or other compensation being made to the holder of the relevant

rights, such that value received on exchange of the rights may be considered less than the value that the holder would otherwise expect

to receive. All holders of rights shall be treated in the same manner with respect to the issuance of shares upon conversions of the

rights. 

4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 alphastaracq_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

EXHIBIT
10.1 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ).
THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE
THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to 1,000,000 
 Dated as of September 13, 2022 

New
York, New York 

Alpha
Star Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands business company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of M-Star
Management Corp. or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of
up to One Million Dollars 1,000,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below.
All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker
to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this note. 

1. Principal. The
principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Maker on the earlier of: (i) September 15, 2023 or (ii) the date on which Maker
consummates the business combination. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual,
including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations
or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Interest. No
interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to One Million Dollars 1,000,000) for costs reasonably related to
Maker s transaction cost and extension fee. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the earlier
of: (i) September 15, 2023 or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates the business combination, upon written request from Maker to Payee
(each, a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount
less than Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000) unless agreed upon by Maker and Payee. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than
five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under
this Note is One Million Dollars 1,000,000). Once an amount is drawn down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown
Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown
Request by Maker. It is acknowledged that the Company may have received amounts in respect of drawdowns under this Note prior to the
date hereof, and it is agreed that all such sums were received as drawdowns of principal hereunder in anticipation of the execution of
this Note. 

4. Application
of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under
this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally
to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate
action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in
an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive
days. 

6. Remedies. 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be
due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums
payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the
part of Payee. 

7. Waivers. Maker
and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real
or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or
providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate
that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any
such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement
of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party,
and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to
by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect
to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties
hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices. All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered: (i) personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may
be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written
confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or
five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Construction. THIS
NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF. 

11.
Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction. 

2 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or
claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account to be established in which the
proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO to be conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters
discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the warrants to be issued in a private placement to occur prior to the closing
of the IPO are to be deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration statement and prospectus to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for
any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

13 . Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of
the Maker and the Payee. 

14 . Assignment .
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void. 

[Signature
page follows] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed as deed by the undersigned
on the day and year first above written. 

ALPHA STAR
 ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Zhe Zhang 

Name: 
 Zhe Zhang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 alphastaracq_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

EXHIBIT
10.2 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ).
THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE
THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to 1,300,000 
 Dated as of December 13, 2022 

New
York, New York 

Alpha
Star Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands business company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of A-Star
Management Corp. or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of
up to One Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars 1,300,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions
described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined
by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this
note. 

1.
Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Maker on the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2023 or
(ii) the date on which Maker consummates the business combination. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no
circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be
obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2.
Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3.
Drawdown Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to One Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars 1,300,000) for costs reasonably related to Maker s transaction cost and extension fee. The principal of this Note may be
drawn down from time to time prior to the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2023 or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates the business
combination, upon written request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must
state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000) unless agreed upon by Maker
and Payee. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request;
provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note is One Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars 1,300,000). Once an amount is drawn down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid.
No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. It is
acknowledged that the Company may have received amounts in respect of drawdowns under this Note prior to the date hereof, and it is
agreed that all such sums were received as drawdowns of principal hereunder in anticipation of the execution of this
Note. 

4. Application
of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under
this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally
to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate
action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in
an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive
days. 

6. Remedies. 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be
due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums
payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the
part of Payee. 

7. Waivers. Maker
and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real
or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or
providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate
that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any
such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement
of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party,
and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to
by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect
to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties
hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices. All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered: (i) personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may
be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written
confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or
five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Construction. THIS
NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF. 

11.
Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction. 

2 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or
claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account to be established in which the
proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO to be conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters
discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the warrants to be issued in a private placement to occur prior to the closing
of the IPO are to be deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration statement and prospectus to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for
any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

13 . Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of
the Maker and the Payee. 

14 . Assignment .
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void. 

[Signature
page follows] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed as deed by the undersigned
on the day and year first above written. 

ALPHA STAR
 ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Zhe Zhang 

Name: 
 Zhe Zhang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

4 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 5
 alphastaracq_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

EXHIBIT
10.3 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ).
THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE
THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to 2,500,000 
 Dated
 as of March 13, 2023 

New
 York, New York 

Alpha
Star Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands business company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of A-Star
Management Corp. or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of
up to Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 2,500,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions
described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined
by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this
note. 

1.
Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Maker on the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2023 or (ii)
the date on which Maker consummates the business combination. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances
shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally
for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2.
Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3.
Drawdown Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 2,500,000)
for costs reasonably related to Maker s transaction cost and extension fee. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time
to time prior to the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2023 or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates the business combination, upon written
request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn
down, and must not be an amount less than Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000) unless agreed upon by Maker and Payee. Payee shall fund each
Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount
of drawdowns collectively under this Note is Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 2,500,000). Once an amount is drawn down under
this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to
Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. It is acknowledged that the Company may have received amounts
in respect of drawdowns under this Note prior to the date hereof, and it is agreed that all such sums were received as drawdowns of principal
hereunder in anticipation of the execution of this Note. 

4.
Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any
sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges
and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5.
Events of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate
action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in
an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive
days. 

6. Remedies. 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be
due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums
payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the
part of Payee. 

7. Waivers. Maker
and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real
or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or
providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate
that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any
such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement
of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party,
and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to
by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect
to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties
hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices. All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered: (i) personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may
be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written
confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or
five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Construction. THIS
NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF. 

11.
Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction. 

2 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or
claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account to be established in which the proceeds
of the initial public offering (the IPO to be conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters discounts
and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the warrants to be issued in a private placement to occur prior to the closing of the
IPO are to be deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration statement and prospectus to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any
Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

13 . Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of
the Maker and the Payee. 

14 . Assignment .
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void. 

[Signature
page follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending to
be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed as deed by the undersigned on the day and year first above written. 

ALPHA STAR
 ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Zhe Zhang 

Name: 
 Zhe Zhang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

4 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-21>
 6
 alphastaracq_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21 

LIST

OF SUBSIDIAIRIES OF ALPHA STAR ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

None 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 alphastaracq_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

E XHIBIT

31.1 

CERTIFICATION

OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT

TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS

ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,

Zhe Zhang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Alpha Star Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/

 Zhe Zhang 

Zhe

 Zhang 

Chief

 Executive Officer 

(Principal

 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 alphastaracq_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT

31.2 

CERTIFICATION

OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT

TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS

ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,

Guojian Chen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Alpha Star Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/

 Guojian Chen 

Guojian

 Chen 

Chief

 Financial Officer 

(Principal

 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 alphastaracq_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT

32.1 

CERTIFICATION

PURSUANT TO 

18

U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS

ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In

connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Star Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended

December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, certify,

pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;

and 

2.

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations

of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated:
March 30, 2023 

/s/

 Zhe Zhang 

Ming

 Zhang 

Chief

 Executive Officer 

(Principal

 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 alphastaracq_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Star Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the
undersigned, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Guojian Chen 

Guojian Chen 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 alsa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 alsa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 alsa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 alsa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

