<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_39311_0000039311-23-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37453640</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>318731</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4066260</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16720407</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7808983</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7756273</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000039311-23-000035.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303140838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000039311-23-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		171
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INDEPENDENT BANK CORP /MI/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000039311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				382032782
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07818
		FILM NUMBER:		23703067

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4200 E BELTLINE AVE
		CITY:			GRAND RAPIDS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49525
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8003550641

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4200 E BELTLINE AVE
		CITY:			GRAND RAPIDS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49525

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000039311-23-000035.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 ibcp-20221231_d2.htm
 10-K

ibcp-20221231_d2 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from _____________to_____________ 
 Commission file number 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of class) (Trading Symbol(s) (Name of Exchange) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b of the Act). 
 Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock as of March 2, 2023 was . 
 
 The Exhibit Index appears on Pages 23-24 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact, including statements that include terms such as will, may, should, believe, expect, forecast, anticipate, estimate, project, intend, likely, optimistic and plan and statements about future or projected financial and operating results, plans, projections, objectives, expectations, and intentions, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, descriptions of plans and objectives for future operations, products or services; projections of our future revenue, earnings or other measures of economic performance; forecasts of credit losses and other asset quality trends; statements about our business and growth strategies; and expectations about economic and market conditions and trends. These forward-looking statements express our current expectations, forecasts of future events, or long-term goals. They are based on assumptions, estimates, and forecasts that, although believed to be reasonable, may turn out to be incorrect. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including: 
 economic, market, operational, liquidity, credit, and interest rate risks associated with our business; 
 economic conditions generally and in the financial services industry, particularly economic conditions within Michigan and the regional and local real estate markets in which our bank operates; 
 the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of, and provisions made to, our allowance for credit losses; 
 increased competition in the financial services industry, either nationally or regionally; 
 our ability to achieve loan and deposit growth; 
 volatility and direction of market interest rates; 
 the continued services of our management team; and 
 implementation of new legislation, which may have significant effects on us and the financial services industry. 
 This list provides examples of factors that could affect the results described by forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but the list is not intended to be all-inclusive. The risk factors disclosed in Part I Item 1A below include those risks our management believes could materially affect the results described by forward-looking statements in this report. However, those risks are not the only risks we face. Our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects could also be materially and adversely affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us, that we currently consider to be immaterial, or that develop after the date of this report. We cannot assure you that our future results will meet our current expectations. While we believe the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date made. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any obligation to update or alter any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Independent Bank Corporation was incorporated under the laws of the State of Michigan on September 17, 1973, for the purpose of becoming a bank holding company. We are registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and own all of the outstanding stock of Independent Bank (the "bank"), which is also organized under the laws of the State of Michigan. The bank was founded as First National Bank in Ionia in 1864. Over the years, we have grown both organically and as the result of acquisitions of community banks, bank branches, and other organizations within the financial services industry. Our most recent acquisition was our acquisition of Traverse City State Bank in April 2018. 
 Aside from the stock of our bank, we have no other substantial assets. We conduct no business except for the collection of dividends or returns of capital from our bank and the payment of dividends to our shareholders and the payment of interest on subordinated debt and debentures. We have established certain employee retirement plans, including an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) and deferred compensation plans, as well as health and other insurance programs, the cost of which is borne by our subsidiaries. We have no material patents, trademarks, licenses or franchises except the corporate charter of our bank, which permits it to engage in commercial banking pursuant to Michigan law. 
 Our bank transac ts business in the single industry of commercial banking. It offers a broad range of banking services to individuals and businesses, including checking and savings accounts, commercial lending, direct and indirect consumer financing, mortgage lending, and safe deposit box services. Our bank does not offer trust services. Our principal markets are the rural and suburban communities across Lower Michigan, which are served by the bank's main office in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and a total of 56 branches, two drive-thru facilities, and five Michigan based loan production offices. We also have one loan production office in Ohio (Fairlawn). Most of our bank's branches provide full-service lobby and drive-thru services, as well as automatic teller machines (ATMs). In addition, we provide internet and mobile banking capabilities to our customers. We continu e to see customer transaction volume declining at our bank offices and increasing through our electronic channels. 
 Our bank competes with other commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, fintech companies, securities brokerage companies, insurance companies, and money market mutual funds. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources than we do and offer certain services that we do not currently provide. Such competitors may also have greater lending limits than our bank. In addition, non-bank competitors are generally not subject to the extensive regulations applicable to us. Price (the interest charged on loans and paid on deposits) remains a principal means of competition within the financial services industry. Our bank also competes on the basis of service and convenience in providing financial services. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our bank had total loans (excluding loans held for sale) of 3.465 billion and total deposits of 4.379 billion. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 803 full-time employees and 113 p art-time employees. We compete for talent and human resources with other financial services organizations within our geographic market, which is largely the lower peninsula of Michigan. The market for residential mortgage loan officers and support staff is particularly competitive given the competitive nature of those products. We strive to be an employer of choice by offering competitive compensation and benefits as well as fostering strong employee relations through our culture, training and growth opportunities, and similar measures. As a community-oriented bank, we believe it is especially important for our employees to engage with the communities in our market areas, and we encourage and provide opportunities for our employees to volunteer with local organizations in the markets served by our bank branches. 
 In addition to general banking services, we also offer title insurance services and investment services through a third party agreement with Cetera Investment Services LLC. 
 3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS (continued) 

 On a consolidated basis, our principal sources of revenue are interest and fees on loans, other interest income, and non-interest income. The sources of revenue for the three most recent years are as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Interest and fees on loans 60.2 54.3 55.8 Other interest income 13.0 10.0 7.6 Non-interest income 26.8 35.7 36.6 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The following is a summary of certain statutes and regulations affecting us. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutes and regulations. A change in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on us and our bank. 
 General 
 Financial institutions and their holding companies are extensively regulated under federal and state law. Consequently, our growth and earnings performance can be affected not only by management decisions and general and local economic conditions, but also by the statutes administered by, and the regulations and policies of, various governmental regulatory authorities. Those authorities include, but are not limited to, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services Michigan DIFS ), the Internal Revenue Service, and state taxing authorities. The effect of such statutes, regulations and policies and any changes thereto can be significant and cannot necessarily be predicted. 
 Federal and state laws and regulations generally applicable to financial institutions and their holding companies regulate, among other things, the scope of business, investments, reserves against deposits, capital levels, lending activities and practices, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, mergers, consolidations and dividends. The system of supervision and regulation applicable to us establishes a comprehensive framework for our operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC's deposit insurance fund, our depositors, and the public, rather than our shareholders. 
 Independent Bank Corporation 
 We are a bank holding company and, as such, are registered with, and subject to regulation by, the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act, as amended (the "BHCA"). Under the BHCA, we are subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve and are required to file periodic reports of operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require. 
 Federal law requires bank holding companies to act as a source of strength to their bank subsidiaries and to commit capital and financial resources to support those subsidiaries. Such support may be required by the Federal Reserve at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it. 
 In addition, if the Michigan DIFS deems a bank's capital to be impaired, it may require a bank to restore its capital by special assessment upon the bank holding company, as the bank's sole shareholder. If the bank holding company failed to pay such assessment, the directors of that bank would be required, under Michigan law, to sell the shares of bank stock owned by the bank holding company to the highest bidder at either public or private auction and use the proceeds of the sale to restore the bank's capital. 
 Any capital loans by a bank holding company to a subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company's bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 Investments and Activities . Federal law places restrictions on the ability of our holding company to engage in certain transactions, make investments, and participate (directly or indirectly through a subsidiary) in various activities. 
 4 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS (continued) 

 In general, any direct or indirect acquisition by a bank holding company of any voting shares of any bank which would result in the bank holding company's direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting shares of such bank, and any merger or consolidation of the bank holding company with another bank holding company, will require the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve under the BHCA. In acting on such applications, the Federal Reserve must consider various statutory factors including the effect of the proposed transaction on competition in relevant geographic and product markets and each party's financial condition, managerial resources, and record of performance under the Community Reinvestment Act. 
 The merger or consolidation of an existing bank subsidiary of a bank holding company with another bank, or the acquisition by such a subsidiary of the assets of another bank, or the assumption of the deposit and other liabilities by such a subsidiary requires the prior written approval of the responsible federal regulatory agency under the Bank Merger Act, based upon a consideration of statutory factors similar to those outlined above with respect to the BHCA. In addition, in certain cases, an application to, and the prior approval of, the Federal Reserve under the BHCA and/or Michigan DIFS under Michigan banking laws, may be required. 
 With certain limited exceptions, the BHCA prohibits any bank holding company from engaging, either directly or indirectly through a subsidiary, in any activity other than managing or controlling banks unless the proposed non-banking activity is one the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. Under current Federal Reserve regulations, such permissible non-banking activities include such things as mortgage banking, equipment leasing, securities brokerage, and consumer and commercial finance company operations. Well-capitalized and well-managed bank holding companies may, however, engage de novo in certain types of non-banking activities without prior notice to, or approval of, the Federal Reserve, provided that written notice of the new activity is given to the Federal Reserve within 10 business days after the activity is commenced. If a bank holding company wishes to engage in a non-banking activity by acquiring a going concern, prior notice and/or prior approval will be required, depending upon the activities in which the company to be acquired is engaged, the size of the company to be acquired and the financial and managerial condition of the acquiring bank holding company. 
 Eligible bank holding companies that elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of non-banking activities, including securities and insurance activities and any other activity the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the U.S. Department of Treasury, (the Treasury determines by regulation or order is financial in nature, incidental to any such financial activity or complementary to any such financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of non-bank subsidiaries of bank or financial holding companies. We have not applied for approval to operate as a financial holding company and have no current intention of doing so. 
 Capital Requirements . The Federal Reserve uses capital adequacy guidelines in its examination and regulation of bank holding companies. If capital falls below minimum guidelines, a bank holding company may, among other things, be denied approval to acquire or establish additional banks or non-bank businesses. 
 Under current federal regulations, our holding company is required to maintain the following minimum capital ratios: (1) a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 , (2) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6 , (3) a minimum ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 , and (4) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 . A 2.5 common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer is also required. At December 31, 2022, our holding company's capital ratios exceeded minimum requirements for the well-capitalized category. 
 It is important to note that these regulatory capital rules provide minimum requirements, and higher capital levels may be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. In addition, the federal bank regulatory agencies are required biennially to review risk-based capital standards to ensure that they adequately address interest rate risk, concentration of credit risk and risks from non-traditional activities. 
 Our Tier 1 capital as of December 31, 2022, includes 38.4 million of trust preferred securities (classified on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as "Subordinated debentures"). The Federal Reserve has issued rules regarding trust preferred securities as a component of the Tier 1 capital of bank holding companies. The aggregate amount of trust preferred securities and certain other capital elements is limited to 25 percent of Tier 1 capital elements, net of goodwill (net of any associated deferred tax liability). The amount of trust preferred securities and certain other elements in excess of the limit could be included in the Tier 2 capital, subject to restrictions. The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act adopted in 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act") imposed additional limitations on the 
 5 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS (continued) 

 ability to include trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital; however, these additional limitations do not apply to our outstanding trust preferred securities. 
 Our Tier 2 capital as of December 31, 2022 includes 40.0 million of subordinated notes that were issued during 2020 and mature May, 2030. Generally, for subordinated debt with a minimum maturity of five years, there is no limit on the amount of subordinated debt that can be included in Tier 2 capital. 
 Dividends . Historically, most of our revenues have been received in the form of dividends paid by our bank. We can also make requests for returns of capital from our bank; however, such requests require the approval of the Michigan DIFS. Thus, our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders is indirectly limited by restrictions on the ability of our bank to pay dividends or return capital to us, as described below. Further, in a policy statement, the Federal Reserve has expressed its view that a bank holding company experiencing earnings weaknesses should not pay cash dividends exceeding its net income or that can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company's financial health, such as by borrowing. The Federal Reserve possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies. The "prompt corrective action" provisions of federal law and regulation authorize the Federal Reserve to restrict the amount of dividends that can be paid by an insured bank that fails to meet specified capital levels. 
 In addition to the restrictions on dividends imposed by the Federal Reserve, the Michigan Business Corporation Act provides that dividends may be legally declared or paid only if, after the distribution, the corporation can pay its debts as they come due in the usual course of business and its total assets equal or exceed the sum of its liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of any holders of preferred stock whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 
 Change in Control Limitations . Subject to certain exceptions, the Change in the Bank Control Act ("Control Act") and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve, require any person acting directly or indirectly, or through or in concert with one or more persons, to give the Federal Reserve 60 days' written notice before acquiring control of a bank holding company. Pursuant to the Control Act, the Federal Reserve has the authority to prevent any such acquisition. Transactions that are presumed to constitute the acquisition of control include the acquisition of any voting securities of a bank holding company having securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, if, after the transaction, the acquiring person (or persons acting in concert) owns, controls or holds with power to vote 10 or more of any class of voting securities of the institution. 
 Federal Securities Regulation . Our common stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). We are therefore subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") under the Exchange Act. 
 Independent Bank 
 Independent Bank is a Michigan banking corporation and a member of the Federal Reserve System, and its deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF"). As a member of the Federal Reserve System and a Michigan-chartered bank, our bank is subject to the examination, supervision, reporting and enforcement requirements of the Federal Reserve as its primary federal regulator and the Michigan DIFS as the chartering authority for Michigan banks. These agencies and the federal and state laws applicable to our bank and its operations extensively regulate various aspects of the banking business including, among other things, permissible types and amounts of loans, investments and other activities, capital adequacy, branching, interest rates on loans and on deposits, the maintenance of non-interest bearing reserves on deposit accounts, and the safety and soundness of banking practices. 
 
 Deposit Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, our bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. Under the FDIC s current risk-based assessment system for deposit insurance premiums, our bank s assessment rate is based on a formula using financial data and supervisory ratings. 
 Michigan DIFS Assessments . Michigan banks are required to pay supervisory fees to the Michigan DIFS to fund their operations. The amount of supervisory fees paid by a bank is based upon the bank's total assets. 
 Capital Requirements . The Federal Reserve has established the following minimum capital standards for state-chartered, FDIC-insured member banks, such as our bank: (1) a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted 
 6 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS (continued) 

 assets of 4.5 , (2) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6 , (3) a minimum ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 , and (4) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 . A 2.5 common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer is also required. It is important to note that these regulatory capital rules provide minimum requirements, and higher capital levels may be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. In addition, the federal bank regulatory agencies are required biennially to review risk-based capital standards to ensure that they adequately address interest rate risk, concentration of credit risk and risks from non-traditional activities. 
 Federal law provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions. The extent of the regulators' powers depends on whether the institution in question is "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized," or "critically undercapitalized." Federal regulations define these capital categories as follows: 
 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Leverage Ratio Well capitalized 10 or above 8 or above 6.5 or above 5 or above Adequately capitalized 8 or above 6 or above 4.5 or above 4 or above Undercapitalized Less than 8 Less than 6 Less than 4.5 Less than 4 Significantly undercapitalized Less than 6 Less than 4 Less than 3 Less than 3 Critically undercapitalized Tangible equity to total assets of 2 or less 
 At December 31, 2022, our bank's ratios exceeded minimum requirements for the well-capitalized category. 
 Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators' corrective powers include: requiring the submission of a capital restoration plan; placing limits on asset growth and restrictions on activities; requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to be acquired; restricting transactions with affiliates; restricting the interest rates the institution may pay on deposits; ordering a new election of directors of the institution; requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt and debentures; and ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 
 In general, a depository institution may be reclassified to a lower category than is indicated by its capital levels if the appropriate federal depository institution regulatory agency determines the institution to be otherwise in an unsafe or unsound condition or to be engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice. This could include a failure by the institution to correct the deficiency following receipt of a less-than-satisfactory rating on its most recent examination report. 
 Dividends . Under Michigan law, banks are restricted as to the maximum amount of dividends they may pay on their common stock. Our bank may not pay dividends except out of its net income after deducting its losses and provision for credit losses. In addition, a Michigan bank may not declare or pay a dividend unless the bank will have a surplus amounting to at least 20 percent of its capital after the payment of the dividend. 
 In addition, as a member of the Federal Reserve System, our bank is required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve for the declaration or payment of a dividend if the total of all dividends declared in any year will exceed the total of (a) the bank's retained net income (as defined by federal regulation) for that year, plus (b) the bank's retained net income for the preceding two years. 
 Federal law also generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. In addition, the Federal Reserve may prohibit the payment of dividends by a bank if such payment is determined, by reason of the financial condition of the bank, to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or if the bank is in default of payment of any assessment due to the FDIC. 
 Insider Transactions . Our bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on "covered transactions" with us or our subsidiaries, which include investments in our stock or other securities issued by us or our 
 7 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS (continued) 

 subsidiaries, the acceptance of our stock or other securities issued by us or our subsidiaries as collateral for loans, and extensions of credit to us or our subsidiaries. Certain limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on extensions of credit by our bank to the directors and officers of the holding company, the bank, and the subsidiaries of the bank; to the principal shareholders of the holding company; and to "related interests" of such directors, officers, and principal shareholders. In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms upon which any person becoming one of our directors or officers or a principal shareholder may obtain credit from banks with which our bank maintains a correspondent relationship. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards . Pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA"), the FDIC adopted guidelines to establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally-insured depository institutions. The guidelines establish standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality, and earnings. 
 Investment and Other Activities . Under federal law and regulations, FDIC-insured state banks are prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from making or retaining equity investments of a type, or in an amount, that are not permissible for a national bank. FDICIA, as implemented by FDIC regulations, also prohibits FDIC-insured state banks and their subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, from engaging as a principal in any activity that is not permitted for a national bank or its subsidiary, respectively, unless the bank meets, and continues to meet, its minimum regulatory capital requirements and the bank's primary federal regulator determines the activity would not pose a significant risk to the DIF. Impermissible investments and activities must be otherwise divested or discontinued within certain time frames set by the bank's primary federal regulator in accordance with federal law. These restrictions are not currently expected to have a material impact on the operations of our bank. 
 Consumer Banking . Our bank's business includes making a variety of types of loans to individuals. In making these loans, our bank is subject to state usury and other consumer protection laws and to various federal statutes, including provisions of the Gramm Leach-Bliley Act aimed at protecting the privacy of consumer financial information, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act (TILA), the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA), the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, and the regulations promulgated under these statutes, which (among other things) prohibit discrimination, specify disclosures to be made to borrowers regarding credit and settlement costs, and regulate the mortgage loan servicing activities of our bank, including the maintenance and operation of escrow accounts and the transfer of mortgage loan servicing. In receiving deposits, our bank is subject to extensive regulation under state and federal law and regulations, including the Truth in Savings Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Violation of these laws could result in the imposition of significant damages and fines upon our bank and its directors and officers. 
 A number of consumer protection laws were implemented following the 2008 recession, including the Dodd-Frank Act, adopted in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), which was given the power to issue and enforce certain consumer protection laws. The CFPB has issued a number of consumer protection regulations, including regulations that impact residential mortgage lending and servicing. 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, increased costs and expenses related to compliance with these consumer protection regulations as well as new regulations that may be implemented in the future. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the USA PATRIOT Act . The bank is subject to a number of financial recordkeeping and anti-money laundering laws and regulations including the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act, as well as similar rules and guidelines implemented and enforced by the Department of the Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ("FinCEN") and the Federal Financial Institutions Council ("FFIEC"). These laws and regulations require the bank to take certain steps to prevent the use of the bank or its systems from facilitating the flow of illegal or illicit money or terrorist funds. These regulations include FinCEN's Customer Due Diligence Requirements for Financial Institutions, which is designed to identify and verify the identity of natural persons (known as beneficial owners) of legal entity customers who own, control and profit from companies when those companies open accounts. 
 2018 Regulatory Reform . In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the "2018 Act") was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. While the 2018 Act maintained most of the regulatory structure established by the Dodd-Frank Act, it amended certain aspects of the regulatory framework for small depository institutions with assets of less than 10 billion and for large banks with assets of more than 50 billion. 
 8 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS (continued) 

 The 2018 Act also included regulatory relief for community banks regarding regulatory examination cycles, call reports, the Volcker Rule (proprietary trading prohibitions), mortgage disclosures, and risk weights for certain high-risk commercial real estate loans. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 . The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (the "NDAA") enacted January 1, 2021 over a presidential veto, includes a number of significant new requirements intended to enhance U.S. anti-money laundering efforts. These provisions, many of which are contained within a section of the NDAA known as the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the "AMLA"), include establishment of a beneficial ownership registration database, the creation of two new criminal offenses regarding money laundering, new penalties for Bank Secrecy Act violations, and increased whistleblower rewards and protections. Under these new laws, various government agencies will also be tasked with identification of policy priorities, establishment of streamlined processes, creation of information sharing programs, and regular reporting to Congress in an effort to modernize anti-money laundering enforcement. 
 Branching Authority . Michigan banks, such as our bank, have the authority under Michigan law to establish branches anywhere in the State of Michigan, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. Banks may establish interstate branch networks through acquisitions of other banks. The establishment of de novo interstate branches or the acquisition of individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) is allowed only if specifically authorized by state law. 
 Michigan permits both U.S. and non-U.S. banks to establish branch offices in Michigan. The Michigan Banking Code permits, in appropriate circumstances and with the approval of the Michigan DIFS (1) the acquisition of Michigan banks by FDIC-insured banks or savings banks located in other states, (2) the sale by a Michigan bank of branches to an FDIC-insured bank or savings bank located in a state in which a Michigan bank could purchase branches of the purchasing entity, (3) the consolidation of Michigan banks and FDIC-insured banks or savings banks located in other states having laws permitting such consolidation, (4) the establishment of branches in Michigan by FDIC-insured banks located in other states, the District of Columbia or U.S. territories or protectorates having laws permitting a Michigan bank to establish a branch in such jurisdiction, and (5) the establishment by foreign banks of branches located in Michigan. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss ("CECL") . In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . We adopted this ASU on January 1, 2021. The federal bank regulatory agencies allow for an optional phase-in period for the impact of CECL on regulatory capital, and we have elected the three year CECL method for regulatory capital purposes. This ASU, also referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This represents a change from the previous method of providing allowances for credit losses that are probable See note #1, Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K) for additional discussion relating to our adoption of CECL. 
 Replacement of LIBOR . In 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), announced that it intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calibration of LIBOR after 2021. On March 5, 2021, LIBOR s administrator announced end dates for publication of LIBOR: December 31, 2021 for one-week and two-month USD LIBOR maturities and non-USD LIBOR maturities, and June 30, 2023 for all other tenors. Federal bank regulators have issued guidance indicating that banks should cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021. 
 The Federal Reserve and the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC"), a steering committee comprised primarily of large U.S. financial institutions, have identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities, as a potential alternative to LIBOR, and the Federal Reserve announced final plans for the production of SOFR. In July 2021, the ARRC formally recommended the CME SOFR Term Rates. Whether SOFR will become a LIBOR replacement and the ultimate future of LIBOR remain uncertain. Some financial institutions have indicated an intent to use other rates in addition to SOFR. However, both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced in 2020 that they would cease purchasing and issuing LIBOR-based products by the end of 2020 and have begun accepting mortgages based on SOFR. 
 We have formed a cross-functional project team to lead this transition from LIBOR to a planned adoption of reference rates which could include SOFR, among others. Implementation of successor indices may lead to additional documentation requirements, compliance measures, financial impacts, and technology-related challenges, as well as potential disputes or 
 9 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS (continued) 

 litigation with customers and creditors. We are utilizing the timeline guidance published by the ARRC to develop and achieve internal milestones during this transitional period. We discontinued the use of new LIBOR-based loans and interest rate derivative as of December 31, 2021, according to regulatory guidelines. We also discontinued the use of new LIBOR based interest rate derivatives as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 . On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 includes a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases, effective January 1, 2023. We do not expect that this new excise tax will have a material impact on our operations or results. 
 Future Legislation 
 Various other legislative and regulatory initiatives, including proposals to overhaul the bank regulatory system, are from time to time introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as regulatory agencies. Such future legislation regarding financial institutions may change banking statutes and our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways and could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance among organizations within the industry. The nature and extent of future legislative and regulatory changes affecting financial institutions is very unpredictable. We cannot determine the ultimate effect that any such potential legislation, if enacted, would have upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Available Information 
 Our annual reports on Forms 10-K, quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, current reports on Forms 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our website at www.IndependentBank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our common stock involves risks, including (among others) the following factors: 
 Risk Factors Relating to the Financial Services Industry 
 
 Pressures from various macroeconomic events, including recessionary concerns, heightened inflation, increased interest rates, rising energy prices, supply chain disruptions, concerns over the Russia-Ukraine war, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have created, and continue to create, significant economic uncertainty and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and performance. 
 
 The extent to which these macroeconomic pressures may impact our business, results of operations, asset valuations, financial condition, and customers will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Material adverse impacts may include all or a combination of valuation impairments on our intangible assets, securities available for sale, securities held to maturity, loans, capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights or deferred tax assets. 
 
 In particular, economic downturns and other adverse impacts from these macroeconomic factors could result in the delinquency of outstanding loans, which could have a material adverse impact on our earnings. We continue to closely monitor and analyze the higher risk segments within our portfolio in light of the high degree of uncertainty that exists with respect to the impact of the fluid global economic conditions on the future performance of our loan portfolio. 
 Governmental monetary and fiscal policies may adversely affect the financial services industry and therefore impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve, affect the financial services industry, directly and indirectly. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S., and its monetary and fiscal policies determine in a large part our cost of funds for lending and investing and the return that can be earned on such loans and investments. Changes in such policies, including changes in interest rates, will influence the origination of loans, the value of investments, the value of capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights, the generation of deposits and the rates received on loans and investment securities and paid on deposits. Changes in monetary and fiscal policies are beyond our control and difficult to predict. Our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted by changes in governmental monetary and fiscal policies. 
 10 

Volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even though we operate in a distinct geographic region in the U.S., we are impacted by global capital and credit markets, which are sometimes subject to periods of extreme volatility and disruption. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit our ability to access capital and manage liquidity, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our customers may be adversely impacted by such conditions, which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, can lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions could expose us to credit risk in the event of default by a counterparty. In addition, our credit risk may be impacted when the collateral held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due to us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not adversely affect us and possibly be material in nature. 
 Changes in regulation or oversight may have a material adverse impact on our operations. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the Michigan DIFS, the SEC and other regulatory bodies. Such regulation and supervision governs the activities in which we may engage. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on our operations, limitations related to our securities, the classification of our assets, and the determination of the level of our allowance for credit losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Additional regulatory focus on the financial services industry is common in connection with an economic downturn, as the industry experienced following the most recent financial crisis. As a result, the adverse effects on our business relating to a future economic downturn could be exacerbated by additional regulations and regulatory scrutiny that accompanied or followed any such downturn. We can neither predict when or whether future regulatory or legislative reforms will be enacted nor what their contents will be. The impact of any future legislation or regulatory actions on our businesses or operations cannot be determined at this time, and such impact may adversely affect us. 
 We are subject to liquidity risk in our operations, which could adversely impact our ability to fund various obligations. 
 Liquidity risk is the possibility of being unable to meet obligations as they come due or capitalize on growth opportunities as they arise because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. Liquidity is required to fund various obligations, including credit obligations to borrowers, loan originations, withdrawals by depositors, repayment of debt, dividends to shareholders, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Liquidity is derived primarily from retail deposit growth and earnings retention, principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities, net cash provided from operations and access to other funding. If we are unable to maintain adequate liquidity, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

We face cybersecurity risks, including attacks targeting our systems and customers systems. 
 
 11 

Our business involves the collection, transmission, and storage of sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. While we have not to date experienced a significant security breach, our business is very susceptible to cybersecurity risks, and it is possible we could experience a significant breach in the future. The cybersecurity risks our business face include cyberattacks, other unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data, unavailability of service, and similar events. A material data breach or other cybersecurity incident affecting our business could result in significant reputational risk, loss of customers, legal claims, additional costs, financial loss, regulatory penalties, and similar damages. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, the continuing expansion of internet and mobile banking, and similar factors. 
 Operational difficulties, including failure of technology infrastructure, could adversely affect our business and operations. 
 We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, failure of our controls and procedures and unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or recordkeeping errors or those resulting from computer or telecommunications systems malfunctions. Given the high volume of transactions we process, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are identified and resolved. In particular, our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information on our technology systems and networks. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. 
 We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure or capacity constraints due to our dependency on third party vendors for components of our business infrastructure, including our core data processing systems which are largely outsourced. While we have selected these third party vendors carefully, we do not control their operations. As such, any failure on the part of these business partners to perform their various responsibilities could also adversely affect our business and operations. 
 We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which may include, for example, computer viruses, cyberattacks, spikes in transaction volume and/or customer activity, electrical or telecommunications outages, or natural disasters. Although we have programs in place related to business continuity, disaster recovery and information security to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems, business applications and customer information, such disruptions may give rise to interruptions in service to customers and loss or liability to us. 
 The occurrence of any failure or interruption in our operations or information systems could cause reputational damage, jeopardize the confidentiality of customer information, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to regulatory intervention or expose us to civil litigation and financial loss or liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Changes in the financial markets, including fluctuations in interest rates and their impact on deposit pricing, could adversely affect our net interest income and financial condition. 
 The operations of financial institutions such as us are dependent to a large degree on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Prevailing economic conditions, the trade, fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and the policies of various regulatory agencies all affect market rates of interest and the availability and cost of credit, which in turn significantly affect financial institutions' net interest income. Volatility in interest rates can also result in disintermediation, which is the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct investments, such as federal government and corporate securities and other investment vehicles, which, because of the absence of federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements, generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions. Our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by changes in financial market conditions. 
 Legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters with respect to the financial services industry, including those directly involving us, could adversely affect us or the financial services industry in general. 
 We have been, and may in the future be, subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings. It is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters, and there can be no assurance that we will prevail in any proceeding or litigation. Any 
 12 

such matter could result in substantial cost and diversion of our efforts, which by itself could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Further, adverse determinations in such matters could result in actions by our regulators that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Methods of reducing risk exposures might not be effective. 
 Instruments, systems and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of credit, market and liquidity, operational, compliance, business risks and enterprise-wide risk could be less effective than anticipated. As a result, we may not be able to effectively mitigate our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Risk Factors More Specific to Our Business 
 We have credit risk inherent in our loan portfolios, and our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover actual credit losses. 
 Our loan customers may not repay their loans according to their respective terms, and the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient to cover any losses we may incur. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. Non-performing loans amounted to 3.7 million and 5.1 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our allowance for credit losses coverage ratio of non-performing loans was 1,409.16 and 924.70 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in this coverage ratio in 2022 was primarily due to a combination of an increase in the allowance for credit losses and a reduction in non-performing loans. In determining the size of the allowance for credit losses, we rely on our experience and our evaluation of current economic conditions. If our assumptions or judgments prove to be incorrect, our current allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover certain credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio, and adjustments may be necessary to account for different economic conditions or adverse developments in our loan portfolio. Material additions to our allowance for credit losses would adversely impact our operating results. 
 In addition, federal and state regulators periodically review our allowance for credit losses and may require us to increase our provision for credit losses or recognize additional loan charge-offs, notwithstanding any internal analysis that has been performed. Any increase in our allowance for credit losses or loan charge-offs required by these regulatory agencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have credit risk in our securities portfolio. 
 We maintain diversified securities portfolios, which include obligations of the Treasury and government-sponsored agencies as well as securities issued by states and political subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities, corporate securities and asset-backed securities. We seek to limit credit losses in our securities portfolios by principally purchasing highly rated securities (generally rated "AA" or higher by a major debt rating agency) and by conducting due diligence on the issuer. However, gross unrealized losses on securities available for sale and securities held to maturity in our portfolio totaled approximately 87.3 million and 62.6 million, respectively as of December 31, 2022 (compared to approximately 8.6 million and zero, respectively as of December 31, 2021). We believe these unrealized losses are temporary in nature and are expected to be recovered within a reasonable time period as we believe we have the ability to hold the securities to maturity or until such time as the unrealized losses reverse. We evaluate securities available for sale for other impairment related to credit at least quarterly and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Those evaluations may result in a provision for credit losses recorded in our earnings. We measure expected credit losses on securities HTM on a collective basis by major security type with each type sharing similar risk characteristics, and considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. We may, in the future, experience losses in our securities portfolios which may result in credit losses that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our mortgage-banking revenues are susceptible to substantial variations, due in part to factors we do not control, such as market interest rates. 
 A portion of our revenues are derived from net gains on mortgage loans. These net gains primarily depend on the volume of loans we sell, which in turn depends on our ability to originate real estate mortgage loans and the demand for fixed-rate obligations and other loans that are outside of our established interest-rate risk parameters. Net gains on mortgage loans are 
 13 

also dependent upon economic and competitive factors as well as our ability to effectively manage exposure to changes in interest rates. Consequently, they can often be a volatile part of our overall revenues. We realized net gains of 6.4 million on mortgage loans during 2022 compared to 35.9 million during 2021 and 62.9 million during 2020. 
 Our parent company must rely on dividends or returns of capital from our bank for most of its cash flow. 
 Our parent company is a separate and distinct legal entity from our bank. Generally, our parent company receives substantially all of its cash flow from dividends or returns of capital from our subsidiary bank. These dividends or returns of capital are the principal source of funds to pay our parent company s operating expenses and for cash dividends on our common stock. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the bank may pay to the parent company. 
 Any future strategic acquisitions or divestitures may present certain risks to our business and operations. 
 Difficulties in capitalizing on the opportunities presented by a future acquisition may prevent us from fully achieving the expected benefits from the acquisition or may cause the achievement of such expectations to take longer to realize than expected. Further, the assimilation of the acquired entity's customers and markets could result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key employees, disruption of our businesses or the businesses of the acquired entity or otherwise adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. These matters could have an adverse effect on us for an undetermined period. We will be subject to similar risks and difficulties in connection with any future decisions to downsize, sell or close units or otherwise change our business mix. 
 Compliance with capital requirements may adversely affect us. 
 The capital requirements applicable to us as a bank holding company as well as to our subsidiary bank have been substantially revised in connection with Basel III and the requirements of the Financial Reform Act. These more stringent capital requirements, and any other new regulations, could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends in the future, or could require us to reduce business levels or to raise capital, including in ways that may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and/or existing shareholders. Maintaining higher levels of capital may reduce our profitability and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Declines in the businesses or industries of our customers could cause increased credit losses, which could adversely affect us. 
 Our business customer base consists, in part, of customers in businesses and industries that are sensitive to global economic conditions and supply chain factors. These industries include the automotive production industry, real estate businesses, retail C I, hotels, entertainment and food service. Any decline in one of those customers' businesses or industries could cause increased credit losses, which in turn could adversely affect us. 
 The introduction, implementation, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies may be less successful or may be different than anticipated, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We make certain projections and develop plans and strategies for our banking and financial products. If we do not accurately determine demand for or changes in our banking and financial product needs, it could result in us incurring significant expenses without the anticipated increases in revenue, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may not be able to utilize technology to efficiently and effectively develop, market, and deliver new products and services to our customers. 
 The financial services industry experiences rapid technological change with regular introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The efficient and effective utilization of technology enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to market and deliver products and services that will satisfy customer demands, meet regulatory requirements, and create additional efficiencies in our operations. We may not be able to effectively develop new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing or supporting these products and services to our customers, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 14 

Competitive product and pricing pressures among financial institutions within our markets may change. 
 We operate in a very competitive environment, which is characterized by competition from a number of other financial institutions in each market in which we operate. We compete with large national and regional financial institutions and with smaller financial institutions in terms of products and pricing. If we are unable to compete effectively in products and pricing in our markets, business could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in customer behavior may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We use a variety of methods to anticipate customer behavior as a part of our strategic planning and to meet certain regulatory requirements. Individual, economic, political, industry-specific conditions and other factors outside of our control, such as fuel prices, energy costs, real estate values or other factors that affect customer income levels, could alter predicted customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices. Such a change in these practices could materially adversely affect our ability to anticipate business needs and meet regulatory requirements. 
 Further, difficult economic conditions may negatively affect consumer confidence levels. A decrease in consumer confidence levels would likely aggravate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on us, our customers and others in the financial institutions industry. 
 Our ability to maintain and expand customer relationships may differ from expectations. 
 The financial services industry is very competitive. We not only vie for business opportunities with new customers, but also compete to maintain and expand the relationships we have with our existing customers. While we believe that we can continue to grow many of these relationships, we will continue to experience pressures to maintain these relationships as our competitors attempt to capture our customers. Failure to create new customer relationships and to maintain and expand existing customer relationships to the extent anticipated may adversely impact our earnings. 
 Our ability to retain key officers and employees may change. 
 Our future operating results depend substantially upon the continued service of our executive officers and key personnel. Our future operating results also depend in significant part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, financial, technical, marketing, sales and support personnel. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, and we cannot ensure success in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. There may be only a limited number of persons with the requisite skills to serve in these positions, and it may be increasingly difficult for us to hire personnel over time. 
 Further, our ability to retain key officers and employees may be impacted by legislation and regulation affecting the financial services industry. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by the loss of any key employees, or our inability to attract and retain skilled employees. 
 Catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, fires, floods and pandemic outbreaks may adversely affect the general economy, financial and capital markets, specific industries, and us. 
 We have significant operations and a significant customer base in Michigan where natural and other disasters may occur, such as tornadoes and floods. These types of natural catastrophic events at times have disrupted the local economy, our business, and our customers and have posed physical risks to our property. In addition, catastrophic events occurring in other regions of the world may have an impact on our customers and in turn, on us. A significant catastrophic event could materially adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our failure to appropriately apply certain critical accounting policies could result in our misstatement of our financial results and condition. 
 Accounting policies and processes are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. We must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and processes so they comply with U.S. GAAP. In some cases, we must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, yet may result in our reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 
 15 

We have identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. We have established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are subject to internal controls and applied consistently. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. Because of the uncertainty surrounding management's judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, we cannot guarantee that we will not be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements. See note #1, Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K). 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We and our bank operate a total of 83 facilities in Michigan and one leased facility in Ohio. We own 61 and lease 22 of the facilities in Michigan. 
 With the exception of the potential remodeling of certain facilities to provide for the efficient use of workspace or to maintain an appropriate appearance, each property is considered reasonably adequate for current and anticipated needs. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. At the present time, we do not believe any of these matters will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. The aggregate amount we have accrued for losses we consider probable as a result of these litigation matters is immaterial. However, because of the inherent uncertainty of outcomes from any litigation matter, we believe it is reasonably possible we may incur losses in addition to the amounts we have accrued. At this time, we estimate the maximum amount of additional losses that are reasonably possible is insignificant. However, because of a number of factors, including the fact that certain of these litigation matters are still in their early stages, this maximum amount may change in the future. 
 The litigation matters described in the preceding paragraph primarily include claims that have been brought against us for damages, but do not include litigation matters where we seek to collect amounts owed to us by third parties (such as litigation initiated to collect delinquent loans). These excluded, collection-related matters may involve claims or counterclaims by the opposing party or parties, but we have excluded such matters from the disclosure contained in the preceding paragraph in all cases where we believe the possibility of us paying damages to any opposing party is remote. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 ADDITIONAL ITEM - EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Our executive officers are appointed annually by our Board of Directors at the meeting of directors preceding the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. There are no family relationships among these officers and/or our directors nor any arrangement or understanding between any officer and any other person pursuant to which the officer was elected. 
 16 

The following sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers at February 19, 2022. 
 Name (Age) Position First elected as an executive officer William B. Kessel (58) President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 2004 Gavin A. Mohr (39) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer(1) 2020 Stefanie M. Kimball (63) Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer 2007 Joel Rahn (56) Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer(2) 2021 Larry R. Daniel (59) Executive Vice President, Operations and Digital Banking 2017 Patrick J. Ervin (57) Executive Vice President, Mortgage Banking 2017 James J. Twarozynski (57) Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 2002 
 (1) Mr. Mohr joined Independent Bank in September 2020, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Independent Bank, Mr. Mohr served as the Chief Financial Officer of STAR Financial Bank, STAR ), a 2.1 billion bank, located in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Prior to joining STAR, Mr. Mohr served as Treasurer of Yadkin Bank and Trust (Statesville, North Carolina) from 2013 to 2014. 
 (2) Mr. Rahn joined Independent Bank in April of 2018 as Senior Vice President Commercial Lending. He was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer in January, 2021. He has 33 years of commercial banking experience and has served in senior leadership positions for the past 16 years. 
 17 

PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The information set forth under the caption "Quarterly Summary" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We maintain a Deferred Compensation and Stock Purchase Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "Plan") pursuant to which non-employee directors can elect to receive shares of our common stock in lieu of fees otherwise payable to the director for his or her service as a director. A director can elect to receive shares on a current basis or to defer receipt of the shares, in which case the shares are issued to a trust to be held for the account of the director and then generally distributed to the director after his or her retirement from the Board. Pursuant to this Plan, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we issued 431 shares of common stock to non-employee directors on a current basis and 4,537 shares of common stock to the trust for distribution to directors on a deferred basis. These shares were issued on October 1, 2022 representing aggregate fees of 0.09 million. The shares issued on a current basis were issued at a price of 19.10 per share and the shares to be issued on a deferred basis were issued at a price of 17.19 per share, representing 90 of the fair value of the shares on the credit date. The per-share value used was the consolidated closing bid price per share of our common stock as of the date of issuance, as determined in accordance with NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. We issued the shares pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 due to the fact that the issuance of the shares was made on a private basis pursuant to the Plan. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The following table shows certain information relating to purchases of common stock for the three-months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan Remaining Number of Shares Authorized for Purchase Under the Plan October 2022 241 22.44 918,414 November 2022 918,414 December 2022 Total 241 22.44 
 The share repurchase plan we had in place for 2022 expired on December 31, 2022. On December 21, 2022, we announced the adoption by our Board of Directors of a 2023 share repurchase plan that authorizes the repurchase during 2023 of up to 1,100,000 shares of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 The information set forth under the caption "Selected Consolidated Financial Data" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The information set forth under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 
 18 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" under the caption "Asset/liability management" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The following consolidated financial statements and the independent auditor's report are set forth in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The supplementary data required by this item set forth under the caption "Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The portions of our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), which are not specifically incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K are not deemed to be a part of this report. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 1. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . With the participation of management, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15e and 15d 15e) as of the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Evaluation Date"), have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 2. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . "Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" and our independent registered public accounting firm's audit of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 included within the "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm," each as set forth in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K) are incorporated herein by reference. 
 19 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 20 

PART III. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 DIRECTORS - The information with respect to our directors set forth under the caption "Proposal I Submitted for Your Vote -- Election of Directors" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING The information set forth under the caption "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS - Reference is made to the additional item under Part I of this report on Form 10-K. 
 CODE OF ETHICS - We have adopted a "Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers" that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. A copy of our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.IndependentBank.com , under Investor Relations, and a printed copy is available upon request by writing to our Chief Financial Officer, Independent Bank Corporation, 4200 East Beltline, Grand Rapids, Michigan 49525. 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information relating to our audit committee, set forth under the caption "Board Committees and Functions" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information set forth under the captions "Executive Compensation," "Director Compensation," Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information set forth under the captions "Voting Securities and Record Date", Proposal I Submitted for Your Vote -- Election of Directors" and "Securities Ownership of Management" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We maintain certain equity compensation plans under which our common stock is authorized for issuance to employees and directors, including our Deferred Compensation and Stock Purchase Plan for Non-employee Directors and our Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 21 

The following sets forth certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2021. 
 Plan Category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 40,307 8.32 581,361 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders None N/A 101,997 
 The equity compensation plan not approved by security holders referenced above is our Deferred Compensation and Stock Purchase Plan for Non-employee Directors. This plan allows our non-employee directors to defer payment of all or a part of their director fees and to receive shares of common stock in lieu of cash for these fees. Under the plan, each non-employee director may elect to participate in a Current Stock Purchase Account, a Deferred Cash Investment Account, or a Deferred Stock Account. A Current Stock Purchase Account is credited with shares of our common stock having a fair market value equal to the fees otherwise payable. A Deferred Cash Investment Account is credited with an amount equal to the fees deferred and on each quarterly credit date with an appreciation factor that may not exceed the prime rate of interest charged by our bank. A Deferred Stock Account is credited with the amount of fees deferred and converted into stock units based on 90 of the fair market value of our common stock at the time of the deferral. Amounts in the Deferred Stock Account are credited with cash dividends and other distributions on our common stock. Fees credited to a Deferred Cash Investment Account or a Deferred Stock Account are deferred for income tax purposes. This plan does not provide for distributions of amounts deferred prior to a participant s termination as a non-employee director. Participants may generally elect either a lump sum or installment distribution. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information set forth under the captions "Transactions Involving Management" and "Determination of Independence of Board Members" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information set forth under the caption "Disclosure of Fees Paid to our Independent Auditors" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 22 

PART IV. 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 All of our financial statements are incorporated herein by reference as set forth in the annual report to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K.) 
 2. Exhibits (Numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K) The Exhibit Index is located below. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit number and description 
 EXHIBITS FILED HEREWITH 
 13 
 Annual report, relating to the April 25, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. This annual report will be delivered to our shareholders in compliance with Rule 14(a)-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 10.9 
 Form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Award Agreement as executed with certain executive officers 21 
 List of Subsidiaries. 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Crowe LLP). 24 
 Power of Attorney (included on page 25 ). 
 31.1 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 23 

EXHIBITS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2017). 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed March 7, 2017). 4.1 
 Description of Registrant s Common Stock (incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 4 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed March 6, 2020). 4.2 
 Form of 5.95 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to the Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.8 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 10.1 
 The form of Indemnity Agreement, as executed with all of the directors of the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form S-4 we filed on December 29, 2017). 10.2 
 The form of Management Continuity Agreement as executed with executive officers and certain senior managers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form S-4 we filed on December 29, 2017). 10.3 
 2021 Independent Bank Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective April 20, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to our proxy statement filed on Schedule 14A on March 5, 2021). 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation and Stock Purchase Plan for Nonemployee Directors, as amended through March 19, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 3, 2019). 10.5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement as executed with certain executive officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2011). 10.6 
 Form of TSR Performance Share Award Agreement as executed with certain executive officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed March 7, 2014). 10.7 
 Summary of Independent Bank Corporation Management Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed March 6, 2015). 10.8 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated May 27, 2020, by and among Independent Bank Corporation and the Purchasers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2020). 
 Represents a compensation plan. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, dated March 3, 2023. 
 INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 
 s/Gavin A. Mohr Gavin A. Mohr, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each director whose signature appears below hereby appoints William B. Kessel and Gavin A. Mohr and each of them severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact, to sign in his or her name and on his or her behalf, as a director, and to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 William B. Kessel, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) s/William B. Kessel March 3, 2023 Gavin A. Mohr, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) s/Gavin A. Mohr March 3, 2023 James J. Twarozynski, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) s/James J. Twarozynski March 3, 2023 Michael M. Magee, Jr. Chairperson and Director s/Michael M. Magee, Jr. March 3, 2023 Dennis W. Archer, Jr., Director s/Dennis W. Archer, Jr. March 3, 2023 Terance L. Beia, Director s/Terance L. Beia March 3, 2023 William J. Boer, Director s/William J. Boer March 3, 2023 Joan A. Budden, Director s/Joan A. Budden March 3, 2023 Michael J. Cok, Director s/Michael J. Cok March 3, 2023 Stephen L. Gulis, Jr., Director s/Stephen L. Gulis, Jr. March 3, 2023 Christina L. Keller, Director s/Christina L. Keller March 3, 2023 William B. Kessel, Director s/William B. Kessel March 3, 2023 Ronia F. Kruse, Director s/Ronia F. Kruse March 3, 2023 Matthew J. Missad, Director s/Matthew J. Missad March 3, 2023 
 25 

<EX-10.9 >
 2
 ibcp-20221231xexx109.htm
 EX-10.9 

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.9 
 
 INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 

This certifies that Independent Bank Corporation (the Company has on___________, 20xx (the Award Date ), granted to ________________ (the Participant an award (the Award of _________ Performance Shares (the Target Performance Shares pursuant to and under the Independent Bank Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan and subject to the terms set forth in this agreement (the Agreement ). A copy of the Plan has been delivered to the Participant. The Plan is incorporated into this Agreement by reference, and in the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will govern. Any terms not defined herein will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Definitions . 
 
 (a) Actual Performance Shares means the number of Performance Shares earned and vested in accordance with Section 2 and payable to the Participant under Section 5 of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Cause means 
 
 (i) A material breach by the Participant of those duties and responsibilities of the Participant which do not differ in any material respect from the duties and responsibilities of the Participant during the 90-day period immediately prior to such breach (other than as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) which is demonstrably willful and deliberate on the Participant's part, which is committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such breach is in the best interests of the Company and which is not remedied in a reasonable period of time after receipt of written notice from the Company specifying such breach or 
 
 (ii) The commission by the Participant of a felony involving moral turpitude. 
 
 (c) Common Stock means the Company's no par value per share common stock. 
 
 (d) Peer Group means financial institutions chartered as state or federal banking institutions or bank holding companies domiciled in the United States and with total year-end assets between 1 billion and 10 billion, whose securities are publicly traded on the major United States exchanges, as published by S&P Global, or any successor peer group approved by the Committee, determined as of each Award Date. 
 
 (e) Peer Group ROAA means the ROAA of the Peer Group during the applicable Performance Period, as determined from the information published by S&P Global, or as may be determined by the Committee, in a manner consistent with determining Company ROAA. 
 
 (f) Peer Group TSR means total shareholder return of the Peer Group during the applicable Performance Period, as determined from the information published by S&P Global for such Peer Group, or as may be determined by the Committee in a manner consistent with determining TSR for the Company. 
 
 (g) Performance Period means the period of three (3) consecutive years commencing on the Award Date. 
 
 (h) Performance Share means the right to receive one (1) share of Common Stock subject to certain restrictions and on the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 (i) Return on Average Assets or ROAA with respect to the Company shall mean the average of the Company's annual income during the Performance Period, divided by its annual average assets, during the Performance Period. 
 
 (j) Total Shareholder Return or TSR with respect to the Company shall mean the quotient of (a) the Average Fair Market Value of the Company's Common Stock on the last day of the Performance Period divided by (b) the Average Fair Market Value of the Company's Common Stock on the Award Date. For purposes of calculating the Company's TSR, the Average Fair Market Value on the last date of the Performance Period shall be adjusted to reflect any and all cash, stock or in-kind dividends paid on the Company's Common Stock during the Performance Period. Average Fair Market Value shall mean the average of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the Company's Common Stock during the ten (10) trading day period immediately prior to the Award Date and the last day of the Performance Period, as applicable. 
 
 2. Determination of Actual Performance Shares . The Actual Performance Shares which may be earned and vested by Participant shall equal (a) the number of Target Performance Shares, multiplied by (b) the Earnout Percentage, as determined under this Section 2. 
 -1- 

(a) Determination of TSR and ROAA . 
 
 (i) Determination of Company TSR and ROAA . Within sixty (60) days after the end of each Performance Period, the Committee will determine the Company s TSR and ROAA during the Performance Period. 
 
 (ii) Determination of Peer Group TSR and ROAA . Within sixty (60) days after the end of each Performance Period, the Committee will determine the Peer Group TSR and Peer Group ROAA during the Performance Period. 
 
 (b) Calculation of Earnout Percentage . The Earnout Percentage shall equal the sum of the Earnout Percentages under Section 2(b)(i) and (ii), determined in accordance with the following 

(i) 
 If the Company's TSR is The Earnout TSR Percentage is 25th Percentile 25th Percentile 
 25 50th Percentile 
 50 75th Percentile 
 75 90th Percentile 
 100 

(ii) 
 If the Company's ROAA is The ROAA Earnout Percentage is 25th Percentile 25th Percentile 
 25 50th Percentile 
 50 75th Percentile 
 75 90th Percentile 
 100 
 
 The Earnout Percentages between the above performance levels set forth in Section 2(b)(i) and (ii) shall be determined based on straight line interpolation. 
 
 (c) Calculation of Actual Performance Shares after a Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the Participant's Actual Performance Shares in accordance with the following 
 
 (i) The Committee will determine the TSR and ROAA for the Company and the Peer Group TSR and ROAA for the period beginning on the first day of the Performance Period and ending on the date immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control (the Adjusted Performance Period ). 
 
 (ii) The Committee shall determine the Earnout Percentage under the formula set forth in Section 2(b) above during the Adjusted Performance Period (the Adjusted Earnout Percentage ). 
 
 (iii) The Actual Performance Shares shall equal the product of (a) the number of Target Performance Shares, and (b) the Adjusted Earnout Percentage, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Adjusted Performance Period and the denominator of which is 1,095. 
 
 (d) Certification . Not later than ninety (90) days after the end of the Performance Period or five (5) days after the Adjusted Performance Period, as applicable, the Committee shall determine the Actual Performance Shares and shall certify such finding to the Company and the Participant. 
 
 3. Adjustments to Actual Performance Shares Following Termination of Employment . 
 
 (a) Termination Due to Death, Disability or Termination Without Cause . In the event that the Participant's employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates prior to the end of the Performance Period due to 
 -2- 

(i) Death 
 
 (ii) Disability or 
 
 (iii) Termination by the Company or a Subsidiary without Cause, 
 
 the Participant's Actual Performance Shares will equal the Actual Performance Shares determined under Section 2 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months, beginning on the first day of the Performance Period and ending on the date of the Participant's termination of employment, and the denominator of which is 36. 
 
 (b) Termination Due to Retirement Prior to the Last Year of Performance Period . If the Employee is age 60 or older and retires from the Company or a Subsidiary prior to the end of the Second Year of the Performance Period, the Participant's Actual Performance Shares will be equal to the Actual Performance Shares determined under Section 2, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months, beginning on the first day of the Performance Period and ending on the date of the Participant's Retirement, and the denominator of which is 36. 
 
 (c) Termination Due to Retirement After the Second Year of the Performance Period . If the Employee is age 60 or older and retires from the Company or a Subsidiary during the Performance Period on or after the last date of the Second Year of the Performance Period, no adjustment to the Actual Performance Shares shall be made. 
 
 (d) Termination of Employment for Other Reasons . In the event that the Participant's employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates prior to the end of the Performance Period for any reason other than Death, Disability, Retirement, or Termination by the Company or a Subsidiary without Cause, then Participant's rights to all of the Target Performance Shares granted in this Award will be immediately and irrevocably forfeited upon such termination of employment. 
 
 4. Rights of the Participant with Respect to Performance Shares . 
 
 (a) No Shareholder Rights . The Performance Shares granted pursuant to this Award do not and will not entitle Participant to any rights of a shareholder of Common Stock, including the right to receive dividends. The rights of the Participant with respect to the Performance Shares will remain forfeitable at all times prior to the end of the Performance Period and as otherwise provided in the Plan. Prior to conversion of Performance Shares into Common Stock, such Performance Shares will represent only an unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 
 (b) Conversion of Performance Shares Issuance of Common Stock . No shares of Common Stock will be issued to Participant prior to the date on which the Performance Shares vest and become Actual Performance Shares under the provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement. Neither this subsection (b) nor any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this subsection (b) will be construed to create a trust of any kind. After any Performance Shares vest and become Actual Performance Shares and any tax withholding obligations related to such Actual Performance Shares have been satisfied pursuant to Section 7, the Company will, within 60 days thereafter, cause to be issued to the Participant or the Participant's legal representatives, beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be, a stock certificate or book entry representing the number of shares of Common Stock in payment of such vested whole Actual Performance Shares. The value of any fractional Performance Share will be paid in cash at the time certificates are delivered to Participant in payment of the Actual Performance Shares based on the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the day preceding the date of distribution. 
 
 5. Restriction on Transfer . 
 
 (a) The Performance Shares and any rights under this Award may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of by Participant otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and any such purported sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition will be void and unenforceable against the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participant may, in the manner established by the Committee, designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise the rights of Participant and receive any property distributable with respect to the Performance Shares upon the death of Participant. 
 
 (b) No transfer by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution of any Performance Shares that vest by reason of Participant's death will be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee will have been furnished with written notice of such transfer and a copy of the will or such other evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer. 
 
 6. Adjustments to Performance Shares for Certain Corporate Transactions . Adjustments to Performance Shares will be determined in accordance with this Section 6. 
 
 (a) The Committee will make an appropriate and proportionate adjustment to the number of Target Performance Shares granted under this Award if 
 -3- 

(i) The outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased, as a result of merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split with respect to such shares of Common Stock or other securities, or 
 
 (ii) Additional shares or new or different shares or other securities are distributed with respect to such shares of Common Stock or other securities or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities through merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other distribution with respect to such shares of Common Stock or other securities. 
 
 (b) The Committee may make an appropriate and proportionate adjustment in the number of Target Performance Shares granted under this Award if the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased as a result of a recapitalization or reorganization not included within subsection (a) above. 
 
 7. Tax Withholding . 
 
 (a) In order to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local tax withholding laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to ensure that all applicable federal, state, and local payroll, withholding, income or other taxes, which are the sole and absolute responsibility of Participant, are withheld or collected from Participant. 
 
 (b) In accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Committee under the Plan, Participant may elect to satisfy Participant's federal, state, and local tax obligations arising from the receipt of, or the lapse of restrictions relating to, the Performance Shares, by any of the following means or by a combination of such means set forth below. If the Participant fails to notify the Company of his or her election, the Company will withhold shares of Common Stock as described in paragraph (ii), below. 
 
 (i) Tendering a payment to the Company in the form of cash, check (bank check, certified check or personal check) or money order payable to the Company 
 
 (ii) Authorizing the Company to withhold from the shares of Common Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant a number of such shares having a Fair Market Value as of the date that the amount of the tax to be withheld is to be determined (the Tax Date) less than or equal to the minimum amount of the Company's withholding tax obligation or 
 
 (iii) Delivering to the Company unencumbered shares of Common Stock already owned by Participant having a Fair Market Value, as of the Tax Date, less than or equal to the minimum amount of the Company's withholding tax obligation. Any shares of Common Stock already owned by Participant referred to in this paragraph (iii) must have been owned by Participant for no less than six (6) months prior to the date delivered to the Company if such shares of Common Stock were acquired upon the exercise of an Option or upon the vesting of Restricted Stock or other Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 The Company will not deliver any fractional share of Common Stock but will pay, in lieu thereof, will round the number of shares up or down to the nearest number of full shares. Participant's election must be made on or before the Tax Date. 
 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Neither this Award Agreement nor the Plan confers on Participant any right with respect to the continuance of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary, nor will there be a limitation in any way on the right of the Company or any Subsidiary by which Participant is employed to terminate his or her employment at any time. 
 
 (b) In the event of a restatement of the Company s consolidated financial statements for any interim or annual period Restatement ), the Committee may determine that the Award exceeds the amount that would have been awarded or received had the Restatement been known at the time of the original Award or at the time of vesting of any Actual Performance Shares. In the event that the Committee makes such a determination, the Company shall have the right (i) in the instance of a Participant whose misconduct or violation of a Company policy causes such Restatement Cause ), to terminate, require forfeiture of, or adjust any Awards made to Participant and to require the repayment of any gain on any Award or on any Actual Performance Shares, realized within twelve (12) months of the Restatement and (ii) in the instance where a Participant is an officer subject to Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and without regard to whether such Participant caused the Restatement, to adjust any vested or unvested Award made during the period covered by the Restatement to reflect the impact of the Restatement. Both cause and the amount of adjustment and or repayment shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and its decision shall be final and binding upon the Participant(s). 
 
 -4- 

(c) The Company will not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock upon vesting of any Actual Performance Shares until the requirements of any federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations or other laws or rules (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied. 
 
 (d) An original record of this Award and of the Participant s acceptance and acknowledgement will be held on file by the Company. This Agreement and the Participant s acknowledgement may be made by either paper or electronic format as specified by the Company. To the extent there is any conflict between the terms contained in this Agreement and the terms contained in the original held by the Company, the terms of the original held by the Company will control. 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 
 
 By _____________________________ 
 Its Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 

ACCEPTANCE AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 I accept the Award described herein and in the Plan, acknowledge receipt of a copy of this Agreement and the Plan, and acknowledge that I have read them carefully and that I fully understand their contents. 
 
 PARTICIPANT 

Dated 

-5- 

</EX-10.9 >

<EX-13>
 3
 ibcp-20221231.htm
 EX-13

ibcp-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 13 Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
 14 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (PCAOB ID 
 39 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 40 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 48 Quarterly Data 
 119 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The graph below compares the total returns (assuming reinvestment of dividends) of Independent Bank Corporation common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Bank Stock Index. The graph assumes 100 invested in Independent Bank Corporation common stock (returns based on stock prices per the NASDAQ) and each of the indices on December 31, 2017, and the reinvestment of all dividends during the periods presented. The performance shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 Independent Bank Corporation 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Independent Bank Corporation 100.00 96.44 107.44 92.09 123.72 128.82 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 NASDAQ Bank 100.00 83.60 114.68 100.00 137.32 113.60 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS Interest income 169,008 138,080 139,829 148,928 130,773 Interest expense 19,447 8,315 16,217 26,347 17,491 Net interest income 149,561 129,765 123,612 122,581 113,282 Provision for credit losses (1) 
 5,341 (1,928) 12,463 824 1,503 Net gains (losses) on securities available for sale (275) 1,411 267 307 138 Other non-interest income 62,184 75,232 80,478 47,429 44,677 Non-interest expense 128,341 131,023 122,413 111,733 107,461 Income before income tax 77,788 77,313 69,481 57,760 49,133 Income tax expense 14,437 14,418 13,329 11,325 9,294 Net income 63,351 62,895 56,152 46,435 39,839 PER COMMON SHARE DATA Net income per common share Basic 3.00 2.91 2.56 2.03 1.70 Diluted 2.97 2.88 2.53 2.00 1.68 Cash dividends declared and paid 0.88 0.84 0.80 0.72 0.60 Book value 16.50 18.82 17.82 15.58 14.38 SELECTED BALANCES Assets 4,999,787 4,704,740 4,204,013 3,564,694 3,353,281 Loans 3,465,352 2,905,045 2,733,678 2,725,023 2,582,520 Allowance for credit losses (1) 
 52,435 47,252 35,429 26,148 24,888 Deposits 4,379,069 4,117,090 3,637,355 3,036,727 2,913,428 Shareholders equity 347,596 398,484 389,522 350,169 338,994 Other borrowings 86,006 30,009 30,012 88,646 25,700 Subordinated debt 39,433 39,357 39,281 Subordinated debentures 39,660 39,592 39,524 39,456 39,388 SELECTED RATIOS Net interest income to average interest earning assets 3.32 3.10 3.34 3.80 3.88 Net income to Average shareholders' equity 18.41 16.13 15.68 13.63 12.38 Average assets 1.31 1.41 1.43 1.35 1.27 Average shareholders equity to average assets 7.13 8.73 9.10 9.90 10.27 Tier 1 capital to average assets 8.86 8.79 9.15 10.11 10.47 Non-performing loans to Portfolio Loans 0.11 0.18 0.29 0.35 0.33 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Beginning January 1, 2021, calculation is based on CECL methodology. Prior to January 1, 2021, calculation was based on the probable incurred loss methodology. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Statements in this report that are not statements of historical fact, including statements that include terms such as will, may, should, believe, expect, forecast, anticipate, estimate, project, intend, likely, optimistic and plan and statements about future or projected financial and operating results, plans, projections, objectives, expectations, and intentions, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, descriptions of plans and objectives for future operations, products or services; projections of our future revenue, earnings or other measures of economic performance; forecasts of credit losses and other asset quality trends; statements about our business and growth strategies; and expectations about economic and market conditions and trends. These forward-looking statements express our current expectations, forecasts of future events, or long-term goals. They are based on assumptions, estimates, and forecasts that, although believed to be reasonable, may turn out to be incorrect. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including: 
 economic, market, operational, liquidity, credit, and interest rate risks associated with our business; 
 economic conditions generally and in the financial services industry, particularly economic conditions within Michigan and the regional and local real estate markets in which our bank operates; 
 the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of, and provisions made to, our allowance for credit losses; 
 increased competition in the financial services industry, either nationally or regionally; 
 our ability to achieve loan and deposit growth; 
 volatility and direction of market interest rates; 
 the continued services of our management team; and 
 implementation of new legislation, which may have significant effects on us and the financial services industry. 
 This list provides examples of factors that could affect the results described by forward-looking statements contained in this report, but the list is not intended to be all-inclusive. The risk factors disclosed in Part I Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as updated by any new or modified risk factors disclosed in Part II Item 1A of any subsequently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, include the primary risks our management believes could materially affect the results described by forward-looking statements in this report. However, those risks are not the only risks we face. Our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects could also be materially and adversely affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us, that we currently consider to be immaterial, or that develop after the date of this report. We cannot assure you that our future results will meet expectations. While we believe the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date made. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any obligation to update or alter any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 Introduction. The following section presents additional information to assess the financial condition and results of operations of Independent Bank Corporation IBCP ), its wholly-owned bank, Independent Bank (the Bank ), and their subsidiaries. This section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the supplemental financial data contained elsewhere in this annual report. We also encourage you to read our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). That report includes a list of risk factors that you should consider in connection with any decision to buy or sell our securities. 
 Overview. We provide banking services to customers located primarily in Michigan s Lower Peninsula and also have one loan production office in Ohio (Fairlawn). As a result, our success depends to a great extent upon the economic conditions in Michigan s Lower Peninsula. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Significant Developments. Pressures from heightened inflation, rising interest rates, elevated energy prices, supply chain disruptions, concerns over the Russia-Ukraine war, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations continue to create significant economic uncertainty. In an effort to combat inflationary pressures, the Federal Reserve Board increased the federal funds rate by a total of 4.25 over 2022, including a 75-basis point increase in November 2022 and a 50-basis point increase in December 2022. The rate was increased by another 25-basis points in February 2023. Many policymakers expect rates to continue to rise into 2023. The ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, its impact on energy prices, and related events are likely to continue to create additional pressure on economic activity. The resulting responses by the U.S. and other countries (including the imposition of economic sanctions and export restrictions), and the potential for wider conflict has increased volatility and uncertainty in global financial markets and could result in significant market disruptions, including in our customers industries or sectors. 
 
 The extent to which these pressures may impact our business, results of operations, asset valuations, financial condition, and customers will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Material adverse impacts may include all or a combination of valuation impairments on our intangible assets, securities available for sale ("AFS"), securities held to maturity ("HTM"), loans, capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights or deferred tax assets. 
 It is against this backdrop that we discuss our results of operations and financial condition in 2022 as compared to earlier periods. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Summary. We recorded net income of 63.4 million, or 2.97 per diluted share, in 2022, net income of 62.9 million, or 2.88 per diluted share, in 2021, and net income of 56.2 million, or 2.53 per diluted share, in 2020. 
 KEY PERFORMANCE RATIOS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income to Average shareholders' equity 18.41 16.13 15.68 Average assets 1.31 1.41 1.43 Net income per common share Basic 3.00 2.91 2.56 Diluted 2.97 2.88 2.53 
 Net interest income. Net interest income is the most important source of our earnings and thus is critical in evaluating our results of operations. Changes in our net interest income are primarily influenced by our level of interest-earning assets and the income or yield that we earn on those assets and the manner and cost of funding our interest-earning assets. Certain macro-economic factors can also influence our net interest income such as the level and direction of interest rates, the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates (the steepness of the yield curve) and the general strength of the economies in which we are doing business. Finally, risk management plays an important role in our level of net interest income. The ineffective management of credit risk and interest-rate risk in particular can adversely impact our net interest income. 
 Net interest income totaled 149.6 million during 2022, compared to 129.8 million and 123.6 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in net interest income in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflects a 307.5 million increase in average interest-earning assets and a 22 basis point increase in our tax equivalent net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets (the net interest margin ). 
 The increase in net interest income in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily reflects a 529.9 million increase in average interest-earning assets that was partially offset by a 24 basis point decrease in our net interest margin. 
 The increase in average interest-earning assets during 2022 primarily reflects growth in commercial, mortgage and installment loans funded primarily by an increase in deposits and a decrease in securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The increase in the net interest margin during 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily reflects an increase in yield on variable rate loans and securities, a change in the mix of earning assets and the origination of new loans at higher rates than those that have matured or paid off. These increases were partially offset by an increase in the rate on interest bearing liabilities. 
 Interest and fees on loans in 2022 include 0.8 million of accretion of net loan fees on Payroll Protection Program ("PPP") loans compared to 8.9 million and 5.6 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Interest expense in 2020 included 1.6 million of accelerated amortization of deferred loss on certain derivative financial instruments that were de-designated. No such amortization is included in 2022 or 2021. See note #16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion regarding these derivative financial instruments. 
 The increase in average interest-earning assets during 2021 primarily reflects an increase in securities available for sale and interest bearing cash deposits. The significant increases in these balances is primarily due to the deployment of funds from a substantial increase in deposits. The decrease in the net interest margin during 2021 as compared to 2020 primarily reflects a change in the mix of earning assets as well as the origination of new loans and the purchase of securities available for sale at lower rates than those same instruments that have matured or paid off. These decreases were partially offset by the impact of PPP loans and accelerated amortization of certain deferred losses on derivative financial instruments that were de-designated. 
 2022, 2021 and 2020 interest income on loans includes 0.3 million, 0.8 million and 1.1 million, respectively, of accretion of the discount recorded on loans acquired in connection with our acquisition of Traverse City State Bank TCSB in 2018. 
 Our net interest income is also impacted by our level of non-accrual loans. Average non-accrual loans totaled 4.4 million, 6.2 million and 11.2 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 AVERAGE BALANCES AND RATES 
 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate (Dollars in thousands) ASSETS Taxable loans 3,227,803 138,765 4.30 2,881,950 116,358 4.04 2,863,846 122,875 4.29 Tax-exempt loans (1) 
 7,771 370 4.76 7,240 362 5.00 7,145 360 5.04 Taxable securities 945,665 20,676 2.19 915,701 14,488 1.58 635,914 12,655 1.99 Tax-exempt securities (1) 
 331,322 10,191 3.08 348,346 7,892 2.27 137,330 3,673 2.67 Interest bearing cash 28,773 142 0.49 79,915 112 0.14 59,056 184 0.31 Other investments 17,768 742 4.18 18,427 734 3.98 18,410 905 4.92 Interest earning assets 4,559,102 170,886 3.75 4,251,579 139,946 3.30 3,721,701 140,652 3.78 Cash and due from banks 59,507 56,474 49,886 Other assets, net 207,114 157,524 162,068 Total assets 4,825,723 4,465,577 3,933,655 LIABILITIES Savings and interest-bearing checking 2,526,296 10,278 0.41 2,282,607 2,693 0.12 1,821,115 3,882 0.21 Time deposits 399,987 3,873 0.97 326,081 1,772 0.54 516,306 8,784 1.70 Other borrowings 121,871 5,296 4.35 108,884 3,850 3.54 117,904 3,551 3.01 Interest bearing liabilities 3,048,154 19,447 0.64 2,717,572 8,315 0.31 2,455,325 16,217 0.66 Non-interest bearing deposits 1,338,736 1,288,276 1,054,230 Other liabilities 94,638 69,694 65,943 Shareholders equity 344,195 390,035 358,157 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 4,825,723 4,465,577 3,933,655 Net interest income 151,439 131,631 124,435 Net interest income as a percent of average interest earning assets 3.32 3.10 3.34 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Interest on tax-exempt loans and securities is presented on a fully tax equivalent basis assuming a marginal tax rate of 21 . 
 RECONCILIATION OF NET INTEREST MARGIN, FULLY TAXABLE EQUIVALENT ("FTE") 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Net interest income 149,561 129,765 123,612 Add: taxable equivalent adjustment 1,878 1,866 823 Net interest income - taxable equivalent 151,439 131,631 124,435 Net interest margin (GAAP) 3.28 3.05 3.32 Net interest margin (FTE) 3.32 3.10 3.34 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 CHANGE IN NET INTEREST INCOME 
 2022 compared to 2021 2021 compared to 2020 Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net (In thousands) Increase (decrease) in interest income (1) 
 Taxable loans 14,551 7,856 22,407 772 (7,289) (6,517) Tax-exempt loans (2) 
 25 (17) 8 5 (3) 2 Taxable securities 488 5,700 6,188 4,789 (2,956) 1,833 Tax-exempt securities (2) 
 (403) 2,702 2,299 4,859 (640) 4,219 Interest bearing cash (108) 138 30 51 (123) (72) Other investments (27) 35 8 1 (172) (171) Total interest income 14,526 16,414 30,940 10,477 (11,183) (706) Increase (decrease) in interest expense (1) 
 Savings and interest bearing checking 317 7,268 7,585 825 (2,014) (1,189) Time deposits 473 1,628 2,101 (2,463) (4,549) (7,012) Other borrowings 495 951 1,446 (286) 585 299 Total interest expense 1,285 9,847 11,132 (1,924) (5,978) (7,902) Net interest income 13,241 6,567 19,808 12,401 (5,205) 7,196 
 __________________________ 
 (1) The change in interest due to changes in both balance and rate has been allocated to change due to balance and change due to rate in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of change in each. 
 (2) Interest on tax-exempt loans and securities is presented on a fully tax equivalent basis assuming a marginal tax rate of 21 . 
 COMPOSITION OF AVERAGE INTEREST EARNING ASSETS AND INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 As a percent of average interest earning assets Loans 71.0 68.0 77.1 Other interest earning assets 29.0 32.0 22.9 Average interest earning assets 100.0 100.0 100.0 Savings and interest-bearing checking 55.4 53.7 48.9 Time deposits 8.8 7.7 13.9 Other borrowings 2.7 2.6 3.2 Average interest bearing liabilities 66.9 64.0 66.0 Earning asset ratio 94.5 95.2 94.6 Free-funds ratio (1) 
 33.1 36.1 34.0 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Average interest earning assets less average interest bearing liabilities. 
 Provision for credit losses . We adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL on January 1, 2021. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The provision for credit losses was an expense of 5.3 million in 2022, a credit of 1.9 million in 2021, and an expense of 12.5 million in 2020. The provision reflects our assessment of the allowance for credit losses (the ACL taking into consideration factors such as loan growth, loan mix, levels of non-performing and classified loans, economic conditions and loan net charge-offs. While we use relevant information to recognize losses on loans, additional provisions for related losses may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions, customer circumstances and other credit risk factors. The increase in the provision for credit losses in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to new credit loss allocations in the commercial and retail loan portfolios primarily due to loan growth and a decrease in gross recoveries of previously charged-off commercial and retail loans as well as an increase in the adjustment to allocations based on subjective factors. The higher provision for credit losses in 2020 relative to both 2022 and 2021 was a result of an 11.2 million (or 128.2 increase in the qualitative/subjective portion of the allowance for credit losses. That increase principally reflected the unique challenges and economic uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic during the first half of 2020 and the potential impact on the loan portfolio. See Portfolio Loans and asset quality for a discussion of the various components of the ACL and their impact on the provision for credit losses in 2022 and note #19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report for a discussion on industry concentrations. 
 Non-interest income. Non-interest income is a significant element in assessing our results of operations. Non-interest income totaled 61.9 million during 2022 compared to 76.6 million and 80.7 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 NON-INTEREST INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Interchange income 13,955 14,045 11,230 Service charges on deposit accounts 12,288 10,170 8,517 Net gains (losses) on assets Mortgage loans 6,431 35,880 62,560 Securities available for sale (275) 1,411 267 Mortgage loan servicing, net 18,773 5,745 (9,350) Investment and insurance commissions 2,898 2,603 1,971 Bank owned life insurance 360 567 910 Other 7,479 6,222 4,640 Total non-interest income 61,909 76,643 80,745 
 Interchange income totaled 13.96 million in 2022 compared to 14.05 million in 2021 and 11.23 million in 2020. The modest decrease in interchange income in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to a lower rate earned on debit card transactions that was partially offset by an increase in the volume of these transactions. The increase in interchange income in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to growth in debit card transaction volume (2020 was adversely impacted by COVID-19 pandemic related shut-downs of businesses and stay at home mandates), a new switch contract that was initially effective in the fourth quarter of 2020 that increased revenues, and our joining a surcharge free ATM network in April 2020 that increased both interchange income and interchange expense. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts totaled 12.3 million in 2022, as compared to 10.2 million in 2021 and 8.5 million during 2020. The increases in 2022 and 2021 relative to their respective prior years were primarily due to an increase in non-sufficient funds occurrences (and related fees). During 2020, non-sufficient funds fees were impacted by contracted consumer spending and government stimulus payments related to COVID-19. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We realized net gains of 6.4 million on mortgage loans during 2022, compared to 35.9 million and 62.6 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. Mortgage loan activity is summarized as follows: 
 MORTGAGE LOAN ACTIVITY 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Mortgage loans originated 935,807 1,861,060 1,820,697 Mortgage loans sold (1) 
 602,797 1,254,638 1,447,031 Net gains on mortgage loans 6,431 35,880 62,560 Net gains as a percent of mortgage loans sold Loan Sales Margin 1.07 2.86 4.32 Fair value adjustments included in the Loan Sales Margin (1.12) (0.52) 0.47 
 __________________________ 
 (1) 2022 includes the sale of 63.4 million of portfolio residential fixed rate and adjustable rate mortgage loans. 2021 includes the sale of 9.6 million of portfolio residential fixed rate mortgage loans. 2020 includes the securitization of 26.3 million of portfolio residential fixed rate loans and the sale of 2.4 million of portfolio residential fixed rate mortgage loans. 
 Mortgage loans originated decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 as higher mortgage loan interest rates in 2022 reduced mortgage loan refinance activity as well as purchase money activity. Mortgage loans sold decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to lower loan origination volume. Net gains on mortgage loans decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to the decline in loan sale volume and a decrease in the Loan Sales Margin as discussed below. 
 The increase in mortgage loan originations in 2021 as compared to 2020 is due primarily to an increase in purchase money mortgages reflecting strong home sales in many of our markets. Mortgage loans sold decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to a lower mix of salable loans in our origination volumes. Net gains on mortgage loans decreased in 2021 as compared to 2020 due to the decline in loan sale volume, a decrease in the Loan Sales Margin and fair value adjustments as discussed below. 
 The volume of loans sold is dependent upon our ability to originate mortgage loans as well as the demand for fixed-rate obligations and other loans that we choose to not put into portfolio because of our established interest-rate risk parameters. (See Portfolio Loans and asset quality. Net gains on mortgage loans are also dependent upon economic and competitive factors as well as our ability to effectively manage exposure to changes in interest rates and thus can often be a volatile part of our overall revenues. 
 Our Loan Sales Margin is impacted by several factors including competition and the manner in which the loan is sold. Net gains on mortgage loans are also impacted by recording fair value accounting adjustments. Excluding these fair value accounting adjustments, the Margin would have been 2.19 in 2022, 3.38 in 2021 and 3.85 in 2020. The decrease in the Loan Sales Margin (excluding fair value adjustments) in 2022 was generally due to a tightening of primary-to-secondary market pricing spreads as market interest rates increased during 2022 as well as the volatility of interest rates experienced during 2022. The changes in the fair value accounting adjustments are primarily due to changes in the amount of commitments to originate mortgage loans for sale during each year as well as a lower Loan Sales Margin in 2022. 
 We generated net gains (losses) on securities of (0.28) million, 1.41 million and 0.27 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These net gains (losses) were due to the sales of securities as outlined in the table below. We recorded no credit related charges in 2022, 2021 or 2020 for securities AFS. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 GAINS AND LOSSES ON SECURITIES 
 Year Ended December 31, Proceeds Gains Losses Net (In thousands) 2022 70,523 164 439 (275) 2021 85,371 1,475 64 1,411 2020 38,095 271 4 267 
 Mortgage loan servicing, net, generated a gain of 18.8 million in 2022 compared to a gain of 5.7 million and a loss of 9.4 million in 2021 and 2020 respectively. The significant variances in mortgage loan servicing, net are primarily due to changes in the fair value of capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights associated with changes in mortgage loan interest rates and expected future prepayment levels. Mortgage loan servicing, net activity is summarized in the following table: 
 MORTGAGE LOAN SERVICING ACTIVITY 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Mortgage loan servicing: Revenue, net 8,577 7,853 6,874 Fair value change due to price 14,272 3,380 (10,833) Fair value change due to pay-downs (4,076) (5,488) (5,391) Total 18,773 5,745 (9,350) 
 Activity related to capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights is as follows: 
 CAPITALIZED MORTGAGE LOAN SERVICING RIGHTS 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Balance at January 1, 26,232 16,904 19,171 Originated servicing rights capitalized 6,061 11,436 13,957 Change in fair value 10,196 (2,108) (16,224) Balance at December 31, 42,489 26,232 16,904 
 At December 31, 2022, we were servicing approximately 3.5 billion in mortgage loans for others on which servicing rights have been capitalized. This servicing portfolio had a weighted average coupon rate of 3.60 and a weighted average service fee of approximately 0.256 basis points. Remaining capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights at December 31, 2022 totaled 42.5 million, representing approximately 1.22 basis points on the related amount of mortgage loans serviced for others. 
 Investment and insurance commissions totaled 2.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2.6 million and 2.0 million in 2021 and 2020. The increase in revenue in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 2020 was primarily due to higher sales volume and an increase in fee based revenue. 
 We earned 0.4 million, 0.6 million and 0.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on our separate account bank owned life insurance principally as a result of increases in the cash surrender value. Our separate account is primarily invested in agency mortgage-backed securities and managed by a fixed income investment manager. The crediting rate (on which the earnings are based) reflects the performance of the separate account. The total cash surrender value of our bank owned life insurance was 55.2 million and 55.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in earnings in each year is due to a decrease in the crediting rate. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Other non-interest income totaled 7.5 million, 6.2 million and 4.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other non-interest income increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to the gain on the sale of two bank owned properties of 1.1 million. The increase in 2021 as compared to 2020 is due primarily to increases in credit card and merchant processing revenue, higher commercial loan swap fee income and a one-time fee reimbursement from our core data processing vendor for conversion related loss of revenues. In addition, during 2020, we elected to suspend certain electronic banking fees because of the COVID-19 pandemic and the increased need for our customers to access these channels. Fees related to interest rate swaps for commercial loan customers were also lower in 2020 as customers did not feel the need to execute such transactions given the low interest rate environment. 
 Non-interest expense. Non-interest expense is an important component of our results of operations. We strive to efficiently manage our cost structure. 
 Non-interest expense totaled 128.3 million in 2022, 131.0 million in 2021, and 122.4 million in 2020. Decreases in data processing, interchange expense, loan and collection, costs related to unfunded lending commitments, conversion related expenses and other expenses are primarily responsible for the decrease in 2022 compared to 2021. Increases in compensation and employee benefits, data processing, interchange expense, costs related to unfunded lending commitments and other expenses are primarily responsible for the increase in 2021 compared to 2020. The components of non-interest expense are as follows: 
 NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Compensation 50,535 44,226 41,517 Performance-based compensation 15,875 19,800 19,725 Payroll taxes and employee benefits 14,597 15,943 13,539 Compensation and employee benefits 81,007 79,969 74,781 Data processing 10,183 10,823 8,534 Occupancy, net 8,907 8,794 8,938 Interchange expense 4,242 4,434 3,342 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 4,007 4,172 4,089 Communications 2,871 3,080 3,194 Loan and collection 2,657 3,172 3,037 FDIC deposit insurance 2,142 1,396 1,596 Legal and professional 2,133 2,068 2,027 Advertising 2,074 1,918 2,230 Amortization of intangible assets 785 970 1,020 Costs related to unfunded lending commitments 599 1,207 263 Supplies 556 611 680 Correspondent bank service fees 299 382 395 Provision for loss reimbursement on sold loans 57 133 200 Conversion related expenses 50 1,827 2,586 Branch closure costs 417 Net (gains) losses on other real estate and repossessed assets (214) (230) 64 Other 5,986 6,297 5,020 Total non-interest expense 128,341 131,023 122,413 
 Compensation expense, which is primarily salaries, totaled 50.5 million, 44.2 million and 41.5 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The comparative increase in 2022 to 2021 is primarily due to salary increases that were predominantly effective on January 1, 2022, and a decreased level of compensation that was deferred as direct origination costs due to lower mortgage loan origination volume. The comparative increase in 2021 to 2020 is primarily due to an 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 increase in lending personnel, higher overtime levels and salary increases that were predominantly effective on January 1, 2021. 
 Performance-based compensation expense totaled 15.9 million, 19.8 million and 19.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 as compared to 2021 was due to actual performance relative to the established incentive plan targets as well a decrease in mortgage lending related incentives attributed to the decline in mortgage lending volume. 
 We maintain performance-based compensation plans. In addition to commissions and cash incentive awards, such plans include an ESOP and a long-term equity based incentive plan. Total compensation expense recognized for grants pursuant to our long-term incentive plan was 1.8 million, 1.6 million and 1.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In each of those three years, we granted both restricted stock and performance share awards under the plan. 
 Payroll taxes and employee benefits expense totaled 14.6 million, 15.9 million and 13.5 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to decreases in payroll taxes (reflecting lower performance-based compensation costs), our 401(k) plan match and other indirect costs related to mortgage lending. The increase in 2021 compared to 2020 is due to increases in payroll taxes (reflecting higher compensation costs), our 401(k) plan match and health care costs (due to increased claims in 2021). 
 Data processing expenses totaled 10.2 million, 10.8 million, and 8.5 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to lower debit card production costs, lower net mortgage processing costs (lower volume) and a refund of previously expensed charges from our former core data processing provider. The increase in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to a cost savings agreement related to core data processing services that was executed in the second quarter of 2020 and expired in the first quarter of 2021. The remainder of the increased costs in 2021 principally relate to new software and technology product and service additions. 
 Interchange expense, which totaled 4.2 million, 4.4 million, and 3.3 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily represents fees paid to our core information systems processor and debit card licensor related to debit card and ATM transactions. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was attributed to lower transaction costs due in part to transaction channel mix. Increased debit card transaction volume and transaction channel mix in 2021 compared to 2020 contributed to the rise in this expense from 2020 to 2021. 
 Loan and collection expenses reflect costs related to new lending activity as well as the management and collection of non-performing loans and other problem credits. These expenses totaled 2.7 million, 3.2 million and 3.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs decreased in 2022 and 2021 due primarily to recoveries of previously expensed amounts as well as an overall lower level of non performing loans and assets. 
 Advertising expense totaled 2.1 million, 1.9 million, and 2.2 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily due to higher charitable donations and advertising related to a new branch opening. The decrease in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to the receipt of a 0.3 million reimbursement from our debit card provider for certain eligible marketing costs that we incurred as well as reduced levels of advertising in certain channels. 
 Conversion related expenses totaled 0.1 million, 1.8 million, and 2.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We began a process to convert our core data processing system to a new system hosted by a different vendor in early 2020 and completed this conversion in May 2021. These expenses represent costs incurred for assistance from our existing vendor and fees from consultants who assisted us in this conversion. 
 FDIC deposit insurance expense totaled 2.1 million, 1.4 million, and 1.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. FDIC deposit insurance expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to an increase in the assessment rate. FDIC deposit insurance expense increased in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to a lower assessment rate. 
 The changes in costs related to unfunded lending commitments are primarily impacted by changes in the amounts of such commitments to originate Portfolio Loans as well as (for commercial loan commitments) the grade (pursuant to our loan rating system) of such commitments. Costs related to unfunded lending commitments totaled 0.6 million, 1.2 million, and 0.3 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily to 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 a decrease in the amount of newly originated unfunded lending commitments. The increase in 2021 compared to 2020 is due primarily to an increase in the amount of unfunded lending commitments. 
 Branch closure costs totaled 0.4 million for 2020. We closed eight Bank branches in 2020 (two on June 26, 2020 and six on July 31, 2020). These costs primarily represent write-downs of fixed assets (buildings, furniture and equipment) and lease assets. 
 Other non-interest expenses totaled 6.0 million, 6.3 million, and 5.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in other expense in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily represents lower Michigan Corporate Income Tax expense as the result of a decrease in tax base, a branch write-down and certain one-time contract termination costs expensed in the prior year. The increase in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily represents increases in travel and entertainment related expenses due to the lifting of COVID-19 travel restrictions, an increase in deposit customer account fraud related costs, an increase in Michigan Corporate Income Tax expense as the result of a change in how the tax base is calculated, a branch write-down and certain one-time contract termination costs. 
 Income tax expense . We recorded an income tax expense of 14.44 million, 14.42 million and 13.33 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 2022 increase in tax expense compared to 2021 and 2020 is due to higher taxable income. 
 Our actual federal income tax expense is different than the amount computed by applying our statutory federal income tax rate to our pre-tax income primarily due to tax-exempt interest income, share based compensation and tax-exempt income from the increase in the cash surrender value on life insurance. 
 We assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax asset, net DTA based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. The ultimate realization of this asset is primarily based on generating future income. We concluded at December 31, 2022 and 2021 that the realization of substantially all of our DTA continues to be more likely than not. See note #13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report for more information. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Summary. Our total assets increased to 5.00 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.70 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily due to growth in commercial, mortgage and installment loans. Loans, excluding loans held for sale Portfolio Loans ), totaled 3.47 billion and 2.91 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Commercial, mortgage, and installment loans increased by 263.3 million, 228.8 million, and 68.3 million, respectively. 
 Deposits totaled 4.38 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.12 billion at December 31, 2021. The 262.0 million increase in deposits is primarily due to growth in savings and interest bearing checking deposits, reciprocal deposits, time deposits and brokered time deposits that were partially offset by a decline in non-interest bearing deposits. 
 Securities. We maintain diversified securities portfolios, which include obligations of U.S. government-sponsored agencies, securities issued by states and political subdivisions, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate securities, trust preferred securities and (in 2021) foreign government securities (that are denominated in U.S. dollars). We regularly evaluate asset/liability management needs and attempt to maintain a portfolio structure that provides sufficient liquidity and cash flow. 
 We believe that the unrealized losses on securities AFS are temporary in nature and are expected to be recovered within a reasonable time period. We believe that we have the ability to hold securities with unrealized losses to maturity or until such time as the unrealized losses reverse. (See Asset/liability management ). 
 On April 1, 2022, we transferred certain securities AFS with an amortized cost and unrealized loss at the date of transfer of 418.1 million and 26.5 million, respectively to securities held to maturity ("HTM"). The transfer was made at fair value, with the unrealized loss becoming part of the purchase discount which will be accreted over the remaining life of the securities. The other comprehensive loss component is separated from the remaining securities AFS and is accreted over the remaining life of the securities transferred. We have the ability and intent to hold these securities until they mature, at which time we will receive full value for these securities. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 SECURITIES AFS 
 Amortized Cost Unrealized Fair Value Gains Losses (In thousands) Securities AFS December 31, 2022 866,363 329 87,345 779,347 December 31, 2021 1,404,858 16,594 8,622 1,412,830 
 SECURITIES HTM 
 Carrying Value Transferred 
 Unrealized 
 Loss (1) 
 ACL Amortized Cost Unrealized Fair Value Gains Losses (In thousands) Securities HTM December 31, 2022 374,818 23,066 168 398,052 11 62,645 335,418 December 31, 2021 
 (1) Represents the remaining unrealized loss to be accreted on securities that were transferred from AFS to HTM on April 1, 2022. 
 Securities AFS in unrealized loss positions are evaluated quarterly for impairment related to credit losses. For securities AFS in an unrealized loss position, we first assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For securities AFS that do not meet this criteria, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, we consider the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, adverse conditions specifically related to the security and the issuer and the impact of changes in market interest rates on the market value of the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, we compare the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an ACL is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an ACL is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. No ACL for securities AFS was needed at December 31, 2022 . The increase in unrealized losses in 2022 is primarily attributed to an increase in interest rates since December 31, 2021 . See note #3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report for further discussion. 
 For securities HTM an ACL is maintained at a level which represents our best estimate of expected credit losses. This ACL is a contra asset valuation account that is deducted from the carrying amount of securities HTM to present the net amount expected to be collected. Securities HTM are charged off against the ACL when deemed uncollectible. Adjustments to the ACL are reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in provision for credit loss. We measure expected credit losses on securities HTM on a collective basis by major security type with each type sharing similar risk characteristics, and considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. With regard to U.S. Government-sponsored agency and mortgage-backed securities (residential and commercial), all these securities are issued by a U.S. government-sponsored entity and have an implicit or explicit government guarantee; therefore, no allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. With regard to obligations of states and political subdivisions, private label-mortgage-backed, corporate and trust preferred securities HTM, we consider (1) issuer bond ratings, (2) historical loss rates for given bond ratings, (3) the financial condition of the issuer, and (4) whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. See note #3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report for further discussion. 
 Portfolio Loans and asset quality. In addition to the communities served by our Bank branch and loan production office network, our principal lending markets also include nearby communities and metropolitan areas. Subject to established underwriting criteria, we also may participate in commercial lending transactions with certain non-affiliated banks and make whole loan purchases from other financial institutions. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The senior management and board of directors of our Bank retain authority and responsibility for credit decisions and we have adopted uniform underwriting standards. Our loan committee structure and the loan review process attempt to provide requisite controls and promote compliance with such established underwriting standards. However, there can be no assurance that our lending procedures and the use of uniform underwriting standards will prevent us from incurring significant credit losses in our lending activities. 
 We generally retain loans that may be profitably funded within established risk parameters. (See Asset/liability management. As a result, we may hold adjustable-rate conventional and fixed rate jumbo mortgage loans as Portfolio Loans, while 15- and 30-year fixed-rate non-jumbo mortgage loans are generally sold to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. (See Non-interest income. Due primarily to the expansion of our mortgage-banking activities and a change in mix in our mortgage loan originations, we are now originating and putting into Portfolio Loans more fixed rate mortgage loans compared to past periods. These fixed rate mortgage loans generally have terms from 15 to 30 years, do not have prepayment penalties and expose us to more interest rate risk. (See Asset/liability management ). 
 LOAN PORTFOLIO SEGMENTS 
 The following table summarizes each loan portfolio segment by (1) scheduled repayments and (2) predetermined (fixed) interest rate and/or adjustable (variable) interest rate at December 31, 2022: 
 Commercial Mortgage Installment Total (In thousands) Due in one year or less 144,399 205 1,625 146,229 Due after one but within five years 355,495 2,565 54,186 412,246 Due after five but within 15 years 952,955 119,954 450,879 1,523,788 Due after 15 years 14,004 1,245,685 123,400 1,383,089 1,466,853 1,368,409 630,090 3,465,352 Fixed rate 728,232 897,448 625,979 2,251,659 Variable rate 738,621 470,961 4,111 1,213,693 1,466,853 1,368,409 630,090 3,465,352 
 In 2022, we sold 63.4 million of fixed and adjustable rate portfolio mortgage loans. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2022 we reclassified 20.4 million (fair value of 20.4 million) of portfolio mortgage loans to held for sale. These loans were sold to another financial institution on a servicing retained basis during the first quarter of 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2021 we reclassified 34.8 million (fair value of 34.8 million) of portfolio mortgage loans to held for sale. These loans were sold to other financial institutions on a servicing retained basis during the first quarter of 2022. In 2020 we sold or securitized 28.7 million of fixed and adjustable rate portfolio mortgage loans. All of these loan sales/securitizations were non-recourse (other than standard representations and warranties) and were executed primarily for asset/liability management purposes. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 PAYCHECK PROTECTION PROGRAM 
 The PPP was a short-term, forgivable loan program primarily intended to help businesses impacted by COVID-19 to continue paying their employees which ended on May 31, 2021 for new loans. See note #4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report for further discussion of the PPP. 
 A summary of outstanding PPP loans follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount (#) Amount Amount (#) Amount (Dollars in thousands) Closed and outstanding at year end 2 116 186 26,364 Unaccreted net fees remaining at year end n/a n/a 806 
 LOAN PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Real estate (1) 
 Residential first mortgages 1,081,359 870,169 Residential home equity and other junior mortgages 138,944 128,801 Construction and land development 319,157 278,992 Other (2) 
 874,019 726,224 Consumer 624,047 339,785 Commercial 423,055 555,696 Agricultural 4,771 5,378 Total loans 3,465,352 2,905,045 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Includes both residential and non-residential commercial loans secured by real estate. 
 (2) Includes loans secured by multi-family residential and non-farm, non-residential property. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 NON-PERFORMING ASSETS (1) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Non-accrual loans 5,381 5,545 8,312 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest Sub total 5,381 5,545 8,312 Less: Government guaranteed loans 1,660 435 439 Total non-performing loans 3,721 5,110 7,873 Other real estate and repossessed assets 455 245 766 Total non-performing assets 4,176 5,355 8,639 As a percent of Portfolio Loans Non-accrual loans 0.16 0.19 0.30 Non-performing loans 0.11 0.18 0.29 ACL (2) 
 1.51 1.63 1.30 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.08 0.11 0.21 ACL as a percent of non-accrual loans (2) 
 974.45 852.16 426.24 ACL as a percent of non-performing loans (2) 
 1409.16 924.70 450.01 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Excludes loans classified as troubled debt restructured that are performing. 
 (2) Beginning January 1, 2021, calculation is based on CECL methodology. Prior to January 1, 2021, calculation was based on the probable incurred loss methodology. 
 TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS 
 December 31, 2022 Commercial Retail (1) 
 Total (In thousands) Performing TDRs 3,155 26,000 29,155 Non-performing TDRs (2) 
 1,034 (3) 
 1,034 Total 3,155 27,034 30,189 December 31, 2021 Commercial Retail (1) 
 Total (In thousands) Performing TDRs 4,481 31,589 36,070 Non-performing TDRs (2) 
 1,016 (3) 
 1,016 Total 4,481 32,605 37,086 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Retail loans include mortgage and installment loan portfolio segments. 
 (2) Included in non-performing loans table above. 
 (3) Also includes loans on non-accrual at the time of modification until six payments are received on a timely basis. 
 Non-performing loans totaled 3.7 million, 5.1 million and 7.9 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to a 1.4 million decrease in the residential mortgage loan portfolio segment which were primarily attributed to loan payoffs and pay downs. Our collection and 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 resolution efforts have generally resulted in a stable trend in non-performing loans. The decrease in non-performing loans in 2021 as compared to 2020 was primarily due to a 1.4 million decrease in the residential mortgage loan portfolio segment and a 1.4 million decrease in the commercial loan segment which were primarily attributed to loan payoffs and pay downs. 
 Non-performing loans exclude performing loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings TDRs ). Performing TDRs totaled 29.2 million, or 0.8 of total Portfolio Loans, and 36.1 million, or 1.2 of total Portfolio Loans, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in the amount of performing TDRs during 2022 reflects declines in both commercial and mortgage loan TDRs due primarily to payoffs and paydowns. 
 Other real estate ORE and repossessed assets totaled 0.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The ACL as a percent of non-accrual and non-performing loans increased during 2022 due primarily to an increase in the ACL related to specific allocations and pooled analysis of loans as well as a decrease in non-accrual and non-performing loans while the increase in 2021 was due primarily to an increase in the ACL resulting from the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2021. 
 We will place a loan that is 90 days or more past due on non-accrual, unless we believe the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Accordingly, we have determined that the collection of the accrued and unpaid interest on any loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest is probable. 
 ALLOCATION OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Specific allocations 2,078 1,130 Pooled analysis allocations 37,662 33,359 Additional allocations based on subjective factors 12,695 12,763 Total 52,435 47,252 
 Some loans will not be repaid in full. Therefore, an ACL is maintained at a level which represents our best estimate of expected credit losses. Our ACL is comprised of three principal elements: (i) specific analysis of individual loans identified during the review of the loan portfolio, (ii) pooled analysis of loans with similar risk characteristics based on historical experience, adjusted for current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and expected prepayments, and (iii) additional allowances based on subjective factors, including local and general economic business factors and trends, portfolio concentrations and changes in the size and/or the general terms of the loan portfolios. See notes #1 and #4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report for further discussion on the ACL. 
 While we use relevant information to recognize losses on loans, additional provisions for related losses may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions, customer circumstances and other credit risk factors. 
 The ACL increased 5.2 million to 52.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 47.3 million at December 21, 2021 and was equal to 1.51 of total Portfolio Loans at December 31, 2022. 
 Two of the three components of the ACL outlined above increased since December 21, 2021. The ACL related to specific loans increased 0.9 million due primarily to a 5.2 million increase in the amount of such loans and the ACL related to pooled analysis of loans increased 4.3 million due primarily to loan growth in 2022. The ACL related to subjective factors was relatively unchanged during 2022. 
 During 2021 two of the three components of the ACL outlined above decreased. The ACL related to specific loans decreased 1.3 million due primarily to a 6.7 million decrease in the amount of such loans. The ACL related to subjective factors decreased 1.1 million due primarily to slightly lower reserve allocations reflecting an improvement in economic forecasts (particularly for lower unemployment levels) that was partially offset by loan growth in 2021. The ACL related to pooled analysis of loans increased 2.6 million due primarily to loan growth in 2021. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS, SECURITIES HTM AND UNFUNDED COMMITMENTS 
 Loans Securities HTM Unfunded Commitments (In thousands) December 31, 2019 26,148 1,542 Additions (deductions) Provision for credit losses (1) 
 12,463 Recoveries credited to the ACL 3,069 Loans charged against the ACL (6,251) Additions included in non-interest expense 263 December 31, 2020 35,429 1,805 Additions (deductions) Impact of adoption of CECL 11,574 1,469 Provision for credit losses (1,928) Initial allowance on loans purchased with credit deterioration 134 Recoveries credited to the ACL 4,477 Loans charged against the ACL (2,434) Additions included in non-interest expense 1,207 December 31, 2021 47,252 4,481 Additions (deductions) Provision for credit losses 5,173 168 Recoveries credited to the ACL 2,496 Loans charged against the ACL (2,486) Additions included in non-interest expense 599 December 31, 2022 52,435 168 5,080 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Beginning January 1, 2021, calculation is based on CECL methodology. Prior to January 1, 2021, calculation was based on the probable incurred loss methodology. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 RATIO OF NET CHARGE-OFFS TO AVERAGE LOANS OUTSTANDING 
 Commercial Mortgage Installment Total (Dollars in thousands) 2022 Loans charged against (recoveries credited to) the ACL (453) (365) 808 (10) Average Portfolio Loans 1,323,840 1,257,528 616,854 3,198,222 Net loans charged off against (credited to) the ACL to average Portfolio Loans (0.03) (0.03) 0.13 2021 Loans charged against (recoveries credited to) the ACL (2,607) (471) 1,035 (2,043) Average Portfolio Loans 1,241,961 1,056,245 521,089 2,819,295 Net loans charged off against (credited to) the ACL to average Portfolio Loans (0.21) (0.04) 0.20 (0.07) 2020 Loans charged against (recoveries credited to) the ACL 2,272 303 607 3,182 Average Portfolio Loans 1,294,217 1,020,507 472,210 2,786,934 Net loans charged off against (credited to) the ACL to average Portfolio Loans 0.18 0.03 0.13 0.11 
 In 2022, we recorded loan net recoveries of 0.01 million compared to loan net recoveries of 2.04 million in 2021 and loan net charge offs of 3.18 million in 2020. The net recoveries in 2022 and 2021 primarily reflect reduced levels of non-performing loans, improvement in collateral liquidation values and ongoing collection efforts on previously charged-off loans. The net charge offs in 2020 were primarily attributed to a 4.0 million charge down of one specific commercial loan relationship whose balance was zero at December 31, 2020. 
 Deposits and borrowings . Historically, the loyalty of our customer base has allowed us to price deposits competitively, contributing to a net interest margin that compares favorably to our peers. However, we still face a significant amount of competition for deposits within many of the markets served by our branch network, which limits our ability to materially increase deposits without adversely impacting the weighted-average cost of core deposits. 
 To attract new core deposits, we have implemented various account acquisition strategies as well as branch staff sales training. Account acquisition initiatives have historically generated increases in customer relationships. Over the past several years, we have also expanded our treasury management products and services for commercial businesses and municipalities or other governmental units and have also increased our sales calling efforts in order to attract additional deposit relationships from these sectors. We view long-term core deposit growth as an important objective. Core deposits generally provide a more stable and lower cost source of funds than alternative sources such as short-term borrowings. (See Liquidity and capital resources. 
 Deposits totaled 4.38 billion and 4.12 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 262.0 million increase in deposits during 2022 is due to growth in savings and interest bearing checking deposits, time deposits, reciprocal deposits and brokered time deposits. Reciprocal deposits totaled 602.6 million and 586.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These deposits represent demand, money market and time deposits from our customers that have been placed through the IntraFi Network (formerly Promontory Interfinancial Network s Insured Cash Sweep service and Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ). This service allows our customers to access multi-million dollar FDIC deposit insurance on deposit balances greater than the standard FDIC insurance maximum. The increase in reciprocal deposits is due in part to sales efforts of our treasury management team. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain our current level of core deposits. In particular, those deposits that are uninsured may be susceptible to outflow. At December 31, 2022, we had an estimated 1.03 billion of uninsured deposits. A reduction in core deposits would likely increase our need to rely on wholesale funding sources. 
 We have also implemented strategies that incorporate using federal funds purchased, other borrowings and Brokered CDs to fund a portion of our interest-earning assets. The use of such alternate sources of funds supplements our core deposits and is also a part of our asset/liability management efforts. Other borrowings, comprised primarily of borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank ("FRB") and advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB ), totaled 86.0 million and 30.0 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As described above, we utilize wholesale funding, including federal funds purchased, FRB and FHLB borrowings and Brokered CDs to augment our core deposits and fund a portion of our assets. At December 31, 2022, our use of such wholesale funding sources (including reciprocal deposits) amounted to approximately 900.5 million, or 20.2 of total funding (deposits and total borrowings, excluding subordinated debt and debentures). Because wholesale funding sources are affected by general market conditions, the availability of such funding may be dependent on the confidence these sources have in our financial condition and operations. The continued availability to us of these funding sources is not certain, and Brokered CDs may be difficult for us to retain or replace at attractive rates as they mature. Our liquidity may be constrained if we are unable to renew our wholesale funding sources or if adequate financing is not available in the future at acceptable rates of interest or at all. Our financial performance could also be affected if we are unable to maintain our access to funding sources or if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources. In such case, our net interest income and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We have historically employed derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we entered into 94.2 million, 79.0 million and 16.7 million (original aggregate notional amounts), respectively, of interest rate swaps with commercial loan customers, which were offset with interest rate swaps that the Bank entered into with a broker-dealer. We recorded 1.42 million, 0.81 million and 0.26 million of fee income related to these transactions during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We entered into 41.0 million, 106.9 million, and 42.0 million (notional amounts) of certain derivative financial instruments (pay fixed interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements) to hedge the fair value of municipal bond securities in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Liquidity and capital resources. Liquidity risk is the risk of being unable to timely meet obligations as they come due at a reasonable funding cost or without incurring unacceptable losses. Our liquidity management involves the measurement and monitoring of a variety of sources and uses of funds. Our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows categorize these sources and uses into operating, investing and financing activities. We primarily focus our liquidity management on maintaining adequate levels of liquid assets (primarily funds on deposit with the FRB and certain securities available for sale) as well as developing access to a variety of borrowing sources to supplement our deposit gathering activities and provide funds for purchasing securities available for sale or originating Portfolio Loans as well as to be able to respond to unforeseen liquidity needs. 
 Our primary sources of funds include our deposit base, secured advances from the FHLB, federal funds purchased, borrowing facilities with other commercial banks, and access to the capital markets (for Brokered CDs). 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 TIME DEPOSITS (1) 
 The following table summarizes time deposits in amounts less than 250,000 and in amounts of 250,000 or more, by time remaining until maturity at December 31, 2022: 
 Less than 250,000 Greater than 250,000 Total (In thousands) Three months or less 269,547 24,879 294,426 Over three through six months 70,319 24,816 95,135 Over six months through one year 98,982 21,096 120,078 Over one year 58,427 12,155 70,582 Total 497,275 82,946 580,221 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Includes time deposits, brokered time deposits and reciprocal time deposits 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 509.6 million of time deposits (see note #8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) that mature in the next 12 months. Historically, a majority of these maturing time deposits are renewed by our customers. Additionally, 3.85 billion of our deposits at December 31, 2022, were in account types from which the customer could withdraw the funds on demand. Changes in the balances of deposits that can be withdrawn upon demand are usually predictable and the total balances of these accounts have generally grown or have been stable over time as a result of our marketing and promotional activities. However, there can be no assurance that historical patterns of renewing time deposits or overall growth or stability in deposits will continue in the future. 
 We have developed contingency funding plans that stress test our liquidity needs that may arise from certain events such as an adverse change in our financial metrics (for example, credit quality or regulatory capital ratios). Our liquidity management also includes periodic monitoring that measures quick assets (defined generally as highly liquid or short-term assets) to total assets, short-term liability dependence and basic surplus (defined as quick assets less volatile liabilities to total assets). Policy limits have been established for our various liquidity measurements and are monitored on a quarterly basis. In addition, we also prepare cash flow forecasts that include a variety of different scenarios. 
 We believe that we currently have adequate liquidity at our Bank because of our cash and cash equivalents, our portfolio of securities available for sale, our access to secured advances from the FHLB, and our ability to issue Brokered CDs. 
 We also believe that the available cash on hand at the parent company (including time deposits) of approximately 50.5 million as of December 31, 2022, provides sufficient liquidity resources at the parent company to meet operating expenses, to make interest payments on our subordinated debt and debentures and to pay a cash dividend on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 In the normal course of business we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations include requirements to make future payments on debt and lease arrangements, contractual commitments for capital expenditures, and service contracts. 
 Effective management of capital resources is critical to our mission to create value for our shareholders. In addition to common stock, our capital structure also currently includes subordinated debt and cumulative trust preferred securities. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITALIZATION 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Subordinated debt 39,433 39,357 Subordinated debentures 39,660 39,592 Amount not qualifying as regulatory capital (657) (581) Amount qualifying as regulatory capital 78,436 78,368 Shareholders equity Common stock 320,991 323,401 Retained earnings 119,368 74,582 Accumulated other comprehensive income (92,763) 501 Total shareholders equity 347,596 398,484 Total capitalization 426,032 476,852 
 In May 2020, we issued 40.0 million of fixed to floating subordinated notes with a ten year maturity and a five year call option. The initial coupon rate is 5.95 fixed for five years and then floats at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 5.825 . These notes are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition under the caption Subordinated debt and the December 31, 2022 and 2021 balances of 39.4 million and 39.4 million, respectively, is net of remaining unamortized deferred issuance costs that are being amortized through the maturity date into interest expense on other borrowings and subordinated debt and debentures in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 We currently have four special purpose entities with 39.7 million of outstanding cumulative trust preferred securities. These special purpose entities issued common securities and provided cash to our parent company that in turn issued subordinated debentures to these special purpose entities equal to the trust preferred securities and common securities. The subordinated debentures represent the sole asset of the special purpose entities. The common securities and subordinated debentures are included in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Federal Reserve has issued rules regarding trust preferred securities as a component of the Tier 1 capital of bank holding companies. The aggregate amount of trust preferred securities (and certain other capital elements) is limited to 25 of Tier 1 capital elements, net of goodwill (net of any associated deferred tax liability). The amount of trust preferred securities and certain other elements in excess of the limit can be included in Tier 2 capital, subject to restrictions. Although the Dodd-Frank Act further limited Tier 1 treatment for trust preferred securities, those new limits did not apply to our outstanding trust preferred securities. Further, the capital rules allow for the treatment of our trust preferred securities as qualifying regulatory capital. 
 Common shareholders equity decreased to 347.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 398.5 million at December 31, 2021, due primarily to the change in our accumulated other comprehensive income (due primarily to a change in the fair value of securities AFS), share repurchases and dividends that we paid which were partially offset by our net income. Our tangible common equity TCE totaled 316.7 million and 366.8 million, respectively, at those same dates. Our ratio of TCE to tangible assets was 6.37 and 7.85 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. TCE and the ratio of TCE to tangible assets are non-GAAP measures. TCE represents total common equity less intangible assets. (See Securities. 
 In December 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the 2023 share repurchase plan. Under the terms of the 2023 share repurchase plan, we are authorized to buy back up to 1,100,000 shares, or approximately 5 , of our outstanding common stock. This repurchase plan commenced on January 1, 2023, and is expected to last through December 31, 2023. 
 In December 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the 2022 share repurchase plan. Under the original terms of the share repurchase plan, we were authorized to buy back 1,100,000 shares, or approximately 5 of our outstanding common stock. The share repurchase plan expired on December 31, 2022. We repurchased 181,586 shares during 2022 at an average cost of 22.08 per share. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We currently pay a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock. The annual total dividends paid were 0.88, 0.84 and 0.80 per share for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We currently favor a dividend payout ratio between 30 and 50 of net income. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Bank (and holding company) continued to meet the requirements to be considered well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards (also see note #20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 Asset/liability management. Interest-rate risk is created by differences in the cash flow characteristics of our assets and liabilities. Options embedded in certain financial instruments, including caps on adjustable-rate loans as well as borrowers rights to prepay fixed-rate loans, also create interest-rate risk. 
 Our asset/liability management efforts identify and evaluate opportunities to structure our statement of financial condition in a manner that is consistent with our mission to maintain profitable financial leverage within established risk parameters. We evaluate various opportunities and alternate asset/liability management strategies carefully and consider the likely impact on our risk profile as well as the anticipated contribution to earnings. The marginal cost of funds is a principal consideration in the implementation of our asset/liability management strategies, but such evaluations further consider interest-rate and liquidity risk as well as other pertinent factors. We have established parameters for interest-rate risk. We regularly monitor our interest-rate risk and report at least quarterly to our board of directors. 
 We employ simulation analyses to monitor our interest-rate risk profile and evaluate potential changes in our net interest income and market value of portfolio equity that result from changes in interest rates. The purpose of these simulations is to identify sources of interest-rate risk inherent in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The simulations do not anticipate any actions that we might initiate in response to changes in interest rates and, accordingly, the simulations do not provide a reliable forecast of anticipated results. The simulations are predicated on immediate, permanent and parallel shifts in interest rates and generally assume that current loan and deposit pricing relationships remain constant. The simulations further incorporate assumptions relating to changes in customer behavior, including changes in prepayment rates on certain assets and liabilities. During 2022, both our interest rate risk profile as measured by our short term earnings simulation and our longer term interest rate risk measure based on changes in economic value indicates more exposure to higher rates and less exposure to lower rates. The shift is due to a combination of higher asset duration and lower liability duration. On the asset side, duration increased due to growth in portfolio mortgage loans combined with lower cash and security AFS and HTM balances. On the liability side duration declined as the majority of earning asset growth was funded with short duration wholesale funding. We are carefully monitoring the change in the composition of our balance sheet and the impact of potential future changes in interest rates on our changes in market value of portfolio equity and changes in net interest income. As a result, we may add some longer-term borrowings, may utilize derivatives (interest rate swaps and interest rate caps) to manage interest rate risk and may continue to sell some portfolio mortgage loans in the future. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 CHANGES IN MARKET VALUE OF PORTFOLIO EQUITY AND NET INTEREST INCOME 
 Change in Interest Rates Market 
 Value of 
 Portfolio 
 Equity (1) 
 Percent Change Net 
 Interest 
 Income (2) 
 Percent Change (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 200 basis point rise 457,800 (15.86) 165,800 (0.90) 100 basis point rise 500,700 (7.98) 167,000 (0.18) Base-rate scenario 544,100 167,300 100 basis point decline 586,400 7.77 166,600 (0.42) 200 basis point decline 608,800 11.89 164,000 (1.97) December 31, 2021 200 basis point rise 514,200 (5.86) 137,800 3.30 100 basis point rise 550,900 0.86 136,800 2.55 Base-rate scenario 546,200 133,400 100 basis point decline 473,000 (13.40) 126,700 (5.02) 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Simulation analyses calculate the change in the net present value of our assets and liabilities, including debt and related financial derivative instruments, under parallel shifts in interest rates by discounting the estimated future cash flows using a market-based discount rate. Cash flow estimates incorporate anticipated changes in prepayment speeds and other embedded options. 
 (2) Simulation analyses calculate the change in net interest income under immediate parallel shifts in interest rates over the next twelve months, based upon a static Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition, which includes debt and related financial derivative instruments, and do not consider loan fees. 
 Accounting Standards Update. See note #1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for details on recently issued accounting pronouncements and their impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 FAIR VALUATION OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC topic 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures FASB ASC topic 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 
 We utilize fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain financial instruments and to determine fair value disclosures. FASB ASC topic 820 differentiates between those assets and liabilities required to be carried at fair value at every reporting period recurring and those assets and liabilities that are only required to be adjusted to fair value under certain circumstances nonrecurring ). Securities available for sale, loans held for sale, derivatives and capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights are financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, we may be required to record at fair value other financial assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as loans held for investment and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets. See note #21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete discussion on our use of fair valuation of financial instruments and the related measurement techniques. 
 
 LITIGATION MATTERS 
 We are involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. At the present time, we do not believe any of these matters will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. The aggregate amount we have accrued for losses we consider probable as a result of these litigation matters is immaterial. However, because of the inherent uncertainty of outcomes from any litigation matter, we believe it is reasonably possible 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 we may incur losses in addition to the amounts we have accrued. At this time, we estimate the maximum amount of additional losses that are reasonably possible is insignificant. However, because of a number of factors, including the fact that certain of these litigation matters are still in their early stages, this maximum amount may change in the future. 
 The litigation matters described in the preceding paragraph primarily include claims that have been brought against us for damages, but do not include litigation matters where we seek to collect amounts owed to us by third parties (such as litigation initiated to collect delinquent loans). These excluded, collection-related matters may involve claims or counterclaims by the opposing party or parties, however we have excluded such matters from the disclosure contained in the preceding paragraph in all cases where we believe the possibility of us paying damages to any opposing party is remote. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and conform to general practices within the banking industry. Accounting and reporting policies for the ACL and capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights are deemed critical since they involve the use of estimates and require significant management judgments. Application of assumptions different than those that we have used could result in material changes in our financial position or results of operations. 
 Our methodology for determining the ACL and related provision for credit losses is described above in Portfolio Loans and asset quality. In particular, this area of accounting requires a significant amount of judgment because a multitude of factors can influence the ultimate collection of a loan or other type of credit. It is extremely difficult to precisely measure the amount of expected credit losses in our loan portfolio. We use a rigorous process to attempt to accurately quantify the necessary ACL and related provision for credit losses, but there can be no assurance that our modeling process will successfully identify all of the expected credit losses in our loan portfolio. As a result, we could record future provisions for credit losses that may be significantly different than the levels that we recorded in prior periods. See also notes #1 and #4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report for further discussion on CECL. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 42.5 million and 26.2 million, respectively, of mortgage loan servicing rights capitalized on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The fair value of our mortgage loan servicing rights has been determined based on a valuation model used by an independent third party. There are several critical assumptions involved in establishing the value of this asset including estimated future prepayment speeds on the underlying mortgage loans, the interest rate used to discount the net cash flows from the mortgage loan servicing, the estimated amount of ancillary income that will be received in the future (such as late fees) and the estimated cost to service the mortgage loans. We believe the assumptions that we utilize in our valuation are reasonable based upon accepted industry practices for valuing mortgage loan servicing rights and represent neither the most conservative or aggressive assumptions. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER 
 FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of Independent Bank Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to us and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their report immediately follows our report. 

William B. Kessel 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Gavin A. Mohr Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Independent Bank Corporation March 3, 2023 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Independent Bank Corporation 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Independent Bank Corporation (the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Corporation has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2021 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASC 326 ). The Corporation adopted the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. Certain aspects of the application of the new credit loss standard are communicated as a critical audit matter below. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Corporation s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s financial statements and an opinion on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) for loans Subjective Factors 
 
 Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 On January 1, 2021 adoption date ), the Corporation adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) under a modified retrospective approach, which required the Corporation to estimate expected credit losses for its financial assets carried at amortized cost utilizing the current expected credit loss CECL methodology. The ACL under the CECL methodology is a significant estimate recorded within the Corporation s financial statements with a reported balance for loans of 52.4 million as of December 31, 2022. The ACL model for loans consists of three components: 1) the specific analysis of individually evaluated loans; 2) pooled analysis of loans with similar risk characteristics based on historical experience using a discounted cash flow model, adjusted for current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts and expected prepayments; and 3) additional allowances based on subjective factors. 
 
 The subjective factors include consideration of the following: local and general economic business factors and trends, portfolio concentrations and changes in the size, and/or the general terms of the overall loan portfolio. Due to the significant judgment applied by management to determine the effect of the subjective factors, we identified the effect of the subjective factors on the ACL for loans as a critical audit matter as it involved a high degree of auditor judgment and required significant audit effort, including the need to involve more experienced audit personnel. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the effectiveness of controls over the subjective factors used in the ACL calculation including controls addressing: 
 Management s review of the reasonableness of the significant assumptions applied in the development of the subjective factors and the relevance to the loan segment to which they are applied. 
 Mathematical accuracy of the subjective factors applied to the loan segments in the ACL calculation. 
 Substantively testing management s determination of the subjective factors used in the ACL estimate, including: 
 Testing management s process for developing the subjective factors, which included assessing the relevance and reliability of data used to develop the subjective factors, including evaluating their 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 judgments and assumptions for reasonableness. Among other procedures, our evaluation considered evidence from internal and external sources. 
 Analytically evaluating the subjective factors for directional consistency, testing for reasonableness, and obtaining evidence for significant changes. 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the subjective factors applied to the loan segments in the ACL calculation. 

We have served as the Corporation s auditor since 2005. 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 42 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except share 
 amounts) 
 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits Cash and Cash Equivalents Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity (fair value of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock, at cost Loans held for sale, carried at fair value Loans held for sale, carried at lower of cost or fair value Loans Commercial Mortgage Installment Total Loans Allowance for credit losses 
 ) ) Net Loans Other real estate and repossessed assets, net Property and equipment, net Bank-owned life insurance Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights, carried at fair value Other intangibles Goodwill Accrued income and other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Deposits Non-interest bearing Savings and interest-bearing checking Reciprocal Time Brokered time Total Deposits Other borrowings Subordinated debt Subordinated debentures Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Shareholders Equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 INTEREST INCOME Interest and fees on loans Interest on securities Taxable Tax-exempt Other investments Total Interest Income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Other borrowings and subordinated debt and debentures Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision for credit losses (1) ) Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses NON-INTEREST INCOME Interchange income Service charges on deposit accounts Net gains (losses) on assets Mortgage loans Securities available for sale ) Mortgage loan servicing, net ) Other Total Non-interest Income NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Compensation and employee benefits Data processing Occupancy, net Interchange expense Furniture, fixtures and equipment Communications Loan and collection FDIC deposit insurance Legal and professional Advertising Costs related to unfunded lending commitments Conversion related expense Other Total Non-interest Expense Income Before Income Tax Income tax expense Net Income Net income per common share Basic Diluted 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) 
 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Securities available for sale Unrealized gain (loss) arising during period ) ) Change in unrealized gains and losses for which a portion of other than temporary impairment has been recognized in earnings ) Net unrealized loss at time of transfer on securities available for sale transferred to held to maturity ) Accretion of net unrealized losses on securities transferred to held to maturity Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in earnings ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) on securities available for sale ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) on securities available for sale, net of tax ) ) Derivative instruments Unrealized losses arising during period ) Reclassification adjustment for expense recognized in earnings Unrealized gains recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) on derivative instruments Income tax expense Unrealized gains recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Retained Earnings Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Balances at January 1, 2020 ) Net income for 2020 Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Repurchase of shares of common stock 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock 
 Share based compensation (issuance of shares of common stock) 
 Share based compensation withholding obligation (withholding of shares of common stock) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Balances at December 31, 2020 Adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020, as adjusted Net income for 2021 Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Repurchase of shares of common stock 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock 
 Share based compensation (issuance of shares of common stock) 
 Balances at Share based compensation withholding obligation (withholding of shares of common stock) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 Net income for 2022 Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Repurchase of shares of common stock 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock 
 Share based compensation (issuance of shares of common stock) 
 Share based compensation withholding obligation (withholding of shares of common stock) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) 
 Net Income ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET INCOME TO NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Disbursements for loans held for sale ) ) ) Provision for credit losses (1) ) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net deferred loan fees (costs) ) ) Net depreciation, amortization of intangible assets and premiums and accretion of discounts on securities, loans and interest bearing deposits - time Net gains on mortgage loans ) ) ) Net (gains) losses on securities available for sale ) ) Share based compensation Increase in accrued income and other assets ) ) ) Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Adjustments Net Cash From Operating Activities CASH FLOW USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from the sale of securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities, prepayments and calls of securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities, prepayments and calls of securities held to maturity Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) ) Purchases of securities held to maturity ) Proceeds from the maturity of interest bearing deposits - time Proceeds from the redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Net increase in portfolio loans (loans originated, net of principal payments) ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of portfolio loans Proceeds from the sale of other real estate and repossessed assets Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Capital expenditures ) ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) ) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase in total deposits Net increase (decrease) in other borrowings ) ) Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances Payments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt, net of issuance costs Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Share based compensation withholding obligation ) ) ) Net Cash From Financing Activities Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year Cash paid during the year for Interest Income taxes Transfers to other real estate and repossessed assets Transfer of securities available for sale to held to maturity Transfer of mortgage loans to held for sale Securitization of portfolio loans Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Purchase of securities available for sale not yet settled 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 
 of our Bank s loan portfolio was secured by real estate. 

single unit. Discrete financial information is not available other than on a consolidated basis for material lines of business. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively to HTM. See note #3 for further discussion of this transfer. We did not have any equity securities or trading securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and did not have any securities HTM at December 31, 2021. Securities AFS represent those securities not classified as equity, trading or held to maturity and are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes reported in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 Securities AFS in unrealized loss positions are evaluated quarterly for impairment related to credit losses. For securities AFS in an unrealized loss position, we first assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For securities AFS that do not meet this criteria, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, we consider the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, adverse conditions specifically related to the security and the issuer and the impact of changes in market interest rates on the market value of the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, we compare the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses ("ACL") is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an ACL is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. 
 The ACL on securities HTM is a contra asset valuation account that is deducted from the carrying amount of securities HTM to present the net amount expected to be collected. Securities HTM are charged off against the ACL when deemed uncollectible. Adjustments to the ACL are reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in provision for credit losses. We measure expected credit losses on securities HTM on a collective basis by major security type with each type sharing similar risk characteristics, and considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Accrued interest receivable on securities HTM is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. With regard to U.S. Government-sponsored agency and mortgage-backed securities (residential and commercial), all these securities are issued by a U.S. government-sponsored entity and have an implicit or explicit government guarantee; therefore, allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. With regard to obligations of states and political subdivisions, private label-mortgage-backed, corporate and trust preferred securities HTM, we consider (1) issuer bond ratings, (2) historical loss rates for given bond ratings, (3) the financial condition of the issuer, and (4) whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. 
 Gains and losses realized on the sale of securities available for sale are determined using the specific identification method and are recognized on a trade-date basis. 

49 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 days past due for commercial loans and installment loans and when a loan misses consecutive payments for mortgage loans and the borrower s capacity to repay the loan and collateral values appear insufficient for each loan class. However, loans may be placed on non-accrual status regardless of whether or not such loans are considered past due if, in management s opinion, the borrower is unable to meet payment obligations as they become due or as required by regulatory provisions. All interest accrued but not received for all loans placed on non-accrual is reversed from interest income. Payments on such loans are generally applied to the principal balance until qualifying to be returned to accrual status. A non-accrual loan may be restored to accrual status when interest and principal payments are current and the loan appears otherwise collectible. Delinquency status for all classes in the commercial and installment loan portfolio segments is based on the actual number of days past due as required by the contractual terms of the loan agreement while delinquency status for mortgage loan portfolio segment classes is based on the number of payments past due. 
 Certain loan fees and direct loan origination costs are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of yield generally over the contractual life of the related loan. Fees received in connection with loan commitments are deferred until the loan is advanced and are then recognized generally over the contractual life of the loan as an adjustment of yield. Fees on commitments that expire unused are recognized at expiration. Fees received for letters of credit are recognized as revenue over the life of the commitment. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years and equipment is generally depreciated over periods not exceeding years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful life or lease period. 
 lives (who were salaried employees at the time we purchased the contract) in order to recover the cost of providing certain employee benefits. Bank owned life insurance is recorded at its cash surrender value or the amount that can be currently realized. 
 
 to years. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

53 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the dividend reinvestment plan and million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under our long-term incentive plans. 

These new ASUs provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. Entities can elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. Entities that make such elections would not have to remeasure contracts at the modification date or reassess a previous accounting determination. Entities can elect various optional expedients that would allow them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. 
 We have formed a cross-functional project team to lead this transition from LIBOR to a planned adoption of reference rates which could include Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), among others. We utilized the timeline guidance published by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee to develop and achieve internal milestones during this transitional period. We had discontinued the use of new LIBOR-based loans as of December 31, 2021, according to regulatory guidelines. We also discontinued the use of new LIBOR-based interest rate derivatives as of December 31, 2021. The amended guidance under Topic 848 and our ability to elect its temporary optional expedients and exceptions are effective for us through December 31, 2024. We expect to adopt the LIBOR transition relief allowed under this standard. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 
 . Prior to that time our Bank was required to maintain reserve balances in the form of vault cash and balances with the FRB. The average reserve balances to be maintained during 2022 and 2021 were . We do not maintain compensating balances with correspondent banks. We may also be required to maintain reserve balances related to certain mortgage banking related derivatives not classified as hedges. These balances are held at unrelated financial institutions and totaled million and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 3 
 U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Other asset backed Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Trust preferred Total 2021 U.S. agency U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Other asset backed Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Trust preferred Foreign government Total 

56 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Trust preferred Total 
 (1) Represents the remaining unrealized loss to be accreted on securities that were transferred from AFS to HTM on April 1, 2022. 

57 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively to HTM. The transfer was made at fair value, with the unrealized loss becoming part of the purchase discount which will be accreted over the remaining life of the securities. The other comprehensive loss component is separated from the remaining available for sale securities and is accreted over the remaining life of the securities transferred. We have the ability and intent to hold these securities until they mature, at which time we expect to receive full value for these securities. 
 U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Other asset backed Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Trust preferred Total 2021 U.S. agency U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Other asset backed Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Trust preferred Total 
 Securities AFS in unrealized loss positions are evaluated quarterly for impairment related to credit losses. For securities AFS in an unrealized loss position, we first assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For securities AFS that do not meet this criteria, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, we consider the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, adverse conditions specifically related to the security and the issuer and the impact of changes in market interest rates on the market value of the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, we compare the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ACL for securities AFS was needed at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest receivable on securities AFS of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively is excluded from the estimate of credit losses and is included in accrued income and other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 U.S. agency, U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed and U.S. agency commercial mortgage backed securities at December 31, 2022, we had U.S. agency, U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed and U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed securities whose fair value is less than amortized cost. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major credit rating agencies, and have a long history of no credit losses. The unrealized losses are largely attributed to widening spreads to Treasury bonds and/or an increase in interest rates since acquisition. 
 Private label mortgage backed, other asset backed and corporate securities at December 31, 2022, we had private label mortgage backed, other asset backed, and corporate securities whose fair value is less than amortized cost. The unrealized losses are primarily due to credit spread widening and/or an increase in interest rates since acquisition. 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions at December 31, 2022, we had municipal securities whose fair value is less than amortized cost. The unrealized losses are primarily due to an increase in interest rates since acquisition. 
 Trust preferred securities at December 31, 2022, we had trust preferred security whose fair value is less than amortized cost. This trust preferred securities is a single issue security issued by a trust subsidiary of a bank holding company. The pricing of trust preferred securities has suffered from credit spread widening. This security is rated by a major rating agency as investment grade. 
 At December 31, 2022 management does not intend to liquidate any of the securities discussed above and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of these unrealized losses. 
 We recorded credit related charges in our Consolidated Statements of Operations related to securities available for sale during 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 The ACL on securities HTM is a contra asset valuation account that is deducted from the carrying amount of securities HTM to present the net amount expected to be collected. Securities HTM are charged off against the ACL when deemed uncollectible. Adjustments to the ACL are reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in provision for credit losses. We measure expected credit losses on securities HTM on a collective basis by major security type with each type sharing similar risk characteristics, and considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Accrued interest receivable on securities HTM of million at December 31, 2022, is excluded from the estimate of credit losses and is included in accrued income and other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. With regard to U.S. Government-sponsored agency and mortgage-backed securities (residential and commercial), all these securities are issued by a U.S. government-sponsored entity and have an implicit or explicit government guarantee; therefore, allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. With regard to obligations of states and political subdivisions, private label-mortgage-backed, corporate and trust preferred securities HTM, we consider (1) issuer bond ratings, (2) historical loss rates for given bond ratings, (3) the financial condition of the issuer, and (4) whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. Historical loss rates associated with securities having similar grades as those in our portfolio have been insignificant. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, there were no past due principal and interest payments associated with these securities. An allowance for credit losses of was recorded on non U.S. agency securities HTM based on applying the long-term historical credit loss rate, as published by Moody s, for similarly rated securities. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 AA A BBB Non-rated Total 
 Additions (deductions) Provision for credit losses Recoveries credited to the allowance Securities HTM charged against the allowance Balance at end of period 
 Maturing after one year but within five years Maturing after five years but within ten years Maturing after ten years U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Other asset backed Total 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2021 2020 
 Securities available for sale with a book value of million at December 31, 2021, were pledged to secure borrowings, derivatives, public deposits and for other purposes as required by law. There were securities available for sale pledged at December 31, 2022. There were no investment obligations of state and political subdivisions that were payable from or secured by the same source of revenue or taxing authority that exceeded of consolidated total shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 Commercial real estate Total commercial Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Total mortgage Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total installment Total loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net Loans 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During 2022, we sold million of portfolio residential fixed rate and adjustable rate mortgage loans servicing retained and recognized a gain on sale of million. During 2021, we sold million of portfolio residential fixed rate mortgage loans servicing retained into the secondary market and recognized a gain on sale of million. During 2020, we sold million of residential adjustable rate mortgage loans servicing released to another financial institution and recognized a gain on sale of million. We also securitized million of portfolio residential fixed rate mortgage loans servicing retained with Freddie Mac and recognized a gain on sale of million. These loan sale transactions were done primarily for asset/liability management purposes. 
 Additions (deductions) Provision for credit losses ) Recoveries credited to allowance Loans charged against the allowance ) ) ) Balance at end of period 2021 Balance at beginning of period Additions (deductions) Impact of adoption of CECL ) Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Initial allowance on loans purchased with credit deterioration Recoveries credited to allowance Loans charged against the allowance ) ) ) Balance at end of period 2020 Balance at beginning of period Additions (deductions) Provision for credit losses (1) ) Recoveries credited to allowance Loans charged against the allowance ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 (1) Beginning January 1, 2021, calculation is based on CECL methodology. Prior to January 1, 2021, calculation was based on the probable incurred loss methodology. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Mortgage Installment Subjective allocation Total 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo (2) 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total Accrued interest excluded from total 2021 Commercial Commercial and industrial (1) Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo (2) 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total Accrued interest excluded from total 
 
 (1) Non-performing commercial and industrial loans exclude million and million of government guaranteed loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (2) Non-performing 1-4 family owner occupied non jumbo loans exclude million and million of government guaranteed loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, million and million of interest income would have been recognized in each of the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income recorded on these loans was approximately during each of the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The following table provides collateral information by class of loan for collateral-dependent loans with a specific reserve. A loan is considered to be collateral dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of collateral. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total Accrued interest excluded from total 2021 Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total Accrued interest excluded from total 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total 
 Accrued interest excluded from total 2021 Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total Accrued interest excluded from total 

67 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other With an ACL recorded: Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total 
 (1) Beginning January 1, 2021, calculation is based on CECL methodology. Prior to January 1, 2021, calculation was based on the probable incurred loss methodology. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Non-performing TDR s (2) (3) 
 Total 
 2021 Commercial Retail (1) Total (In thousands) Performing TDR s Non-performing TDR s (2) (3) 
 Total 
 _____________________________________________ 
 (1) Retail loans include mortgage and installment loan portfolio segments. 
 (2) Included in non-performing loans table above. 
 (3) Also includes loans on non-accrual at the time of modification until payments are received on a timely basis. 
 
 We have allocated million and million of reserves to customers whose loan terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have committed to lend additional amounts totaling up to million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings. 
 The terms of certain loans have been modified as troubled debt restructurings and generally included one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan; an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate for a new loan with similar risk; or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment in the loan. 
 Modifications involving a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan have generally been for periods ranging from months to months but have extended to as much as months in certain circumstances. Modifications involving an extension of the maturity date have generally been for periods ranging from month to months but have extended to as much as months in certain circumstances. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total 
 Number of Contracts Pre-modification Recorded Balance Post-modification Recorded Balance (Dollars in thousands) 2020 Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - jumbo 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other Total 
 (1) There were TDR modifications during the year ended December 31, 2021 . The loan modifications during 2020 in the table above did not qualify for relief from TDR accounting under the CARES Act. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively and resulted in charge offs of during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. 
 A loan is generally considered to be in payment default once it is days contractually past due under the modified terms for commercial loans and installment loans and when consecutive payments are missed for mortgage loans. 
 There were troubled debt restructurings that subsequently defaulted within twelve months following modification during 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 The terms of certain other loans were modified during the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 that did not meet the definition of a troubled debt restructuring. The modification of these loans could have included modification of the terms of a loan to borrowers who were not experiencing financial difficulties or a delay in a payment that was considered to be insignificant. 
 In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, we perform an evaluation of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under our internal underwriting policy. 
 Paycheck Protection Program PPP due to COVID-19 - The 2020 CARES Act included a loan program administered through the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA referred to as the PPP. Under the PPP, small businesses and other entities and individuals could apply for loans, subject to numerous limitations and eligibility criteria. We were a participating lender in the PPP. The PPP opened on April 3, 2020 providing American small businesses with cash-flow assistance through 100 federally guaranteed loans through the SBA. The PPP initially closed on August 8, 2020 Round 1 ). In December, 2020, additional funding was allocated for the PPP Round 2 ), whose loans were also eligible for forgiveness. Round 2 closed on May 31, 2021. 
 PPP loans are included in the commercial and industrial class of the commercial loan portfolio segment. As these loans are 100 guaranteed through the SBA the allowance for credit losses recorded on these loans is . There were PPP loans and unaccreted fees outstanding at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021 there were PPP loans outstanding with a total principal balance of million and of unaccreted net fees outstanding. PPP loans funded totaled , million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest and fees on loans in our consolidated statement of operations includes million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively related to the accretion of net loan fees on PPP loans. 
 Credit Quality Indicators As part of our on-going monitoring of the credit quality of our loan portfolios, we track certain credit quality indicators including (a) risk grade of commercial loans, (b) the level of classified commercial loans, (c) credit scores of mortgage and installment loan borrowers, and (d) delinquency history and non-performing loans. 
 For commercial loans, we use a loan rating system that is similar to those employed by state and federal banking regulators. Loans are graded on a scale of 1 to 12. A description of the general characteristics of the ratings follows: 
 Rating 1 through 6 : These loans are generally referred to as our non-watch commercial credits that include very high or exceptional credit fundamentals through acceptable credit fundamentals. 
 Rating 7 and 8 : These loans are generally referred to as our watch commercial credits. These ratings include loans to borrowers that exhibit potential credit weakness or downward trends. If not checked or cured these trends could weaken our asset or credit position. While potentially weak, no loss of principal or interest is envisioned with these ratings. 
 Rating 9 : These loans are generally referred to as our substandard accruing commercial credits. This rating includes loans to borrowers that exhibit a well-defined weakness where payment default is probable and loss is possible if deficiencies are not corrected. Generally, loans with this rating are considered collectible as to both principal and interest primarily due to collateral coverage. 
 Rating 10 and 11 : These loans are generally referred to as our substandard - non-accrual and doubtful commercial credits. These ratings include loans to borrowers with weaknesses that make collection of debt in full, on the 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Watch (7-8) Substandard Accrual (9) Non-Accrual (10-11) Total Accrued interest excluded from total Commercial real estate Non-watch (1-6) Watch (7-8) Substandard Accrual (9) Non-Accrual (10-11) Total Accrued interest excluded from total Total Commercial Non-watch (1-6) Watch (7-8) Substandard Accrual (9) Non-Accrual (10-11) Total Accrued interest excluded from total 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Watch (7-8) Substandard Accrual (9) Non-Accrual (10-11) Total Accrued interest excluded from total Commercial real estate Non-watch (1-6) Watch (7-8) Substandard Accrual (9) Non-Accrual (10-11) Total Accrued interest excluded from total Total Commercial Non-watch (1-6) Watch (7-8) Substandard Accrual (9) Non-Accrual (10-11) Total Accrued interest excluded from total 

73 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 1-4 family non-owner occupied 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 1-4 family - 2nd lien 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Total Mortgage 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 1-4 family non-owner occupied 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 1-4 family - 2nd lien 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 

76 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Total Mortgage 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 
 (1) Credit scores have been updated within the last twelve months. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Recreational vehicle lending 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Other 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Total installment 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 

78 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Recreational vehicle lending 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Other 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total Total installment 800 and above 750-799 700-749 650-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 Under 500 Unknown Total Accrued interest excluded from total 
 (1) Credit scores have been updated within the last twelve months. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Freddie Mac Ginnie Mae FHLB Other Total 
 Custodial deposit accounts maintained in connection with mortgage loans serviced for others totaled million and million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 If we do not remain well capitalized for regulatory purposes (see note #20), meet certain minimum capital levels or certain profitability requirements or if we incur a rapid decline in net worth, we could lose our ability to sell and/or service loans to these investors. This could impact our ability to generate net gains on mortgage loans and generate servicing income. A forced liquidation of our servicing portfolio could also impact the value that could be recovered on this asset. Fannie Mae has the most stringent eligibility requirements covering capital levels, profitability and decline in net worth. Fannie Mae requires seller/servicers to be well capitalized for regulatory purposes. For the profitability requirement, we cannot record or more consecutive quarterly losses and experience a decline in net worth over the same period. Our net worth cannot decline by more than in one quarter or more than over two consecutive quarters. 
 Originated servicing rights capitalized Change in fair value due to price ) Change in fair value due to pay downs ) ) ) Balance at end of year Loans sold and serviced that have had servicing rights capitalized 
 Fair value of capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights was determined using an average coupon rate of , average servicing fee of , average discount rate of and an average Public Securities Association PSA prepayment rate of for December 31, 2022; and average coupon rate of , average servicing fee of , average discount rate of and an average PSA prepayment rate of for December 31, 2021. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 5 
 Loans transferred to other real estate Sales of other real estate ) ) ) Additions to valuation allowance charged to expense ) ) Balance at end of year, net of valuation allowance 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) Table excludes other repossessed assets totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Additions charged to expense Direct write-downs upon sale ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of other real estate includes million and million, respectively of foreclosed residential real estate properties. Retail mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process according to local requirements totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other real estate and repossessed assets totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are presented net of the valuation allowance on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Buildings Equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 7 
 Unamortized intangible assets - goodwill 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank (our reporting unit) had positive equity and elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Bank exceeds its carrying value, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Bank exceeded its carrying value, resulting in no impairment. 
 Intangible amortization expense was million, million and million during the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 8 
 Reciprocal Time Brokered time Total 
 Aggregate time deposits in denominations of million or more amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 (1) Includes time deposits, brokered time deposits and reciprocal time deposits 
 Reciprocal deposits represent demand, money market and time deposits from our customers that have been placed through IntraFi Network. This service allows our customers to access multi-million dollar FDIC deposit insurance on deposit balances greater than the standard FDIC insurance maximum. 
 Money market Time Total 
 
 NOTE 9 
 Advances from the FHLB Other Total 
 Borrowings with the FRB at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and , respectively. These borrowings contractually mature in 2023 and have an average interest rate of . Average borrowings with the FRB during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, and million, respectively. We had unused borrowing capacity with the FRB (subject to the FRB s credit requirements and policies) of million at December 31, 2022. Collateral for FRB borrowings are certain commercial and installment loans. Interest expense on borrowings with the FRB amounted to million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Advances from the FHLB are secured by unencumbered qualifying mortgage and home equity loans with a market value equal to at least to , respectively, of outstanding advances. Advances are also secured by FHLB stock that we own, which totaled million at December 31, 2022. Unused borrowing capacity with the FHLB (subject to the FHLB s credit requirements and policies) was million at December 31, 2022. Interest expense on advances 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We prepaid million, and FHLB advances during 2022, 2021 or 2020, respectively. 
 As a member of the FHLB, we must own FHLB stock equal to the greater of of total assets or of our outstanding advances and loans sold to the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the FHLB stock ownership requirements. 
 2028 and thereafter Total fixed rate advances 
 Interest expense on federal funds purchased totaled , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Assets, consisting of FHLB stock and loans, pledged to secure other borrowings and unused borrowing capacity totaled billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 million of fixed to floating subordinated notes with a maturity (May 31, 2030 maturity date) and a call option. The initial coupon rate is fixed for and then floats at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus . These notes are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition under the caption Subordinated debt and the balances of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively are net of remaining unamortized deferred issuance costs of approximately million and million, respectively that are being amortized through the maturity date into interest expense on other borrowings and subordinated debt and debentures in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. We may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, on or after May 31, 2025, and redeem the notes at any time in whole upon certain other events. Any redemption of the notes will be subject to prior regulatory approval to the extent required. 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 We have formed various special purpose entities (the trusts for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities in either public or pooled offerings or in private placements. Independent Bank Corporation owns all of the common stock of each trust and has issued subordinated debentures to each trust in exchange for all of the proceeds from the issuance of the common stock and the trust preferred securities. Trust preferred securities totaling million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, qualified as Tier 1 regulatory capital. 
 These trusts are not consolidated with Independent Bank Corporation and accordingly, we report the common securities of the trusts held by us in accrued income and other assets and the subordinated debentures that we have issued to the trusts in the liability section of our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 As the result of a previous acquisition we acquired TCSB Statutory Trust I as summarized in the tables below at a discount. The discount at acquisition totaled million and is being amortized through its maturity date and is included in interest expense other borrowings and subordinated debt and debentures in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 IBC Capital Finance IV September 2007 Midwest Guaranty Trust I November 2002 TCSB Statutory Trust I March 2005 Discount on TCSB Statutory Trust I ) ) 
 2021 Entity Name Issue Date 
 Subordinated Debentures Trust Preferred Securities Issued Common Stock Issued (In thousands) IBC Capital Finance III May 2007 IBC Capital Finance IV September 2007 Midwest Guaranty Trust I November 2002 TCSB Statutory Trust I March 2005 Discount on TCSB Statutory Trust I ) ) 
 month LIBOR plus 
 July 30, 2012 IBC Capital Finance IV September 15, 2037 month LIBOR plus 
 September 15, 2012 Midwest Guaranty Trust I November 7, 2032 month LIBOR plus 
 November 7, 2007 TCSB Statutory Trust I March 17, 2035 month LIBOR plus 
 March 17, 2010 
 The subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities are cumulative and have a feature that permits us to defer distributions (payment of interest) from time to time for a period not to exceed consecutive quarters. Interest is payable quarterly on each of the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities and no distributions were deferred at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We have the right to redeem the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities (at par) in whole or in part from time to time on or after the first permitted redemption date specified above or upon the occurrence of specific events defined within the trust indenture agreements. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 11 
 Standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and generally require payment of a fee. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the commitment amounts do not represent future cash requirements. Commitments are issued subject to similar underwriting standards, including collateral requirements, as are generally involved in the extension of credit facilities. 
 Standby letters of credit are written conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in such transactions is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities and, accordingly, standby letters of credit are issued subject to similar underwriting standards, including collateral requirements, as are generally involved in the extension of credit facilities. The majority of the standby letters of credit are on-demand with no stated maturity date and have variable rates that range from to . 
 Economic 
 
 Pressures from heightened inflation, rising interest rates, elevated energy prices, supply chain disruptions, concerns over the Russia-Ukraine war, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations continue to create significant economic uncertainty. In an effort to combat inflationary pressures, the Federal Reserve Board increased the federal funds rate by a total of 4.25 over 2022, including a 75-basis point increase in November 2022 and a 50-basis point increase in December 2022. The rate was increased by another 25-basis points in February 2023. Many policymakers expect rates to continue to rise into 2023. The ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, its impact on energy prices, and related events are likely to continue to create additional pressure on economic activity. The resulting responses by the U.S. and other countries (including the imposition of economic sanctions and export restrictions), and the potential for wider conflict has increased volatility and uncertainty in global financial markets and could result in significant market disruptions, including in our customers industries or sectors. 
 
 The extent to which these pressures may impact our business, results of operations, asset valuations, financial condition, and customers will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Material adverse impacts may include all or a combination of valuation impairments on our intangible assets, securities available for sale, securities held to maturity, loans, capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights or deferred tax assets. 
 
 We continue to closely monitor and analyze the higher risk segments within our portfolio, and senior management is cautiously optimistic that we are positioned to continue managing the impact of the varied set of risks and uncertainties currently impacting the global economy. However, a high degree of uncertainty still exists with respect to the impact of the fluid global economic conditions on the future performance of our loan portfolio. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 shares of VISA Class B common stock. At the present time, these shares can only be sold to other Class B shareholders. As a result, there has generally been limited transfer activity in private transactions between buyers and sellers. Given the limited activity that we have become aware of and the continuing uncertainty regarding the likelihood, ultimate timing and eventual exchange rate for Class B shares into Class A shares, we continue to carry these shares at zero, representing cost basis less impairment. However, given the current conversion ratio of Class A shares for every 1 Class B share and the closing price of VISA Class A shares on February 21, 2023 of per share, our Class B shares would have a current value of approximately million. We continue to monitor Class B trading activity and the status of the resolution of certain litigation matters at VISA that would trigger the conversion of Class B common shares into Class A common shares, which would not have any trading restrictions. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 of our outstanding common stock during 2022, 2021 and 2020. During 2022, 2021 and 2020 repurchases were made through open market and negotiated transactions and totaled , and shares of common stock, respectively for an aggregate purchase price of million, million and million, respectively. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Weighted average shares outstanding (1) Stock units for deferred compensation plan for non-employee directors Effect of stock options Performance share units Weighted average shares outstanding for calculation of diluted earnings per share Net income per common share Basic (1) Diluted 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Basic net income per common share includes weighted average common shares outstanding during the period and participating share awards. 
 Weighted average stock options outstanding that were not considered in computing diluted net income per common share because they were anti-dilutive were for each year ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 Deferred expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Tax-exempt income ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Low income housing tax credit investments ) ) Unrecognized tax benefit ) ) ) Non-deductible meals, entertainment and memberships Other, net ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 Allowance for credit losses Unrealized loss on securities HTM transferred from AFS Property and equipment Incentive compensation Lease liabilities Reserve for unfunded lending commitments Securities premium amortization Share-based compensation Deferred compensation Loss reimbursement on sold loans reserve Other than temporary impairment charge on securities available for sale Non accrual loan interest income Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights Deferred loan fees Lease right of use asset Purchase premiums, net Unrealized gain on securities AFS Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets, net (1) 
 (1) Included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions due to the statute of limitations ) ) ) Reductions due to settlements Balance at end of year 
 If recognized, the entire amount of unrecognized tax benefits, net of million of federal tax on state benefits, would affect our effective tax rate. We do not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. amounts were expensed for interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. amounts were accrued for interest and penalties at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. At December 31, 2022, U.S. Federal tax years 2019 through the present remain open to examination. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 million shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. The non-employee director stock purchase plan permits the grant of additional share based payments for up to million shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. Share based awards and payments are measured at fair value at the date of grant and are expensed over the requisite service period. Common shares issued upon exercise of stock options come from currently authorized but unissued shares. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020 pursuant to our long-term incentive plan, we granted million, million and million shares, respectively of restricted stock and million during each year of performance stock units PSUs ), to certain officers. The shares of restricted stock and PSUs cliff vest after a period of . The performance criteria of the PSUs granted in 2022 is split evenly between a comparison of (i) our total shareholder return and (ii) our return on average assets each over the period starting on the grant date to these same criteria over that period to an index of our banking peers. The performance criteria of the PSUs granted in 2021 and 2020 is based on a comparison of our total shareholder return over the period starting on the grant date to the same criteria over that period to an index of our banking peers. 
 Our directors may elect to receive all or a portion of their cash retainer fees in the form of common stock (either on a current basis or on a deferred basis) pursuant to the non-employee director stock purchase plan referenced above. Shares equal in value to that portion of each director s fees that he or she has elected to receive in stock on a current basis are issued each quarter and vest immediately. Shares issued on a deferred basis are credited at the rate of of the current fair value of our common stock and vest immediately. We issued million shares to directors pursuant to this plan during each of the years ending 2022, 2021 and 2020 and expensed their value during those same periods. 
 Total compensation expense recognized for grants pursuant to our long-term incentive plan was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The corresponding tax benefit relating to this expense was million, million, and million during each year, respectively. Total expense recognized for non-employee director share based payments was million, million, and million for the years ending 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The corresponding tax benefit relating to this expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million. The weighted-average period over which this amount will be recognized is years. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Cash proceeds received Tax benefit realized 
 We maintain 401(k) and employee stock ownership plans covering substantially all of our full-time employees. We matched of employee contributions to the 401(k) plan up to a maximum of of participating employees eligible wages for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Contributions to the employee stock ownership plan are determined annually and require approval of our Board of Directors. The maximum contribution is of employees eligible wages. Contributions to the employee stock ownership plan were for each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. Amounts expensed for these retirement plans were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our employees participate in various performance-based compensation plans. Amounts expensed for all incentive plans totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 These insurance programs are also available to retired employees at their own expense. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 ATM fees Bank owned life insurance Other Total other non-interest income 
 
 NOTE 16 
 Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements - securities available for sale Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements - installment Interest rate cap agreements - securities available for sale Total No hedge designation Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments ) Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements - commercial Pay-variable interest rate swap agreements - commercial ) Total ) 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements - securities available for sale Total No hedge designation Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans ) Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements - commercial ) Pay-variable interest rate swap agreements - commercial Interest rate swaption agreement Interest rate cap agreements Total 
 We have established management objectives and strategies that include interest-rate risk parameters for maximum fluctuations in net interest income and market value of portfolio equity. We monitor our interest rate risk position via simulation modeling reports. The goal of our asset/liability management efforts is to maintain profitable financial leverage within established risk parameters. 
 We have entered into pay-fixed interest rate swaps to protect a portion of the fair value of a certain fixed rate commercial loan and certain installment loans Fair Value Hedge Portfolio Loans ). As a result, changes in the fair values of the pay-fixed interest rate swaps are expected to offset changes in the fair values of the fixed rate portfolio loans due to fluctuations in interest rates. We record the fair values of Fair Value Hedge Portfolio Loans in accrued income and other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The hedged items (fixed rate commercial loan and certain fixed rate installment loans) are also recorded at fair value which offsets the adjustment to the Fair Value Hedge Portfolio Loans. On an ongoing basis, we adjust our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition to reflect the then current fair values of both the Fair Value Hedge Portfolio Loans and the hedged items. The related gains or losses are reported in interest income interest and fees on loans in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 We have entered into pay-fixed interest rate swaps and interest rate cap agreements to protect a portion of the fair value of certain securities available for sale Fair Value Hedge AFS Securities ). As a result, the change in the fair value of the pay-fixed interest rate swaps and interest rate cap agreements is expected to offset a portion of the change in the fair value of the fixed rate securities available for sale due to fluctuations in interest rates. We record the fair value of Fair Value Hedge AFS Securities in accrued income and other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The hedged items (fixed rate securities available for sale) are also recorded at fair value which offsets the adjustment to the Fair Value Hedge AFS Securities. On an ongoing basis, we adjust our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition to reflect the then current fair value of both the Fair Value Hedge AFS Securities and the hedged item. The related gains or losses are reported in interest income interest on securities taxable and interest income interest on securities tax-exempt in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In prior years we had entered into certain derivative financial instruments to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates Cash Flow Hedges ). Cash Flow Hedges had included certain pay-fixed interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements. Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements convert the variable-rate cash flows on debt obligations to fixed-rates. Under interest-rate cap agreements, we received cash if interest rates rose above a predetermined level. As a result, we effectively have variable-rate debt with an established maximum rate. The no hedge designation "Interest rate cap agreements" and "Interest rate swap agreements" in the tables presented had previously qualified for cash flow hedge accounting but were classified to a no hedge designation during 2020 and any changes in fair 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million of interest rate caps while million matured. 
 Certain derivative financial instruments have not been designated as hedges. The fair value of these derivative financial instruments has been recorded on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and is adjusted on an ongoing basis to reflect their then current fair value. The changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments not designated as hedges are recognized in earnings. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into rate-lock mortgage loan commitments with customers Rate-Lock Commitments ). These commitments expose us to interest rate risk. We also enter into mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans Mandatory Commitments to reduce the impact of price fluctuations of mortgage loans held for sale and Rate-Lock Commitments. Mandatory Commitments help protect our loan sale profit margin from fluctuations in interest rates. The changes in the fair value of Rate Lock Commitments and Mandatory Commitments are recognized currently as part of net gains on mortgage loans in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We obtain market prices on Mandatory Commitments and Rate-Lock Commitments. Net gains on mortgage loans, as well as net income, may be more volatile as a result of these derivative instruments, which are not designated as hedges. 
 We have a program that allows commercial loan customers to lock in a fixed rate for a longer period of time than we would normally offer for interest rate risk reasons. We will enter into a variable rate commercial loan and an interest rate swap agreement with a customer and then enter into an offsetting interest rate swap agreement with an unrelated party. The interest rate swap agreement fair values will generally move in opposite directions resulting in little or no net impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. All of the interest rate swap agreements-commercial with no hedge designation in the table above relate to this program. 
 We had purchased a swaption agreement during 2021 and in an attempt to reduce the impact of price fluctuations of certain mortgage construction loans held for sale. The swaption agreement is presented as "Interest rate swaption agreement" in the tables below. The swaption agreement terminated during 2022. The changes in the fair value of the swaption agreement was recognized currently as part of net gains on mortgage loans in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In prior periods we offered to our deposit customers an equity linked time deposit product Altitude CD ). The Altitude CD was a time deposit that provided the customer a guaranteed return of principal at maturity plus a potential equity return (a written option), while we receive a like stream of funds based on the equity return (a purchased option). The written and purchased options will generally move in opposite directions resulting in little or no net impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The written and purchased options in the table above relate to this Altitude CD product and matured during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Interest rate cap agreements Other assets Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments Other assets Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans Other assets Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements - commercial Other assets Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Pay-variable interest rate swap agreements - commercial Other assets Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Interest rate cap agreements Other assets Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Interest rate swaption agreement Other assets Other assets Other liabilities Other liabilities Total derivatives 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreement - securities available for sale Interest on securities available for sale - tax-exempt Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreement - installment Interest and fees on loans Total ) Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate cap agreements Interest expense ) Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements ) Interest expense ) Total ) ) No hedge designation Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments Net gains on mortgage loans ) ) Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans Net gains on mortgage loans ) Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements - commercial Interest income ) Pay-variable interest rate swap agreements -commercial Interest income ) ) Interest rate swaption agreement Net gains on mortgage loans ) ) Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements Interest expense Interest rate cap agreements Interest expense ) Purchased options Interest expense ) ) Written options Interest expense Total ) ) 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 17 
 or more voting interest) for the years ended December 31 follows: 
 2022 2021 (In thousands) Balance at beginning of year New loans and advances Repayments ) ) Balance at end of year 
 We had million in loan commitments to directors and executive officers at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Of these, commitments of million and million were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and included in the table above. 
 Deposits held by us for directors and executive officers totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 18 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total 
 Variable lease costs consist primarily of taxes, insurance, and common area or other maintenance costs for our leased facilities. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Lease liabilities (2) Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 (1) Included in Accrued income and other assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (2) Included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 
 NOTE 19 
 billion of loans secured by residential real estate and million of construction and land development loans. 
 Additionally, within our commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan classes, we had significant standard industry classification concentrations in the following categories as of December 31, 2022: Lessors of Nonresidential Real Estate million); Construction million); Lessors of Residential Real Estate million); Health Care and Social Assistance million); Manufacturing million); and Accommodation and Food Services million). A geographic concentration arises because we primarily conduct our lending activities in the State of Michigan. 
 
 NOTE 20 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million. It is not our intent to have dividends paid in amounts that would reduce the capital of our Bank to levels below those which we consider prudent or that would not be in accordance with guidelines of regulatory authorities. 
 We are also subject to various regulatory capital requirements. The prompt corrective action regulations establish quantitative measures to ensure capital adequacy and require minimum amounts and ratios of total, Tier 1, and common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to average assets. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in certain mandatory, and possibly discretionary, actions by regulators that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. In addition, capital adequacy rules include a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets that applies to all supervised financial institutions. To avoid limits on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments we must meet the minimum ratio for adequately capitalized institutions plus the buffer. Under capital adequacy guidelines, we must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures as well as qualitative judgments by the regulators. The most recent regulatory filings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, categorized our Bank as well capitalized. Management is not aware of any conditions or events that would have changed the most recent Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC categorization. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NA NA Independent Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated NA NA Independent Bank Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated NA NA Independent Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets Consolidated NA NA Independent Bank 2021 Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated NA NA Independent Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated NA NA Independent Bank Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated NA NA Independent Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets Consolidated NA NA Independent Bank 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) These ratios do not reflect a capital conservation buffer of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NA - Not applicable 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Add (deduct) Accumulated other comprehensive loss for regulatory purposes ) ) Goodwill and other intangibles ) ) ) ) CECL (1) Common equity tier 1 capital Qualifying trust preferred securities Tier 1 capital Subordinated debt Allowance for credit losses and allowance for unfunded lending commitments limited to 1.25 of total risk-weighted assets Total risk-based capital 
 (1) We elected the CECL transition method for regulatory purposes. 

NOTE 21 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 102 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Other asset backed Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Trust preferred Loans held for sale, carried at fair value Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights Derivatives (1) Liabilities Derivatives (2) Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis: Assets Loans held for sale, carried at the lower of cost or fair value Collateral dependent loans (3) Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Included in accrued income and other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (2) Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (3) Only includes individually evaluated loans with specific loss allocations based on collateral value. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed U.S. agency commercial mortgage-backed Private label mortgage-backed Other asset backed Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Trust preferred Foreign government Loans held for sale, carried at fair value Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights Derivatives (1) Liabilities Derivatives (2) Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis: Assets Collateral dependent loans (3) Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Mortgage 1-4 family owner occupied - non-jumbo 1-4 family non-owner occupied 1-4 family - 2nd lien Resort lending Installment Boat lending Recreational vehicle lending Other 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Included in accrued income and other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (2) Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (3) Only includes individually evaluated loans with specific loss allocations based on collateral value. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights 2021 Loans held for sale ) ) Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights ) ) 2020 Loans held for sale Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights ) ) 
 For those items measured at fair value pursuant to our election of the fair value option, interest income is recorded within the Consolidated Statements of Operations based on the contractual amount of interest income earned on these financial assets and dividend income is recorded based on cash dividends received. 
 The following represent impairment charges recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 relating to assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: 
 Loans that are individually evaluated using the fair value of collateral for collateral dependent loans had a carrying amount of million, which is net of a valuation allowance of million at December 31, 2022, and had a carrying amount of million, which is net of a valuation allowance of million at December 31, 2021. An additional provision for credit losses relating to these collateral dependent loans of million, million and million was included in our results of operations for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Other real estate, which is measured using the fair value of the property, had a carrying amount of which is net of a valuation allowance of million, at December 31, 2021. We did not have any other real estate measured using the fair value of property at December 31, 2022. An additional charge relating to other real estate measured at fair value of , and million was included in our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Total losses realized and unrealized: Included in results of operations ) ) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Purchases, issuances, settlements, maturities and calls Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 Ending balance Amount of total losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized losses relating to assets and liabilities still held at December 31 ) ) 
 Present value of net servicing revenue Discount rate to 
 Cost to service to 
 Ancillary income to 
 Float rate Prepayment rate to 
 2021 Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights Present value of net servicing revenue Discount rate to 
 Cost to service to 
 Ancillary income to 
 Float rate Prepayment rate to 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Sales comparison approach Adjustment for differences between comparable sales to 
 ) 
 Mortgage and Installment (1) Sales comparison approach Adjustment for differences between comparable sales ) to 
 ) 2021 Collateral dependent loans Commercial Sales comparison approach Adjustment for differences between comparable sales ) to 
 Mortgage and Installment (1) Sales comparison approach Adjustment for differences between comparable sales ) to 
 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) In addition to the valuation techniques and unobservable inputs discussed above, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 certain collateral dependent installment loans totaling approximately million and million are secured by collateral other than real estate. For the majority of these loans, we apply internal discount rates to industry valuation guides. 
 
 ) 2021 2020 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 22 

108 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest bearing deposits Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank Stock NA NA NA NA Net loans and loans held for sale Accrued interest receivable Derivative financial instruments Liabilities Deposits with no stated maturity (1) Deposits with stated maturity (1) Other borrowings Subordinated debt Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Derivative financial instruments 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits Securities available for sale Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank Stock NA NA NA NA Net loans and loans held for sale Accrued interest receivable Derivative financial instruments Liabilities Deposits with no stated maturity (1) Deposits with stated maturity (1) Other borrowings Subordinated debt Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Derivative financial instruments 
 NA Not applicable 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deposits with a stated maturity include reciprocal deposits with a recorded book balance of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The fair values for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are estimated to approximate their aggregate book balance, which is nominal, and therefore are not disclosed. 
 Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale the entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. 
 Fair value estimates are based on existing on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business, the value of future earnings attributable to off-balance sheet activities and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. 
 Fair value estimates for deposit accounts do not include the value of the core deposit intangible asset resulting from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of borrowing funds in the market. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 23 
 ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCIL Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balances at end of period ) ) ) ) 2021 Balances at beginning of period ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCIL ) ) Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances at end of period ) 2020 Balances at beginning of period ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCIL ) Net current period other comprehensive income Balances at end of period ) 
 (1) Represents the remaining unrealized loss to be accreted on securities that were transferred from AFS to HTM on April 1, 2022. 
 The disproportionate tax effects from securities AFS arose primarily due to tax effects of other comprehensive income OCI in the presence of a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets and a pretax loss from operations. Generally, the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to operations is determined without regard to the tax effects of other categories of income or loss, such as OCI. However, an exception to the general rule is provided when, in the presence of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, there is a pretax loss from operations and pretax income from other categories in the current period. In such instances, income from other categories must offset the current loss from operations, the tax benefit of such offset being reflected in operations. Release of material disproportionate tax effects 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Net gains (losses) on securities available for sale Net impairment loss recognized in earnings ) Total reclassifications before tax ) Income tax expense ) Reclassifications, net of tax 2021 Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale Net gains (losses) on securities available for sale Net impairment loss recognized in earnings Total reclassifications before tax Income tax expense Reclassifications, net of tax 2020 Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale Net gains (losses) on securities available for sale Net impairment loss recognized in earnings Total reclassifications before tax Income tax expense Reclassifications, net of tax Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges Interest expense Income tax expense Reclassification, net of tax ) Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 24 
 Interest bearing deposits - time Investment in subsidiaries Accrued income and other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Subordinated debt Subordinated debentures Accrued expenses and other liabilities Shareholders equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 Interest income Other income Total Operating Income OPERATING EXPENSES Interest expense Administrative and other expenses Total Operating Expenses Income Before Income Tax and Equity in Undistributed Net Income of Subsidiaries Income tax benefit ) ) ) Income Before Equity in Undistributed Net Income of Subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Net Income 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET INCOME TO NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Share based compensation Accretion of discount on subordinated debt and debentures (Increase) decrease in accrued income and other assets ) ) Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Total Adjustments ) ) ) Net Cash From Operating Activities CASH FLOW USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of interest bearing deposits - time ) ) ) Maturity of interest bearing deposits - time Net Cash Used In Investing Activities ) CASH FLOW FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt, net of issuance costs Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Share based compensation withholding obligation ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net Cash From (Used In) Financing Activities ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 
 
 NOTE 25 
 , and of total revenues at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Material sources of revenue that are included in the scope of topic include service charges on deposit accounts, other deposit related income, interchange income and investment and insurance commissions and are discussed in the following paragraphs. Generally these sources of revenue are earned at the time the service is delivered or over the course of a monthly period and do not result in any contract asset or liability balance at any given period end. As a result, there were contract assets or liabilities recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 other real estate properties sold during 2022, 2021 or 2020 that were financed by us. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Account service charges ATM fees Other Business Overdraft fees ATM fees Other Interchange income Asset management revenue Transaction based revenue Total Reconciliation to Consolidated Statement of Operations: Non-interest income - other: Other deposit related income Investment and insurance commissions Bank owned life insurance (1) Other (1) Total 
 (1) Excluded from the scope of ASC Topic 606. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Account service charges ATM fees Other Business Overdraft fees ATM fees Other Interchange income Asset management revenue Transaction based revenue Total Reconciliation to Consolidated Statement of Operations: Non-interest income - other: Other deposit related income Investment and insurance commissions Bank owned life insurance (1) Other (1) Total 
 (1) Excluded from the scope of ASC Topic 606. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Account service charges ATM fees Other Business Overdraft fees ATM fees Other Interchange income Asset management revenue Transaction based revenue Total Reconciliation to Consolidated Statement of Operations: Non-interest income - other: Other deposit related income Investment and insurance commissions Bank owned life insurance (1) Other (1) Total 
 (1) Excluded from the scope of ASC Topic 606. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 
 A summary of selected quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31 follows: 
 Three Months Ended March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 Interest income 34,741 38,364 44,925 50,978 Net interest income 33,001 36,061 39,897 40,602 Provision for credit losses (1,573) 2,379 3,145 1,390 Income before income tax 22,072 15,880 21,247 18,589 Net income 17,967 13,001 17,297 15,086 Net income per common share Basic 0.85 0.62 0.82 0.72 Diluted 0.84 0.61 0.81 0.71 2021 Interest income 32,502 33,499 35,855 36,224 Net interest income 30,284 31,393 33,803 34,285 Provision for credit losses (474) (1,425) (659) 630 Income before income tax 27,143 15,053 19,645 15,472 Net income 22,037 12,388 15,962 12,508 Net income per common share Basic 1.01 0.57 0.74 0.59 Diluted 1.00 0.56 0.73 0.58 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized a negative fair value adjustment on certain mortgage banking related loans held for sale and derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (see note #16). 
 119 

QUARTERLY SUMMARY (UNAUDITED) 
 Reported Sales Prices of Common Shares Cash Dividends Declared 2022 2021 High Low Close High Low Close 2022 2021 First quarter 26.00 21.87 22.00 24.73 18.18 23.64 0.22 0.21 Second quarter 22.59 17.87 19.28 24.50 21.10 21.71 0.22 0.21 Third quarter 21.87 18.38 19.10 22.22 19.60 21.48 0.22 0.21 Fourth quarter 24.97 19.00 23.92 24.48 21.44 23.87 0.22 0.21 
 We have approximately 1,200 holders of record of our common stock. Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market System under the symbol IBCP. The prices shown above are supplied by NASDAQ and reflect the inter-dealer prices and may not include retail markups, markdowns or commissions. There may have been transactions or quotations at higher or lower prices of which we are not aware. 
 In addition to limitations imposed by the provisions of the Michigan Business Corporation Act (which, among other things, limits us from paying dividends to the extent we are insolvent), our ability to pay dividends is limited by our ability to obtain funds from our Bank and by regulatory capital guidelines applicable to us (see note #20). 
 120 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 4
 ibcp-20221231xexx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 State of Incorporation IBC Capital Finance III Grand Rapids, Michigan Delaware IBC Capital Finance IV Grand Rapids, Michigan Delaware Midwest Guaranty Trust I Grand Rapids, Michigan Delaware TCSB Statutory Trust I Grand Rapids, Michigan Delaware Independent Bank Grand Rapids, Michigan Michigan IB Advisory Services, Inc., Grand Rapids, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) Michigan Independent Title Services, Inc., Grand Rapids, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank Corporation) Michigan Independent Life Insurance Trust, Grand Rapids, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) Michigan 

Note Table excludes insignificant subsidiaries, such as single-member limited liability companies formed solely to hold other real estate. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ibcp-20221231xexx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-89072, 333-125484, 333-189437, 333-221177, 333-222358, and 333-255976) on Form S-8 of Independent Bank Corporation of our report dated March 3, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Crowe LLP 
 
 South Bend, Indiana 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ibcp-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, William B. Kessel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15.15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date March 3, 2023 
 s William B. Kessel William B. Kessel President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ibcp-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Gavin A. Mohr, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15.15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date March 3, 2023 
 s Gavin A. Mohr Gavin A. Mohr Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ibcp-20221231xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATE OF THE 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 
 INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, William B. Kessel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Independent Bank Corporation, certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 (1) The annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Independent Bank Corporation. 
 Date March 3, 2023 
 s William B. Kessel William B. Kessel President and Chief Executive Officer 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Independent Bank Corporation and will be retained by Independent Bank Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ibcp-20221231xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATE OF THE 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 
 INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Gavin A. Mohr, Chief Financial Officer of Independent Bank Corporation, certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 (1) The annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Independent Bank Corporation. 
 Date March 3, 2023 
 s Gavin A. Mohr Gavin A. Mohr Chief Financial Officer 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Independent Bank Corporation and will be retained by Independent Bank Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ibcp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ibcp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ibcp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ibcp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ibcp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

