<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_879911_0001213900-23-024192.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4974303</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243102</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>998504</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1033042</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1386910</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1196738</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024192.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329181053
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000879911
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVIGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS [3812]
		IRS NUMBER:				770262908
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14015
		FILM NUMBER:		23776512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9070 S. RITA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		520-628-7415

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9070 S. RITA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IONATRON, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040429

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	US HOME & GARDEN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATURAL EARTH TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024192.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_appliedenerge.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period
from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number 

Applied Energetics,
Inc. 

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered OTCQB 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of
 large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the last reported
sales price at which the stock was sold on June 30, 2022 (the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter)
was approximately . 

The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s Common Stock,
 .001 par value, as of March 16, 2023 was . 

APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 23 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 23 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 24 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 24 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 25 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 

Item 13. 
 Certain Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 35 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 36 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 

Signatures: 
 38 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements in this Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking
statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts and can be identified by the use of forward-looking
words such as may, believe, will, expect, project, anticipate, 
 estimates, plans, strategy, target, prospects or continue, 
and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements are based on the current plans and expectations of our management and are
subject to a number of uncertainties and risks that could significantly affect our current plans and expectations, as well as future results
of operations and financial condition and may cause our actual results, performances or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. This Form 10-K contains important
information as to risk factors under Item 1A. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are
reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. We do not assume any obligation to update
these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions, or changes in other factors affecting such forward-looking
statements. 

Available Information 

Applied Energetics, Inc. company, Applied Energetics, 
 AE, we, our or us makes available free of charge on its website at www.appliedenergetics.com
its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practical after
electronically filing or furnishing such material to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

This report may be read or
copied at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549 or at www.sec.gov. Information on
the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800- SEC-0330. 

General 

Applied Energetics, Inc.
is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our headquarters are located at 9070 S. Rita Road, Suite
1500, Tucson, Arizona, 85747 and our telephone number is (520) 628-7415. Our website is located at www.appliedenergetics.com. 

Applied Energetics, Inc. specializes in the development and manufacture
of advanced high-performance lasers, advanced optical systems, high voltage electronics, and integrated guided energy systems for prospective
defense, national security, industrial, biomedical, and scientific customers worldwide. 

Technology, Capabilities, and Patents 

Applied Energetics, Inc.
is recognized as a global leader in developing the next generation optical sources exhibiting ever-increasing output energy, peak power
and frequency agility while also providing decreased size, weight, and cost of these systems for customers. Applied Energetics utilizes
patented, dual-use technologies to advance critical industries. Leveraging our proprietary fiber-based architecture and wavelength- and
pulse-agility capability, our Ultrashort Pulse USP technology can enable users to achieve specific effects across
different use cases with an unmatched blend of size, weight and power attributes. While initially designed to meet the emerging needs
and priorities for the national security community, our directed energy technology also has commercial applications in both the biomedical
and advanced manufacturing industries. 

1 

The Applied Energetics scientific
team is continuously innovating and expanding our patent portfolio to cover these technological breakthroughs and further enhance our
suite of solutions for threat disruption for the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, and for commercial, biomedical and space
applications with optical sources operating from the deep ultraviolet to the far infrared portions of the electromagnetic spectrum. 

Applied Energetics has developed, successfully demonstrated and holds
all crucial intellectual property rights to a dynamic directed energy technology called Laser Guided Energy LGE and Laser Induced Plasma Channel LIPC ). LGE and LIPC are technologies that can be used in a new generation
of high-tech directed energy systems. The Department of Defense (DOD) previously recognized only two key types of Directed Energy Weapon DEW technologies, High Energy Lasers HEL ), and High-Power Microwave HPM ). Neither the HEL
nor the HPM intellectual property portfolio is owned by a single entity. The DOD then designated a third DEW technology, LGE. Applied
Energetics LGE and LIPC technologies are wholly owned by Applied Energetics and protected by one or more of Applied Energetics 
27 issued patents and 11 Government Sensitive Patent Applications GSPA ). These GSPA s are held under secrecy orders
of the US government, providing the company with greatly extended protection rights. The company also has seven pending patent applications
and one provisional patent application which is undergoing conversion to its non-provisional form. We continue to file patent applications
as we deem appropriate to protect our intellectual property and enhance our competitive advantage. 

Applied Energetics 
Directed Energy technologies are vastly different from conventional directed energy systems, i.e. HEL, and HPM. LGE uses Ultrashort Pulse
(USP laser technology to combine the speed and precision of lasers with the overwhelming impact on targeted threats with high-voltage
electricity. A key element of LGE is its novel ability to offer selectable and tunable properties that can help protect non-combatants
and combat zone infrastructure. Applied Energetics proprietary fiber-based architecture is a key differentiator for our most recent
technology demonstrators. Compared with traditional continuous wave laser technologies with their larger footprints, AE s architecture
enables orders of magnitude size-weight-power reductions on all deliverables, creating powerful, dual-use and agile systems that can fit
a host of platforms while delivering very high-intensity, ultrashort pulses of light to the required target. This unique directed energy
solution allows extremely high peak power and energy, with target and effects tunability, and is effective against a wide variety of potential
targets. 

Applied Energetics 
unique optical fiber-based laser architectures enable unmatched wavelength agility as well as pulse duration agility. Using innovative
and highly specialized frequency shifting techniques, wavelengths can be custom tuned from the deep ultraviolet to the far infrared.
In addition, temporal outputs can be adjusted from continuous wave to sub-picoseconds. The technology enables the customer to adjust
the lasers operating parameters, ultimately creating more flexibility to change wavelength and pulse width. This feature allows
for optimization of laser performance for defense or commercial applications. 

Our proprietary USP laser
technology provides a significantly more compact solution than current continuous wave laser platforms while still delivering high peak
power. Continuous wave laser systems are typically used to heat a target and, during continuous illumination, this heat transfer leads
to melting or charring of the material. Using continuous wave output powers that now exceed 100 kilowatts (1kW = 1000 watts), it can
take anywhere from seconds to minutes to impact a target. By contrast, Applied Energetics has delivered USP lasers to national security
users that exceed five terawatts (1 TW = 1 trillion watts) in peak power, with the difference being that this peak power from a USP laser
is delivered in a pulse that is less than a trillionth of a second. During this short pulse duration, and having such a high peak intensity,
near-instantaneous ablation of the surface of the threat takes place. The net results of our innovative USP approaches are highly effective
lasers with mountable footprints that require only a fraction of the size and weight of other directed energy technologies. 

As Applied Energetics looks toward the future, our corporate strategic
roadmap builds upon the significant value of the company s USP laser capabilities and key intellectual property, including LGE and
LIPC, to offer our prospective partners, co-developers and system integrators a variety of next-generation ultrashort pulse and frequency-agile
optical sources, from the ultraviolet to the far infrared portion of the electromagnetic spectrum, to address numerous challenges within
the national security, biomedical, and advanced manufacturing market sectors. 

Recent Developments 

In May 2022, Applied Energetics
was awarded a 3.89 million, two-year grant from the Department of the Navy, Office of Naval Research (ONR), to develop an optical system
capable of defeating customer-specified threats for integration onto U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) platforms. We were awarded this grant to
accelerate the development and testing of Infrared (IR) optical technology with an ultrashort pulse laser (USPL) system. The overall
objective is to advance and ruggedize optical technologies that can be fielded on a variety of USMC platforms and are able to operate
in harsh conditions. 

2 

We also executed a Phase
I Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) contract with the U.S. Army on June 2, 2022. The objective of the contract is the
delivery of an ultra-broadband infrared (IR) source. Under this contract, Applied Energetics, was to model novel approaches for the
eye-safe delivery of ultra-broadband infrared laser pulses to electro-optic sensors. Electro-Optical/Infrared (EO/IR) sensors are
imaging systems used for military applications. The STTR program is a federally funded initiative to incorporate small business
technological innovation into government supported research and development programs. STTRs require the small business to team with
a university or non-profit and are structured in three potential phases. Applied Energetics proposed to partner with the James C.
Wyant College of Optical Sciences at the University of Arizona for Phase I. The company completed work on this first phase of the
Army STTR and filed the report on January 3, 2023. Prior to the final report filing, AE submitted the Phase II
proposal by the submission deadline of December 7, 2022. The Phase II proposals can be up to 1.15 M in contract funding over a
24-month period. Any announcement on the Phase II STTR proposals is estimated by the Army to be released no later than Q2 of
2023. 

Effective August 1, 2022,
our board of directors appointed Christopher Donaghey, age 50, to serve as Chief Financial and Chief Operating Officer. The company and
Mr. Donaghey entered into an Executive Employment Agreement, pursuant to which he is serving for an initial term of four years, with
automatic renewal for additional one-year periods thereafter unless either party terminates the agreement. The agreement calls for salary
of 350,000 per year, plus standard benefits and eligibility for a bonus at the discretion of the board. The company has also granted
Mr. Donaghey additional options to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of its common stock under its 2018 Incentive Stock Plan, which vest
over four years and have an exercise price of 2.36 per share, and Restricted Stock Units representing up to 400,000 shares of the company s
common stock which also vest over four years. The Restricted Stock Units are issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated
as of July 13, 2022. Mr. Donaghey forfeited unvested options to purchase up to 950,000 shares of common stock which he had previously
received for service on the company s Board of Advisors. 

Mr. Donaghey is an experienced
financial executive with a proven track-record in delivering profitable growth, including extensive experience within the defense industry.
He joins Applied Energetics from Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), a defense and government agency technology integrator,
where he served as the senior vice president and head of corporate development. In this role, he was responsible for executing the company s
mergers and acquisitions (M A) and strategic ventures strategy, working closely with the senior management team to support the development
and implementation of SAIC s strategic plan with an emphasis on M A and external emerging technology investments to complement
organic growth strategies and value creation. He joined SAIC in 2017, as senior vice president of finance for SAIC s operations,
and provided strategic leadership and business guidance to the organization. Mr. Donaghey is also a Founder and Executive Board member
of the Silicon Valley Defense Group, a non-profit organization whose mission is to create the nexus of pioneering ideas, people, and
capital that will unlock new sources of innovation for national security and power the digital evolution of the defense industrial base. 

Prior to joining SAIC, Donaghey
was vice president of Corporate Strategy and Development for KeyW Corporation, a national security solutions provider for the Intelligence,
Cyber and Counterterrorism Communities, where he guided the overall corporate strategy, M A, and capital markets activities. 

Mr. Donaghey was also a senior
research analyst for SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets where he provided investment advice and insight to institutional investors
covering public defense technology, government IT services, and commercial aerospace industries. During his tenure at SunTrust, Donaghey
was ranked the number one defense analyst and number two analyst overall for stock selection by Forbes/Starmine in 2005 and was named
in the Wall Street Journal Best on the Street survey in 2005, 2008, and 2009. 

Mr. Donaghey served in the
U.S. Navy Reserve where he provided scientific and technical analysis of missile guidance and control systems and advanced electronics
for the Short-Range Ballistic Missile group at the Defense Intelligence Agency s Missile and Space Intelligence Center. Donaghey
earned his bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from Texas Tech University and served as an officer in the U.S. Navy. 

Mr. Donaghey previously served
on Applied Energetics Board of Advisors since April 30, 2019, providing input into the strategic direction of the company and
assistance in building relationships in the defense markets. 

3 

Upon the successful examination, and with no opposition, the United
States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) officially entered the marks LGE (Reg. No. 6,289,892) and LIPC (Reg. No. 6,316,069)
on March 9, 2021, and April 6, 2021, respectively, in the principal register. Applied Energetics has applications pending before the USPTO
for the marks USP TM, USPL TM, AERG TM and AE TM and anticipates allowance and/or registration within the next six months. The company
also has seven pending patent applications and one provisional patent application which is undergoing conversion to its non-provisional
form. We continue to file patent applications as we deem appropriate to protect our intellectual property and enhance our competitive
advantage. 

In April 2022, we repaid
the remaining balance on the Paycheck Protection Program loan, which we took out in 2020. The original loan was in the amount of 132,760,
but our compliance with the guidelines set forth by the Small Business Administration regarding use of the proceeds of the loan qualified
us for a waiver of a portion of this amount. We had been repaying the remaining balance in monthly installments at an annual interest
rate of 1 . 

Ongoing Business Development Activities 

Over the past few years,
we have submitted multiple proposals to, and attended briefings with, various defense and other government agencies who have expressed
an interest in our technology and applications. Due to the closures of multiple agencies and work-from-home orders during the Covid-19
pandemic, reviews and funding decisions on these proposals were delayed longer than anticipated as resources were focused on other matters
within the government. Since the reopening of proposal reviews and processing, our team has been invited to, and completed, multiple
briefings focused on our capabilities and submissions. We intend to continue developing and submitting proposals and to be available
to attend on-site briefings to the extent possible. However, this positive action by the agencies could be reversed as Covid remains
an ongoing risk. Any changes to reinstate the closures or work-from-home orders could again hamper the ability of the AE team to schedule
on-site briefings for our proposals undergoing review. 

Two significant pieces of
legislation impacted Applied Energetics that were signed by the President on September 30, 2022. The first piece, bill S. 4900, the SBIR
and STTR Extension Act of 2022, authorizes the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR), Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR),
and six related pilot programs through Fiscal Year 2025; requires agencies with an SBIR or STTR program to establish a due diligence
program to assess the potential risk posed by program applicants foreign ties; requires certain departments and agencies to report
on national security risks within their SBIR/STTR programs; and establishes increased minimum performance standards for firms that have
won a certain number of awards during a specified period of time. 

The other piece of legislation
that we have seen multiple times in the past decade is the Continuing Resolution (CR), HR 6833, which was amended three times to provide
fiscal year 2023 appropriations to federal agencies through December 30, 2022, for continuing projects and activities of the federal
government and includes supplemental appropriations to respond to the Russian military action in Ukraine. This CR provided for a continuation
of funding for currently funded programs through December 30, but no new contracts until the 2023 fiscal year appropriations was approved
by Congress. This CR allowed for current Applied Energetics programs to continue. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 was passed
by the US House of Representatives and the US Senate and signed by President Biden on December 29, 2022. A similar situation occurred
in the prior year as the US government final fiscal year 2022 appropriations bill was signed into law by President Biden on the night
of March 11, 2022 and included increases in areas of particular interest to the company. 

Strategic Plan and Analysis 

The core of our strategy has been to continue growing our management
and science teams with highly qualified individuals. This has driven our recruitment efforts in the areas of R D, science, modeling
and simulation, marketing and finance. We are also contemplating adding members to our Board of Directors and our Board of Advisors. Our
board and leadership team have worked to align key innovations with our roadmap to encourage and enable internal filing for a broad, strategic
and robust intellectual property portfolio and continue surveying the literature for acquisitions of parallel intellectual property to
that end. We also intend to pursue strategic corporate acquisitions in related fields and technology. The company s management continues
to explore any favorable equity financing opportunities. 

4 

Our goal with the Applied
Energetics Strategic Plan is to increase the energy, peak power and frequency agility of USP optical sources while decreasing the size,
weight, and cost of these systems. We are in the process of developing this breadth of very high peak power USP lasers and additional
optical sources that have a very broad range of applicability for threat disruption for the Department of Defense, commercial, and biomedical
applications, such as biophotonic illumination and imaging. Although the historical market for Applied Energetics LGE and USP technology
is the U.S. Government, the USP technologies are expected to provide numerous platforms for commercial additive and subtractive manufacturing
and biomedical and imaging markets, creating a substantially larger market for our products to address. Since 2020, the Applied Energetics
team was able to develop partnership and teaming arrangements with the three leading laser and optics institutes in the United States,
namely, the University of Arizona, the University of Central Florida, and the University of Rochester Laboratory for Laser Energetics.
Our desire is to work on programs jointly where the strengths of each organization can assist in escalating knowledge and delivery of
systems to the government sponsors, and to train the next generation of scientists and engineers to work in the directed energy fields. 

Despite the challenges posed by COVID-19, we have continued to execute
our business development plans, further our research and development program and submit filings for intellectual property and proposals
for grants and contracts. During the past three years, we continued to submit proposals and have been engaged in meetings on a continuous
basis with various agencies and departments both remotely and in person in Washington, DC and at various other government facilities.
Having received a significant research grant and an STTR contract during the second quarter of 2022, we believe the interest in our technology
and applications remains high, and we continue to submit proposals for all appropriate opportunities and share our vision of the disruptive
capabilities of USP optical sources for both near- and far-term threats and dual-use commercial applications. 

Through our analysis of the market, and in discussions
with potential customers, we remain convinced that customers are becoming more receptive and interested in directed energy technologies.
According to the US Department of Defense fiscal budgets from 2017 through 2023, its directed energy spending grew from approximately
 500 million in 2017 to over 1.695 billion in 2023, an increase of nearly 240 . Market analysis and projections have estimated that
this directed energy sector is anticipated to exceed 10.1 billion globally by 2026. We continue to be optimistic about our future and
the growing opportunities in directed energy applications, especially since this growth to nearly 1.7 B annually is being accomplished
without a recognized Program of Record (POR) for directed energy platforms. Once these technologies are funded in production for a POR,
these DOD budgets for DE will grow exponentially larger to support the technology insertion. The Applied Energetics team anticipates
a continuation of strong funding for the directed energy community. With our existing patent portfolio, and through further advancements
of our technologies, we believe we have the substantial building blocks needed to become a significant and successful developer in our
USP and LGE marketplaces. 

Market for Our Technology 

Directed Energy Systems 

Directed energy systems involve
the use of directed energy to incapacitate, damage, or destroy enemy equipment, facilities, and assets. Previous to LGE, the only two
viable directed energy systems were High Energy Laser (HEL), which uses heat to burn targets and High Power Microwave (HPM) systems,
that use electromagnetic energy at specific microwave and radio frequencies to disable electronic systems. 

HEL and HPM directed energy technologies have been under development
for decades with numerous DoD and other government contractors participating. The unique attributes of directed energy weapon systems
 the ability to create precise effects against multiple targets near-instantaneously and at a very low cost per shot have
great potential to help the DoD in addressing future warfare requirements. The DoD invests research and development dollars into directed
energy solutions to fill gaps identified by warfighters. For example, in future conflicts with capable enemies possessing large inventories
of guided missiles, it may be operationally risky and cost-prohibitive for the U.S. military to continue to rely exclusively on a limited
number of kinetic missile interceptors. Such a missile competition could allow an adversary to impose costs on U.S. forces
by compelling them to intercept each incoming missile with far more expensive kinetic munitions. The DoD has made technological advances
in both performance and maturity as a result of many years of research with multiple threat-intercept technologies and has been directed
by Congress, in fiscal year 2022 and, again, in fiscal 2023, to increase funding and evaluation of pulsed laser technology in future directed
energy platforms. 

5 

Applied Energetics utilizes patented, dual-use technologies to advance
critical industries. Leveraging our proprietary fiber-based architecture and wavelength- and pulse-agility capability, our ultrashort
pulse technology enables users to achieve specific effects across different use cases, with an unmatched blend of size, weight and power
attributes. While initially designed to meet the emerging needs and priorities for the national security community, Applied Energetics 
directed energy technology also has commercial applications in both the biomedical and advanced manufacturing industries. 

Fiber-Based Laser Architecture 

Applied Energetics 
proprietary fiber-based architecture is a key differentiator for our technology. Compared with traditional continuous wave technology
with larger footprints, AE s architecture enables orders of magnitude size-weight-power reductions on all deliverables, creating
powerful, dual-use and agile systems that can fit a host of platforms while delivering very high intensity, ultrashort pulses of light
to the required target. Using this unique architecture as a laser source for an integrated system can enable Applied Energetics to develop,
integrate and deliver a suite of technologies that best meet the needs and requirements of its customers. 

Wavelength- and Pulse-Agility 

Applied Energetics 
optical fiber-based laser architectures enable unmatched wavelength agility as well as pulse duration agility. Using innovative and highly
specialized frequency shifting techniques, wavelengths can be custom tuned from the deep ultraviolet to the far infrared. In addition,
temporal outputs can be adjusted from continuous wave to sub-picoseconds. The technology enables the customer to adjust the lasers 
operating parameters, ultimately creating more flexibility to change wavelength and pulse width. This feature allows for optimization
of laser performance for defense or commercial applications. 

Competition 

AE s Ultrashort Pulse
sources, including proprietary LIPC based LGE technology, are unique and can be integrated onto platforms being developed
for use by the U.S. Government. Over the past several years, a relatively small number of major defense contractors have received significant
funding for directed energy systems development, manufacturing and integration, using continuous wave high energy laser and microwave
technologies. These contractors specialize in different directed energy system platforms to respond to a variety of threats. Applied
Energetics believes that its pulsed laser systems can be a part of a layered defense solution alongside these other technologies. Although
AE competes against other directed energy systems for funding, the uniqueness of our technologies should continue to support their development
into weapon platform programs. AE believes that there is renewed U.S. Government interest in directed energy applications and believes
that continued development of its USP capabilities and growing interest from all branches of the U.S. armed forces and other government
agencies will lead to increases in government spending on directed energy in the coming years. Likewise, there are multiple new threats
that must be addressed with unique and emerging technologies, and AE is working diligently to rapidly advance development, demonstration,
testing and engineering of the Advanced Ultrashort Pulse lasers throughout the spectrum from the ultraviolet to the far infrared. We
believe that USP technologies can rapidly accelerate in magnitude, as a percentage of the federal budget, compared with other technologies
over the next several years. 

AE s primary direct
USP optical source competition are corporations and contractors supported by foreign governments who may be attempting to develop similar
technologies. AE believes that such foreign activity will create additional U.S. Government funding for both USP sources and LGE in order
to maintain our country s lead in pulsed directed-energy systems. Other companies with directed energy capabilities, albeit in
continuous wave, microwave and other areas within directed energy, are Raytheon Technologies, Lockheed Martin, Northrup Grumman, Boeing,
BAE, nLight, General Atomics, DRS Daylight Solutions and L3Harris Technologies. 

Some of AE s biggest
commercial competitors are Trumpf (German), Coherent (US), Thales (France) and IPG (US), all of which are billion-dollar market class
companies that have substantially more resources than AE. 

Employees 

As of March 29, 2023, we had fourteen employees, and we retain another
six full- and part-time consultants. 

6 

Supplies and Raw Materials 

We depend upon the availability of materials and major electro-optical
components and the performance of our suppliers. Some of our products require relatively scarce fabricated materials. We generally have
not experienced significant difficulties in procuring these necessary materials, components and other supplies for our products. However,
the global supply chain continues to struggle toward normalcy following the Covid-19 pandemic. Our inability to procure the necessary
optical and fabricated materials, components, electronics and other supplies for our products could negatively affect our results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. In addition, a significant prolonged increase in inflation could negatively impact the cost of materials
and components. We continuously monitor potential supply chain issues and work with our suppliers to mitigate delays in our receipt of
necessary materials, components and other supplies, and reduce costs, particularly in light of the Covid-19 pandemic s impact on
global supply chain. We also monitor supplier liquidity and work continuously with our supply base to ensure an adequate source of supply
and to reduce costs. We pursue cost reductions through a number of mechanisms, including consolidating or re-sourcing our purchases, entering
long-term agreements, reducing the number of suppliers, strategic global sourcing and competition among suppliers, and the opportunity
to develop and deliver scarce components that have few contracts or suppliers. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply,
but we are developing multiple sources to mitigate the risk. In some cases, we must comply with specific procurement requirements, which
may limit the suppliers and subcontractors we may utilize. 

Regulatory Matters 

Our business is subject to
extensive regulation in the industries we serve. We market our technology to numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including
but not limited to all of the branches of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and the Department of Homeland Security. Similar government
authorities exist in all of the countries in which we do business. 

The U.S. government currently
represents all of our current revenues and likely a substantial portion of any projected revenues for the foreseeable future. U.S. government
contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for convenience or for default in the event of our failure to perform
under the applicable contract. In the case of a termination for convenience, we would normally be entitled to reimbursement for our allowable
costs incurred, termination costs and a reasonable profit. If terminated by the government as a result of our default, we could be liable
for payments made to us for undelivered goods or services, additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services
from another source and any other damages it suffers. 

U.S. government contracts
generally are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), which sets forth policies, procedures and requirements for the acquisition
of goods and services by the U.S. government. Defense contracts are additionally subject to the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation
Supplement (DFARS). Other applicable laws and regulations apply as well. These regulations impose a broad range of requirements, many
of which are unique to government contracting, including various procurement, import and export, security, contract pricing and cost,
contract termination and adjustment, audit and product integrity requirements. Failure to comply with these regulations and requirements
could result in reductions to the value of contracts, contract modifications or termination, cash withholding on contract payments, forfeiture
of profits, and/or the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines and could lead to cause-based suspension or debarment from
U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Future results of operations
of Applied Energetics involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Factors that could affect future operating results
and cash flows and cause actual results to vary materially from historical results include, but are not limited to those risks set forth
below: 

Risk Related to Our Company 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability
to obtain future financing. 

In their report accompanying
our financial statements, our independent registered public accounting firm stated that our financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 were prepared assuming that we would continue as a going concern, and that they have substantial doubt as to our ability to
continue as a going concern. Our auditors have noted that our recurring losses and negative cash flow from operations and the concern
that we may incur additional losses due to the reduction in government contract activity raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. 

7 

Our business has generated
only limited revenues during the past fiscal year, after having no revenue during fiscal 2021, and had a net operating loss during each
period. 

For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had revenues of 1,307,757 and 0, respectively, and we had net losses of 5,771,642 and 5,425,453, respectively.
We can give no assurances that our planned operations will generate revenues in the future or whether any such revenues will result in
profitability. 

We may need additional
financing to fund our operations going forward. If we are unable to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, we may need to modify
or curtail our development plans and operations. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 5,640,308 in available cash and cash equivalents and working capital of 5,329,699. We believe our cash position is sufficient
for the next several months, but we may need to raise additional capital in order to fund our operations beyond that. We must allocate
funds toward SEC compliance as well as Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA), International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and other
federal regulatory compliance. We also need funds for general and administrative expenses, including salaries, benefits, supplies and
equipment, lease expense on our headquarters, accounting, legal, and other professional fees and other miscellaneous expenses. Our failure
to secure sufficient financing could render us unable to fund these necessary costs and expenses. We also may require additional funding
for research and development before we are able to commercialize our technology. During the 2022 fiscal year, we achieved our capital
raising goal, and a portion of the funds for research and development came from government grant/contract awards. We may secure additional
government contracts or sub-contracts with larger contractors to fund additional research and development. However, we may need to raise
additional funds to supplement these contracts even if we are able to secure them. 

Our operating plans and capital requirements are subject to change
based on how we determine to proceed with respect to development programs and if we pursue any strategic alternatives. We may raise additional
funds through the issuance of equity securities, but such financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us if at all. Any equity
financing would cause the percentage ownership by our current stockholders to be diluted, and such dilution may be substantial. Also,
any additional equity securities issued may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If such financing
is not available when required or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be required to modify or curtail our operations, which
could cause investors to lose the entire amount of their investment. 

The ongoing global Covid-19
pandemic has caused unpredictability in capital markets. If this uncertainty continues, it could make it more difficult for companies,
including ours, to access capital. It is currently difficult to estimate with any certainty how long the pandemic and resulting curtailment
of business will continue, and its effect on capital markets and our ability to raise funds in the future is, accordingly, difficult
to quantify. 

Risk Related to Our Industry and Business
Activities 

Economic, geopolitical
and other factors beyond our control can affect our business. 

Our business, operating results,
financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions and geopolitical risks, including
the inflationary environment in the United States and internationally, commodity prices, supply chain challenges, exchange rates, potential
changes in policy positions or priorities, levels of government spending and deficits, the availability and cost of labor, the threat
environment, trade policies, political conditions, and other challenges that could affect the global economy. Inflationary pressures
have increased labor and material costs at a higher rate higher than in recent years. Due to the nature of our government business, and
the customer and supplier contracts within those businesses, we may not be able to increase our contract value or pricing to offset these
cost increases, particularly with grants or fixed price contracts. This could adversely affect our operating profits and margins particularly
if the increased inflation continues. Similarly, expected increases in interest rates from recent historical lows in the U.S. and in
other countries in which we operate could negatively impact financial markets and tighten the availability of, and increase our cost
of capital, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Tightening of credit in financial
markets also could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations.
Similarly, such tightening of credit may adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers
to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. In addition, geopolitical risks could affect government priorities, budgets and policies,
which could impact sales of defense and other products and services. 

8 

The Covid pandemic has
affected and may continue to affect our supply chain and operations. 

The ongoing Covid-19 pandemic has negatively affected our business,
supply chains, and operations. As a result of Covid-19, governments, businesses and individuals have taken actions such as instituting
closures, lockdowns, quarantines, and travel restrictions and requirements, adopting remote working. Lockdowns and labor shortages resulting
from Covid-19, as well as the continuing economic recovery, negatively impacted global supply capabilities. Decreases in the availability
of supplies, increases in the cost of supplies, and delivery issues have caused shortages and delays, as well as increased costs, for
the procurement of raw materials, components and other supplies required for our performance. The global economic, supply and demand uncertainties
caused by Covid-19 remain. Due to the continued effects of Covid-19 and related uncertainty, we expect to continue to experience the challenges
described above for an uncertain period of time into the future. 

Moreover, if developments
in the pandemic limit our workforce or those of our suppliers from working effectively, such business disruptions could hinder our research
or otherwise impede our ability to perform on our obligations to customers and may result in increased costs. Developments in the pandemic
may affect our ability to hire, develop and retain our talented and diverse workforce, and to maintain our corporate culture. It is critical
that we find and train new qualified personnel. The pandemic also may materially impact U.S. government contracts and grants, including
changes or shifts in defense spending due to budgetary constraints, the allocation of funds to governmental responses to Covid-19, a
failure to complete the government budget process resulting in a Continuing Resolution (CR) or a government shutdown, or delayed or reduced
funding of programs. 

Although, in the US, hospitalization and death rates have moderated
in recent months, the duration of the Covid-19 pandemic remains uncertain. Its future impact depends on developments concerning its scope,
severity and duration, the effect of additional variants and whether additional outbreaks of the pandemic will continue to occur, the
efficacy, acceptance, distribution and availability of vaccines, new or continued attempts to contain the pandemic s spread or treat
its impact, and governmental, business and individual personal responses (including restrictions and limitations on travel and transportation)
among others. Some of the pandemic s impacts may continue into the future even after the virus itself no longer poses a significant
public health risk. Any of these factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity. 

Changes in US government
spending could negatively affect our business. 

Substantially all of our
current and planned near-term revenues are or may be from US government contracts and grants awarded under various programs, primarily
with the Department of Defense (DoD), and, possibly, with intelligence agencies and other departments and agencies. Changes in US government
spending for various reasons, including as a result of potential changes in policy positions or priorities, could negatively impact our
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our programs are subject to US government policies, budget decisions and appropriation
processes which are driven by macroeconomic and geopolitical factors as well as Congress s ability to enact, and the administration s
willingness to execute, appropriations bills and other legislation. In recent years, the US government has been unable to complete its
budget process before the end of its fiscal year, resulting in government shutdowns and Continuing Resolutions emergency funding only
at prior-year levels. In addition, failure to raise the debt ceiling could cause the U.S. government to default on debts which it has
already incurred. U.S. government spending levels and available program funding are thus hard to estimate in the medium- and long-term.
Significant changes in U.S. government spending or changes in U.S. government priorities, policies and requirements could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

We face risks relating
to performance of our US government contracts and our ability to secure additional contracts and/or grants. 

Our success depends on our
ability to complete timely and satisfactory performance on our existing customer projects and to secure additional grants and contracts.
Performance delays, cost overruns, technology failures, materials or components shortages, or contract delays, could negatively impact
our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. U.S. government contracts generally permit the government
to terminate the contract, in whole or in part, without prior notice, at the U.S. government s convenience or for default based
on performance. Correspondingly, subcontracts which we may seek to enter with prime government contractors, may be terminable by the
prime contractor upon government termination of the prime contract. We may be unable secure additional contracts to offset any revenues
lost as a result of the termination of any such contracts. 

Because the funding of U.S.
government programs is subject to congressional appropriations made on a fiscal year basis even for multi-year programs, programs are
often only partially funded initially and may not continue to be funded in future years. Appropriation bills may be delayed, which may
result in delays to funding, the collection of receivables and our contract performance due to lack of authorized funds to procure related
products and services. Under certain circumstances, we may use our own funds to meet our customer s delivery dates or other requirements,
and we may not be reimbursed. If appropriations for programs are reduced or delayed, the U.S. government may terminate any contract or
subcontract under that program. 

9 

The growth of our business depends on the development, application
and manufacture of advanced technology and products aimed at achieving challenging goals. New technologies may be untested or unproven
and, in some instances, product requirements or specifications need to be developed. This could result in performance difficulties, delays,
cost overruns or failures which could require additional resources to address. Any failure to execute timely and effectively on our current
programs could hamper future contracting opportunities. We may also need to invest in internal research and development projects in order
to achieve certain grants or contracts, as our customers may demand proven concepts and solutions. These expenditures may not pay off
if we are not awarded the intended grants or contracts. 

Under certain types of government
contracts, if we are unable to control costs or if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, our profitability could be negatively affected,
particularly under fixed-price development contracts. We may also experience cost underruns which would reduce contract value and related
expected revenues, and we may be unable to expand the contract scope or secure additional work to offset the resulting lost revenues.
We anticipate that any future contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges will typically be cost
reimbursable. However, if they are firm fixed price or fixed price incentive contracts, such challenges and unexpected costs increases
may impact our results of operations. US government contracts also require compliance with extensive and evolving procurement and other
rules and regulations and subject us to potential audits, investigations, and disputes. We may also become involved in programs that
are classified by the US government, which have security requirements that place limits on our ability to discuss our performance on
these programs, including any risks, disputes and claims. 

We may be unable to adequately
protect our intellectual property rights, which could affect our ability to sustain the value of such assets. 

Protecting our intellectual
property rights is critical to our ability to maintain the value of our intellectual property portfolio. We hold a number of United States
patents and patent applications, as well as trademarks, and registrations which are necessary and contribute significantly to the preservation
of our competitive position in the market. We can offer no assurance that any of these patents or future patent applications and other
intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties. In some instances, we may seek to augment
our technology base by licensing the proprietary intellectual property of others, but we may be unable to obtain necessary licenses on
commercially reasonable terms. We have entered into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees and consultants
and entered into nondisclosure agreements with suppliers, potential job candidates, and appropriate customers so as to limit access to
and disclosure of our proprietary information. These measures may not suffice to deter misappropriation or independent third-party development
of similar technologies. Based on our current financial condition, we may not have the funds available to enforce and protect our intellectual
properties. 

We may face claims of
infringement of proprietary rights. 

There is a risk that a third
party may claim our products and technologies infringe on their proprietary rights. Whether or not our products infringe on proprietary
rights of third parties, infringement or invalidity claims may be asserted or prosecuted against us and we could incur significant expense
in defending them. If any claims or actions are asserted against us, we may not have the funds necessary to defend against such claims.
Our failure to do so could adversely affect the value of our intellectual property. 

Management has broad discretion
over the selection of our business and prospective business opportunities. 

Any person who invests in
our securities will do so without an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our prospective business and business opportunities.
As a result, investors will be entirely dependent on the broad discretion and judgment of management in connection with the selection
of a prospective business. The business decisions made by our management may not be successful. 

We depend on the recruitment
and retention of qualified personnel, and failure to attract and retain such personnel could seriously harm our business. 

Due to the specialized nature
of our businesses, our future performance is highly dependent upon the continued services of our key engineering and scientific personnel.
Our prospects for obtaining government contracts or significant commercial contracts depend upon our ability to attract and retain qualified
engineering, scientific and manufacturing personnel for our operations. Competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful
in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. Our failure to compete for these personnel could seriously harm our business, results
of operations and financial condition. Additionally, since the majority of our business involves technologies that are classified due
to national security reasons, we must hire U.S. Citizens who have the ability to obtain a security clearance. This further reduces our
potential labor pool. 

10 

Our future success will
depend on our ability to develop and commercialize technologies and applications that address the needs of our markets. 

Both our defense and commercial
markets are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards. Accordingly, our future performance depends
on a number of factors, including our ability to identify emerging technological trends in our target markets; develop and maintain competitive
products; enhance our products by improving performance and adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of
our competitors; develop and manufacture and bring products to market on-time and on-budget; and enter into suitable arrangements for
volume production of mature products. 

We believe that, in order
to be competitive in the future, we will need to continue to develop and commercialize technologies and products, which will require
the investment of financial and engineering resources. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may in the future experience
delays in completing development and introduction on a commercial scale of new products. Any delays could result in increased costs of
development, deflect resources from other projects or incur loss of contracts. 

In addition, there can be
no assurance that the market for our technologies and products will develop or continue to expand as we currently anticipate. The failure
of our technology to gain market acceptance could significantly reduce any ability to generate revenue and harm our business. Furthermore,
we cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing or differing technologies which gain market acceptance in advance of
our products. The possibility that our competitors might develop new technology or products might cause our existing technology and products
to become obsolete or create significant price competition. If we fail in our new product development and commercialization efforts or
our products fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, our revenue will decline and our business, financial
condition and results of operations will be negatively affected. 

We heavily depend on key
personnel, for the successful execution of our business plan. The loss of one or more key members of our management team could have a
material adverse effect on our business prospects. 

We are highly dependent upon Gregory J. Quarles, our Chief Executive
Officer, Christopher Donaghey, our Chief Financial and Operating Officer, and Stephen McCahon, our Chief Scientist. We depend on Drs.
Quarles s and McCahon s decades of expertise for the marketing and development of our technology. We also depend upon their
global visibility and outreach as well as Mr. Donaghey s and our directors networks of contacts and experience to recruit
key talent to the company. We do not have key-man insurance on any of these individuals. Loss of the services of any of these key members
of our management team, or of our Board of Directors ability to identify and hire key talent, could have a material adverse effect
on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Although a key component of our growth strategy is succession
planning and hiring additional key personnel, we may be unable to achieve this in the near term given constraints in the labor market
and our interest in recruiting highly qualified professionals. 

If we are unable to hire
additional qualified personnel, our business prospects may suffer. 

Our success and achievement
of our business plans depend upon our ability to recruit, hire, train and retain additional highly qualified technical and managerial
personnel. Competition for qualified employees among high technology companies is intense, and any inability to attract, retain and motivate
additional highly skilled employees required for the implementation of our business plans and activities could strongly impact our business.
Our inability to attract and retain the necessary technical and managerial personnel and scientific, regulatory and other consultants
and advisors could materially damage our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The market for our technology
has a limited number of potential customers. 

Given the highly specialized
nature of our technology, the potential market for our products is limited to a relative few potential customers who tend to allocate
significant budgeted amounts to selected projects. Currently, we are marketing our technology and focusing our research and development
on the defense sector, in which demand is ultimately determined primarily by the US federal defense budget and the needs and priorities
of the Department of Defense and its various agencies. The potential customers in this area are defense agencies for direct contacts
and major defense contractors for subcontracts. Thus, the demand for our products depends on their needs for our technology and selecting
us for research and development. Although we intend to diversify into other applications for our technology and markets, we cannot be
certain that opportunities in those markets will present themselves when we are ready, or that we will otherwise be able, to do so. 

11 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

We are subject to the
penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to their customers
prior to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure requirements, coupled with our status as a former shell company, may cause
a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock, and make it difficult for our stockholders to sell their securities. 

Rule 3a51-1 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 establishes the definition of a penny stock, for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that
has a minimum bid price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a limited number
of exceptions which are not available to us. This classification would severely and adversely affect any market liquidity for our common
stock. 

For any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions
in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity
and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker
or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination
that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial
matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must
also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market,
which, in highlight form, sets forth: 

The basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability
determination; and 

That the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement
from the investor prior to the transaction 

Disclosure also has to be
made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commission payable to both the
broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor
in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the
penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Because of these regulations
and restrictions, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter
difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling stockholders or other holders
to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These
additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our common stock. In addition, the liquidity for our common
stock may decrease, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our common stock. Our common stock, in all probability, will be subject
to such penny stock rules and other restrictions for the foreseeable future and our stockholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult
to sell their shares of common stock. 

Because we are a former
shell company, our stockholders face restrictions on their reliance on rule 144 to sell their shares. 

Historically, the SEC staff
has taken the position that rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously
were, shell companies, like AE. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the
use of rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any
issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however,
if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

12 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports
and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required
to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

We expect that we will be
able to meet all of these requirements in the future, but unknown future events and circumstances could change that outcome. As a result,
pursuant to rule 144, stockholders who receive our restricted securities in a private placement or a business combination may not be
able to sell our shares without registration for up to one year after we have completed the private placement or business combination. 

We currently maintain our
cash balances at a commercial bank which has been under scrutiny during the recent regulatory concerns over regional bank closures and
balance sheet weaknesses, which could jeopardize our cash reserves or access thereto when needed. We maintain a large percentage of
our cash balances with Western Alliance Bank which came under scrutiny in March 2023, as two regional banks were closed, and the Treasury
Department, Federal Reserve and FDIC had to implement emergency measures to assure depositors at other regional banks that their deposits
were safe. At times, our bank balances exceed FDIC limits. As of December 31, 2022, 5,390,308 of our cash balance was uninsured. We continue
to monitor our banking arrangement and have taken measures to diversify our cash holdings into interest bearing cash equivalents and auxiliary
cash accounts to maximize our insurance coverage. As of March 21, 2023, we had reduced our uninsured deposits to 2,389,257 and continue
to explore additional diversification options. 

A large number of shares
of our common stock could be sold in the market in the near future, which could depress our stock price. 

As of March 16, 2023, we
had outstanding 211,033,255 shares of common stock. Approximately 100 million of our shares are currently freely trading without restriction
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The remaining shares have been held by their holders for over one year and are thus eligible
for sale under Rule 144(k) of the Securities Act. Sale of these shares into the market could depress our stock price. Provisions of our
corporate charter documents could delay or prevent change of control. 

Provisions of our corporate
charter documents could delay or prevent change of control. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock without stockholder approval,
in one or more series and to fix the dividend rights, terms, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights and terms, liquidation
preferences, and any other rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions applicable to each new series of preferred stock. In addition,
our Certificate of Incorporation divides our board of directors into three classes, serving staggered three-year terms. At least two
annual meetings, instead of one, will be required to effect a change in a majority of our board of directors. The designation of preferred
stock in the future and the classification of our Board of Directors, could make it difficult for third parties to gain control of our
company, prevent or substantially delay a change in control, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium, or otherwise adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. Moreover, the holders of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock have a right to put their
shares to the company for an amount equal to the liquidation preference of approximately 340,000 plus unpaid dividends (approximately
 332,000 as of December 31, 2022), in the event of a change of control. Such right could hinder our ability to sell our assets or merge
with another company. 

The redemption and dividend
provisions of our outstanding preferred stock are onerous due to our current financial condition. 

The company has redeemed
substantially all of its outstanding preferred stock. At December 31, 2022, 13,602 shares were outstanding with a liquidation preference
of approximately 340,000 and unpaid dividends of 332,000. As of March 1, 2023, the liquidation preference of our outstanding preferred
stock plus unpaid dividends thereon was approximately 662,000. If an event occurs that would require us to redeem the preferred stock,
we may not have the required cash to do so. 

In addition, our annual dividend
payment on the preferred stock is approximately 34,000, which will further deplete our cash. We have not paid the dividends commencing
with the quarterly dividend due August 1, 2013, and, as a result, the dividend rate has increased to 10 per annum and will remain at
that level until such failure no longer continues. These terms may also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities or complete
an acquisition. 

13 

The COVID-19 pandemic
is slowing the process of applying for and awarding government contracts and could impair our ability to expand our research and development
capacity or raise additional funding if needed. 

The ongoing global pandemic has caused disruption in certain government
contracting processes and procedures and made travel and other necessities for securing such contracts more difficult. In addition, to
the extent that any of our personnel or consultants are affected by the virus, this could cause delays or disruption in our research and
development program and affect our ability to execute our plan of operations. The pandemic has also caused unpredictability in capital
markets. If this uncertainty continues, it could make it more difficult for companies, including ours, to access capital. It is currently
difficult to estimate with any certainty how long the pandemic and resulting will continue, and its effect on capital markets and our
ability to raise funds in the future is, accordingly, difficult to quantify. The pandemic has also caused unpredictability in the supply
chain which could cause delays in our procurement and product development. 

Any issuance of additional
securities in conjunction with a business or financing opportunity which will result in a dilution of present stockholders ownership. 

Our certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of common stock. As of March 16, 2023, we have approximately 211,033,255 shares issued
and outstanding. If funding opportunities present themselves on favorable terms, we may issue additional shares to fund our business
or in connection with our pursuit of new business opportunities and new business operations. To the extent that additional shares of
common stock are issued, our stockholders would experience dilution of their respective ownership interests. If we issue shares of common
stock in connection with our intent to pursue new business opportunities, a change in control of our company could occur. The issuance
of additional shares of common stock may also adversely affect the market price of our common stock, particularly given the historically
low trading volume in the market for our common stock. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Effective March 15, 2021,
we entered into a Lease Agreement with Campus Research Corporation, for approximately 13,000 rentable square feet of office, laboratory
and production space located at the University of Arizona Science and Technology Park at 9070 South Rita Road, Suite 1500, Tucson, AZ.
This space is outfitted with a Class 1000 (ISO Class 6) clean room and laboratory, office and conference facilities. These
facilities are adequate for our current and expected level of operations. 

The lease term began May
1, 2021, and ends on April 30, 2026. The base rent is currently 9.2009 per rentable square foot and is set to escalate to 11.4806 in
year three, 13.1740 in year four and 14.9306 in year five, plus certain operating expenses and taxes. 

Our aggregate rent expense,
including common area maintenance costs, was approximately 149,000 and 155,000 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

See Note 8 to our 2022 Consolidated
Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference for information with respect to our lease commitments as of December
31, 2022. 

14 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
July 3, 2019, Gusrae, Kaplan Nusbaum and its partner, Ryan Whalen filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York against the company, its directors, officers, attorneys and a consultant. The action alleged libel, securities
fraud and related claims. The company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on October 24, 2019. On December 13, 2019, Gusrae Kaplan
and Mr. Whalen filed an opposition to the company s motion. On January 10, 2020, the company filed a reply brief. On August 5,
2021, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal of the action without prejudice. 

On
January 15, 2021, the company filed a complaint in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York, against Gusrae, Kaplan
 Nusbaum and Ryan Whalen for malpractice and breach of New York Rules of Professional Conduct by both parties as former counsel
to the company. On May 28, 2021, Gusrae, Kaplan Nusbaum and Mr. Whalen filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On June 25, 2021,
the company filed an opposition to the motion. On July 13, 2021, Gusrae Kaplan Nusbaum and Mr. Whalen filed their reply brief.
On March 30, 2022, United States Magistrate Judge Debra Freeman signed an order denying the motion of GKN and Mr. Whalen to dismiss the
company s claim for malpractice and for rescission of the shares-for-fees agreement under which GKN and Whalen received shares
of the company s common stock. The motion was partially granted as to the separate claim for violation of NYRPC 1.7 and 1.8 because
the court found that it was duplicative of the malpractice claim. The parties are currently engaged in discovery. No trial date has been
set. 

On
September 7, 2021, Gusrae Kaplan Nusbaum and its partner Ryan Whalen filed a complaint in the New York Supreme Court against the
company, its directors, officers, attorneys and a consultant, alleging a single claim for defamation per se based on the same conduct
underlying their claim of libel in their voluntarily dismissed federal court action. The company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint
on October 29, 2021, to which Gusrae Kaplan Nusbaum and Mr. Whalen filed their opposition on January 13, 2022, and the company
filed its reply brief on February 17, 2022. 

On May 23, 2022, the New York Supreme Court held a hearing on the motion
to dismiss, and Judge Hagler ruled from the bench, granting all defendants , including Applied Energetics , motions to dismiss
the claim, in its entirety, with prejudice. While he noted that defendants arguments regarding the claim being time-barred and
the court lacking personal jurisdiction over certain defendants may have merit, he elected not to rule on those issues as he believed
it appropriate to reach the merits. The judge declined to award sanctions requested by the defendants in this claim. The plaintiffs have
filed a notice of intent to appeal this dismissal but did not file their actual appeal brief within the required time. 

As
with any litigation, the company cannot predict the outcome with certainty, but the company expects to provide further updates on the
status of the litigation as circumstances warrant. 

The
company may, from time to time, be involved in legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business. 

ITEM 4. [RESERVED] 

15 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information and Holders 

Our common stock is currently
quoted for trading on the OTCQB Market, trading under the symbol AERG . On March 15, 2023, the closing price of our common
stock on the OTCQB Market was 2.20. Over-the-counter market quotations, such as on the OTCQB, reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

As of March 29, 2023, there were approximately
396 holders of record of Applied Energetics common stock. 

Unregistered Sale of Securities and Use of Proceeds 

The company has reported all information pertaining
to issuances of equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K in previously filed report on Forms 10-Q
and 8-K. 

Dividends 

Dividends on our Preferred
Stock are payable quarterly on the first day of February, May, August and November, in cash or shares of Common Stock. We paid dividends
via the issuance shares of Common Stock on our 6.5 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in 2011. We paid cash dividends on our 6.5 
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in 2012 and February and May 2013. The company has not paid the dividends commencing with the quarterly
dividend due August 1, 2013. Dividend due as of December 31, 2022 and March 11, 2023 were approximately 331,549 and 338,161, respectively.
Our Board of Directors suspended the declaration of the dividend, commencing with the dividend payable as of February 1, 2015, because
we did not have a surplus (as such term is defined in the Delaware General Corporation Law) as of December 31, 2014. The Board anticipates
continuing such suspension until such time as we have a surplus, or net profit, for a fiscal year. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Item 12. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following
management discussion and analysis MD A together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A and with our audited
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere herein. 

Overview 

Applied Energetics, Inc.,
specializes in the development and manufacture of advanced high-performance lasers and optical systems, high voltage electronics, and
integrated guided energy systems for prospective defense, national security, industrial, biomedical, and scientific customers worldwide. 

Gregory J. Quarles serves
as our President and Chief Executive officer and, pursuant to a consulting agreement with an LLC wholly owned by him, Dr. Stephen W.
McCahon serves as our Chief Scientist. AE has continued to expand its technical capabilities with the addition of employees, consultants
and contractors, and agreements with several of the leading laser and optics universities in the country. The team at Applied Energetics
continued to expand during 2022 and into early 2023, with the addition of nine new employees, including its Chief Operating and Financial
Officer, one junior and one midlevel scientist, two laser technicians, a part-time senior product development advisor, an engineering
project manager, in-house counsel, a finance manager and an executive assistant. AE also works with a team of world-class contractors
to strengthen our human resources, compliance, public relations, IT, and technical staff supporting the research and development in the
laboratory. 

16 

AE owns and protects intellectual property that is integral and necessary
for the development of Ultrashort Pulse USP Lasers, Laser Guided Energy LGE and Direct Discharge
Electrical products for military and commercial applications. AE currently owns 27 patents and an additional 11 Government Sensitive Patent
Applications GSPA ). These GSPA s are held under secrecy orders of the US government and allow the company greatly
extended protection rights, including having no expiration date until such time as they are no longer classified after which they will
have the normal 20-year patent protection. The company also has seven pending patent applications and one provisional patent application
which is undergoing conversion to its non-provisional form. We continue to file patent applications as we deem appropriate to protect
our intellectual property and enhance our competitive advantage. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, our business development efforts began to come to fruition as AE was awarded a research grant by the U.S. Marine Corps and
a Phase I STTR contract by the U.S. Army. In May 2022, Applied Energetics was awarded a 3.89 million, two-year grant from the Department
of the Navy, Office of Naval Research (ONR), to develop an optical system capable of defeating customer-specified threats for integration
onto U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) platforms. We were awarded this grant to accelerate the development and testing of Infrared (IR) optical
technology with an ultrashort pulse laser (USPL) system. The overall objective is to advance and ruggedize optical technologies that
can be fielded on a variety of USMC platforms and are able to operate in harsh conditions. 

We also executed a Phase
I Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) contract with the U.S. Army on June 2, 2022. The objective of the contract was the delivery
of an ultra-broadband infrared (IR) source. Under this contract, Applied Energetics, modeled novel approaches for the eye-safe delivery
of ultra-broadband infrared laser pulses to electro-optic sensors. Electro-Optical/Infrared (EO/IR) sensors are imaging systems used
for military applications. The STTR program is a federally funded initiative to incorporate small business technological innovation into
government supported research and development programs. STTRs require the small business to team with a university or non-profit and
are structured in three potential phases. Applied Energetics proposed to partner with the James C. Wyant College of Optical Sciences
at the University of Arizona for Phase I. 

We began work on each of
these projects and completed the last deliverable under the STTR contract during the year. We anticipate producing all deliverables required
under the grant in a successful and timely manner. 

Prior to receiving the above-described
grant and contract, we had experienced delays in responses to multiple proposals we had submitted to government agencies due to the Covid-19
related closures of these agencies and work-from-home orders across various regions of the United States, as resources were focused on
other matters within the government. Since the reopening of proposal reviews and processing, AE s team has been invited to, and
completed, multiple briefings focused on our capabilities and our submissions. However, this positive action by the agencies could be
reversed as Covid remains an ongoing risk. Any changes to reinstate the closures or work-from-home orders could again hamper the ability
of the AE team to schedule on-site briefings for our proposals undergoing review. 

In addition to these review-based
delays, the US federal budgets for both 2022 and 2023 were not approved by Congress by the start of the U.S. federal government fiscal
year, which is October 1 of the preceding year. In September of 2021 and 2022, Congress passed, and the president signed, continuing
resolutions CRs ), to extend federal government funding through December 3, 2021, and December 16, 2022, respectively.
On December 2, 2021, a second CR was signed into law, extending funded operations through February 18, 2022, and then a third CR was
signed on February 17, 2022, extending funding through March 11, 2022. The final appropriations bill was signed into law by President
Biden on the night of March 11, 2022. Similarly, on December 16, 2022, a second CR for fiscal 2023 was signed into law, extending funding
through December 23, 2022, and on December 22, 2022, a third CR was signed into law, extending funding through December 30, 2022. The
final appropriations bill was signed into law on December 29, 2022 and, as in the prior year s bill, includes increases in areas
of particular interest to the company. However, the delays and uncertainty around funding may delay allocation of funds or pose a payment
risk for the company under any grants or agreements under which we are already working. 

Strategic Plan and Analysis 

We
plan to continue building our management team with highly qualified individuals. We intend to recruit additional personnel in the areas
of R D, science and simulation, marketing and finance, and, possibly add members to our Board of Directors and our Board of Advisors.
We have worked to align key innovations with our roadmap to encourage and enable internal filing for a broad, strategic and robust intellectual
property portfolio and continue surveying the literature for acquisitions of parallel intellectual property to that end. We also intend
to pursue strategic corporate acquisitions in related fields and technology. We continue to explore any favorable equity financing opportunities. 

17 

Our
goal with the Applied Energetics Strategic Plan is to increase the energy, peak power and frequency agility of USP optical sources while
decreasing the size, weight, and cost of these systems. We are in the process of developing this breadth of very high peak power USP lasers
and additional optical sources that have a very broad range of applicability for threat disruption for the Department of Defense, commercial,
and biomedical applications such as biophotonic illumination and imaging. Although the historical market for Applied Energetics 
LGE and USP technology is the U.S. Government, the USP technologies are expected to provide numerous platforms for commercial additive
and subtractive manufacturing and biomedical and imaging markets, creating a substantially larger market for our products to address.
Since 2020, the Applied Energetics team was able to develop partnership and teaming arrangements with the three leading laser and optics
institutes in the United States, namely, the University of Arizona, the University of Central Florida, and the University of Rochester
Laboratory for Laser Energetics. Our desire is to work on programs jointly where the strengths of each organization can assist in escalating
knowledge and delivery of systems to the government sponsors, and to train the next generation of scientists and engineers to work in
the directed energy fields. 

Despite
the challenges posed by COVID-19, we have continued to execute our business development plans, further our research and development program
and submit filings for intellectual property and proposals for grants and contracts. During the past two fiscal years, we submitted multiple
proposals and have been engaged in meetings on a daily and weekly basis with various agencies and departments both remotely and in person
in Washington, DC and at various other government facilities. Having received a significant research grant and an STTR contract during
the second quarter of 2022, we believe the interest in our technology and applications remains high, and we continue to submit proposals
for all appropriate opportunities and share our vision of the disruptive capabilities of USP optical sources for both near- and far-term
threats and dual-use commercial applications. 

Through our analysis of the market, and in discussions
with potential customers, we remain convinced that customers are becoming more receptive and interested in directed energy technologies.
According to the US Department of Defense fiscal budgets from 2017 through 2023, its directed energy spending grew from approximately
 500 million in 2017 to over 1.695 billion in 2023, an increase of nearly 240 . Market analysis and projections have estimated that
this directed energy sector is anticipated to exceed 10.1 billion globally by 2026. We continue to be optimistic about our future and
the growing opportunities in directed energy applications, especially since this growth to nearly 1.7 B annually is being accomplished
without a recognized Program of Record (POR) for directed energy platforms. Once these technologies are funded in production for a POR,
these DOD budgets for DE will grow exponentially larger to support the technology insertion. The Applied Energetics team anticipates
a continuation of strong funding for the directed energy community. With our existing patent portfolio, and through further advancements
of our technologies, we believe we have the substantial building blocks needed to become a significant and successful developer in our
USP and LGE marketplaces. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates,
judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its assumptions
on historical experiences and on various other inputs and estimates that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. In addition, management considers the basis and methodology used in developing and selecting these estimates, the trends in
and amounts of these estimates, specific matters affecting the amount of and changes in these estimates, and any other relevant matters
related to these estimates, including significant issues concerning accounting principles and financial statement presentation. Such
estimates and assumptions could change in the future as more information becomes known which could impact the amounts reported and disclosed
herein. 

Share-Based Payments 

Stock-based compensation
cost is measured at grant date, based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period. 

18 

The fair value of each option grant is estimated at the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation model. We make the following assumptions relative to this model: (i) the annual dividend
yield is zero as we do not pay dividends on our common stock, (ii) the weighted-average expected life is based on a midpoint scenario,
where the expected life is determined to be half of the time from grant to expiration, regardless of vesting, (iii) the risk free interest
rate is based on the U.S. Treasury security rate for the expected life, and (iv) the volatility is based on the level of fluctuations
in our historical share price for a period approximately equal to the weighted-average expected life. We estimate forfeitures when recognizing
compensation expense and adjust this estimate over the requisite service period should actual forfeitures differ from such estimates.
Changes in estimated forfeitures are recognized through a cumulative adjustment, which is recognized in the period of change and which
impacts the amount of unamortized compensation expense to be recognized in future periods. 

Income Taxes 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized currently for the future tax consequences attributable to the temporary differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax
rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A valuation allowance is recorded
to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. 

Results of Operations 

Our consolidated financial
information for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 1,307,757 
 - 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 305,675 
 - 
 
 Gross Profit 
 1,002,082 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 6,129,781 
 4,903,081 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 321,384 
 317,350 
 
 Research and development 
 320,506 
 281,896 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 6,771,671 
 5,502,327 
 
 Other income/(expenses): 

Other income 
 1,674 
 81,218 
 
 Interest (expense) 
 (3,727 
 (4,344 
 
 Other income/(expense) 
 (2,053 
 76,874 
 
 Loss before provision of income taxes 
 (5,771,642 
 (5,425,453 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 (5,771,642 
 (5,425,453 

Revenue 

Revenue increased by approximately
 1,308,000 to approximately 1,308,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from zero for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenues
for the 2022 period were from a contract and a grant that we received and commenced performing in June 2022. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue increased
by approximately 306,000 to approximately 306,000 for year ended December 31, 2022, from zero during the year ended December 31, 2021.
This represents costs directly associated with the contract and grant that company commenced in June 2022. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative
expenses increased approximately 1,226,700 to 6,130,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 4,903,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease of approximately 24,000 in professional expenses, an increase in salaries
and employee benefits of approximately 912,000, in IT costs of approximately 22,000, in depreciation expense of approximately 56,000
and in insurance of 67,000. The remaining increase of approximately 198,000 consists of office supplies, equipment rental, travel, meals
and investor relations expenses. 

19 

Selling and Marketing 

Selling and Marketing expenses
increased approximately 4,000 to 321,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 317,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, primarily due to the continuation of business development activities through our Master Services Agreement with Westpark
Advisors as well as the addition of other consultants in this field. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses
increased approximately 39,000 to 321,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 282,000 the year ended December
31, 2021, primarily assets that were placed into service during the last two quarters of 2022 that are actively being used to generate
work in progress research and development of the company core technologies. 

Other Income/(Expense) 

Other income decreased approximately
 80,000 to (2,000) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 77,000 for the year ended December 31. 2021, primarily due to
the partial forgiveness of the company s PPP loan. 

Net Loss 

Our operations in 2022 resulted
in a net loss of approximately 5,772,000, an increase of approximately 346,500 compared to the approximately 5,425,500 net loss for
2021, primarily due to increases in general and administrative and research and development expenses, partially offset by higher revenue
and a decrease in selling and marketing expense. 

Trend Discussion 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, as we received our ONR grant and STTR contract with the Army, we recognized revenues as we performed these services and also
recorded related costs. Costs under this grant and contract were amplified by ongoing system-wide supply chain disruptions,resulting primarily
from the Covid-19 pandemic, shortages of items like semiconductor chips, and related systemic issues, and general inflation. In particular,
micro-electronic and semiconductor chip shortages are still impacting supply chains, and as such, can impact our ability to execute and
deliver technology to meet demands of our customers. These costs and supply issues also may affect any internal research and development
programs, and we anticipate that they will continue for at least the near term. 

Our costs and the timing of our performance under
grants and contracts are also affected by trends in the US labor market, particularly, recruiting of scientists and technicians. We are
currently onboarding three new employees and expect to continue to hire in the next three quarters. We had observed some limited availability
in this market, but in early 2023, this has improved, and we anticipate being able to locate and retain the necessary personnel for the
foreseeable future. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. At December 31, 2022, the company had total current assets of 6,086,231 and total current liabilities
of 756,532, resulting in working capital surplus of 5,329,699. At December 31, 2022, we had 5,640,308 of cash and cash equivalents,
an increase of 1,977,693 from 3,662,615 at December 31, 2021. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the net cash outflow from operating activities was 3,929,837. This amount was comprised primarily of our net loss of 5,771,642.
This was offset by non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 1,776,140, amortization of future compensation payable of 416,666, amortization
of prepaid assets of 221,352, loss on disposal of equipment of 14,540, depreciation and amortization expense of 73,519, and the amortization
of right of use assets of 112,613. Additionally, net cash used from changes in assets and liabilities totaled 773,025. This included
an increase in accounts receivable 353,149, increase in prepaid and deposits of 270,735, a decrease in accounts payable of 78,412 and
a decrease in operating lease liabilities of 76,288. This is offset by an increase in accrued expenses and compensation of 5,499. 

20 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the net cash outflow from investing activities was 74,184. This was for the acquisition of equipment. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash flows from financing
activities were 5,981,709. This amount consisted of 175,435 in proceeds on a note payable for insurance premium financing, 19,069 from
the exercise of options, and 6,586,198 in proceeds from the issuance and sale of 2,993,727 shares of common stock, to investors in a
private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which was offset by 798,988 in conjunction with the
monthly repayment of the note for the company s insurance premium financing and AOS note. The proceeds from a subscription payable
represent funding received as part of a pending private placement of equity. 

On April 28, 2020, AE was
awarded a loan for 132,760 through the Small Business Administration (SBA) Paycheck Protection Program (PPP). The terms of this loan
were twenty-four months with a 1 annual interest rate. These funds were issued to cover payroll costs over 8 weeks of May and June 2020.
Through the utilization of this PPP loan, AE was able to keep all employees fully engaged during these two months of the pandemic. Accordingly,
on July 2, 2021, we received a letter from our bank, via the SBA, approving conversion of 80,593.55 of the loan to a grant. Between
January and April 2022, the company fully repaid the balance of the loan in four monthly installments at the 1 annual interest rate
and no amounts remain outstanding. 

Based on the company s
current business plan, we believe our cash balance as of the date of this report, along with anticipated revenues from our recently received
ONR grant and STTR agreement, will be sufficient to meet the company s anticipated cash requirements for the near term. However,
there can be no assurance that the current business plan will be achievable. 

The company s existence
is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations. Management is devoting a significant portion of its efforts
to developing additional business and raising capital, as needed, but cannot be certain that these efforts will be successful. Management s
business development efforts may not result in profitable operations. To fund its research and development and marketing efforts, the
company s management continues to explore possible financing opportunities through discussions with investment bankers and private
investors. The company may not be successful in its effort to secure additional financing on terms it considers favorable. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

Additionally, the Russian
military action in Ukraine and related economic sanctions around the globe could impact the company s ability to source necessary
supplies and equipment which could materially and adversely affect its ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, the company s
ability to continue as a going concern may depend on its ability to raise capital which may be impacted by these events, including as
a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity. This may result in third-party financing being unavailable on
terms acceptable to the company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact
on the company s financial position and results of operations are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Budgeting for upcoming expenses and costs of supplies and equipment
needed to perform our ONR grant, described under Recent Developments above, and any other contracts or grants we receive
in the future, requires that we estimate factors such as inflation and geo-political events that affect such expenses and costs. The cost
of labor continues to increase across many sectors of the US and global economy which is likely to drive up our general and administrative
expenses as well as the cost of personnel working directly and indirectly on our grants and contracts. This aspect of inflation is particularly
difficult given the highly skilled nature of this work. Inflation is also likely to impact the price of supplies and materials we must
purchase in order to perform grants and contracts, some of which may have been bid on based on cost structures which were submitted during
periods of lower inflation. In addition, the war in Ukraine and other related geo-political events have further limited the number of
countries from which we can source certain supplies and equipment. These limitations can range from outright prohibitions to strong discouragement
based on potentially sensitive information. We continually monitor these events and the markets for needed supplies in order to make the
best estimates possible, both in our internal budgeting and in any bids or proposals we submit. 

21 

Contractual Obligations: 

The following table summarize
our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022: 

Payment by Period 

Total 
 Less than 1 Year 
 1 to 5 Years 

Notes payable 
 400,000 
 400,000 
 - 
 
 Due to affiliate 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 
 Leases 
 507,000 
 143,000 
 364,000 
 
 Total 
 957,000 
 593,000 
 364,000 

The above table does not
include the dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock. Assuming that there is no conversion of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock into shares of common stock, the dividends are approximately 34,000 each year (approximately 9,000 each quarter). 

Leases: 

In March 2021, the company
signed a five-year lease for an 11,000 usable square foot (13,000 rentable square foot) laboratory/office space in Tucson. The lease term
commences May 1, 2021 and ends on April 30, 2026. The base rent is 6.7626 per rentable square foot for year one, and escalates to 9.2009
in year two, 11.4806 in year three, 13.1740 in year four and 14.9306 in year five, plus certain operating expenses and taxes. 

Preferred Stock 

The Series A Preferred Stock
has a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share. The Series A Preferred Stock bears dividends at an initial rate of 6.5 of the liquidation
preference per share per annum, which accrues from the date of issuance, and is payable quarterly. We have not paid dividends commencing
with the quarterly dividend due August 1, 2013 and, as a result, the dividend rate has increased to 10 per annum and will remain at
that level until such failure is cured. Dividends due as of December 31, 2022, and March 11, 2023, were approximately 322,000 and 338,000,
respectively. 

The holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock have a right to put the stock to the company for an aggregate amount equal to the liquidation preference (approximately
 340,000) plus unpaid dividends of 331,549 as of December 31, 2022, in the event of a change in control. Dividends are payable in: (i)
cash, (ii) shares of our common stock (valued for such purpose at 95 of the weighted average of the last sales prices of our common
stock for each of the trading days in the ten trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the applicable dividend payment
date), provided that the issuance and/or resale of all such shares of our common stock are then covered by an effective registration
statement or (iii) any combination of the foregoing. As of December 31, 2022, there were 13,602 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements: 

Refer to Note 3 of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and pronouncements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement: 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements. 

22 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

In the normal course of business,
our financial position is subject to a variety of risks, such as the ability to collect our accounts receivable and the recoverability
of the carrying values of our long-term assets. We do not presently enter into any transactions involving derivative financial instruments
for risk management or other purposes. 

Our available cash balances
are deposited in bank demand deposit accounts. Substantially all of our cash flows are derived from our operations within the United
States and today we are not subject to market risk associated with changes in foreign exchange rates. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Our Consolidated Financial
Statements, the related notes and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms thereon, are included in Applied Energetics 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and are filed as a part of this report on page F-1 following the signatures. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including
its chief executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. Based on that evaluation our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our chief executive
and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the company s assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the management and directors of the company;
and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

23 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management, including
our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework). This assessment included an evaluation of the
design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on our
assessment under the criteria described above, the CFO has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal controls over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the SEC rules that permit
smaller reporting companies to provide only management attestation in annual report on Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change
in Applied Energetics internal control over financial reporting for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable 

24 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following is information
with respect to our executive officer and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Position 
 
 Director,
 Term expiring in 

Bradford T. Adamcyzk 
 
 54 
 
 Director and Executive
 Chairman 
 
 2.5
 years 
 
 Gregory J. Quarles 
 
 61 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2.5 years 
 
 Christopher, Donaghey 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 N/A 
 
 Jonathan R. Barcklow 
 
 39 
 
 Director, Vice President, and Secretary 
 
 1.5 years 
 
 John E. Schultz Jr. 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Less than one year 
 
 Mary P. O Hara 
 
 56 
 
 Director, General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 
 2.5 Years 
 
 Stephen W. McCahon 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Scientist and Consultant 
 
 N/A 

Mr. Barcklow served as
Vice President and Secretary until September 8, 2022, upon which Ms. O Hara assumed the office of Secretary, and the board
determined to eliminate the position of Vice President. 

Messrs. Adamczyk and Barcklow
joined the board in March 2018. Mr. Schultz joined the board in November 2018. Dr. Quarles joined the board in May 2019. Ms. O Hara
joined the board in August 2021. 

Bradford T. Adamczyk: Mr. Adamczyk was elected as the company s Chairman in May 2019
and Executive Chairman in November 2022. He served as Principal Executive Officer from August 6, 2018, until becoming Chairman and was
elected as a company director on March 8, 2018. Mr. Adamczyk has over 25 years of experience in investments and financial analysis. He
founded MoriahStone Investment Management in 2013. MoriahStone Investment Management specializes in both public equities and small-cap
private companies. He has also served on the board of advisors of BroVo Spirits, LLC since 2014, becoming its Chairman in 2018. Prior
to founding MoriahStone, he was a senior securities analyst at Columbus Circle Investors in Stamford, CT, where he focused on technology
investments. Mr. Adamczyk started his financial career at Morgan Stanley after receiving his MBA from the University of Michigan. Additionally,
Mr. Adamczyk helped drive the initial recapitalization efforts of Applied Energetics in 2018. He was part of the team that led the 2018
proxy of AE, establishing a new company board and management team and recapitalizing the company to pursue the development of its technology
and IP portfolio. He received his undergraduate degree from Western Michigan University, graduating Magna Cum Laude. 

Gregory J. Quarles: Dr.
Quarles was elected as the company s Chief Executive Officer and as a company director effective May 4, 2019. In January 2021, the
Board also elected him as President of the company. Prior to that time, he had served on the company s Scientific Advisory Board
since March 18, 2017. Before joining Applied Energetics, Dr. Quarles spent the previous six years with Optica (formerly, The Optical Society
of America) in Washington D.C., both as a member of the Board and the Executive Committee and more recently as the Chief Scientific Officer.
His responsibilities at Optica encompassed a broad range of scientific, technical and engineering infrastructure, and included content
development for the Optica meetings portfolio, along with many other related projects, highlighted by his reports to Congress. Moreover,
Dr. Quarles had been personally involved through Optica in the establishment of many crucial partnerships involving major R D laboratories
and global agencies worldwide. This involvement included being a long-standing member of the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry
and Security, and Sensors and Instrumentation Technical Advisory Committee. In addition to his executive leadership, Dr. Quarles is a
well-respected member of the laser development community globally with over 35 years of experience since the award of his Ph.D. from Oklahoma
State University. He is a Fellow in both the SPIE and Optica, a Senior Member of the IEEE and received the Memorial D.S. Rozhdestvensky
Medal from the Russian Optical Society (2015). In 2016, he joined the Oklahoma State University CAS Hall of Fame, and in 1996 received
the R D 100 Award for the Ce:LiSAF Laser System. 

Christopher Donaghey:
 Mr. Donaghey is an experienced financial executive with extensive experience in the defense industry. Mr. Donaghey most recently
served as senior vice president and head of corporate development for Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), a defense
and government agency technology integrator, where he was responsible for executing the company s mergers and acquisitions (M A)
and strategic ventures strategy. He joined SAIC in 2017, as senior vice president of finance for SAIC s operations. Mr. Donaghey
is also a Founder and Executive Board member of the Silicon Valley Defense Group, a non-profit organization whose mission is to create
the nexus of pioneering ideas, people, and capital that will unlock new sources of innovation for national security and power the digital
evolution of the defense industrial base. Prior to joining SAIC, Donaghey was Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development for
KeyW Corporation, a national security solutions provider for the intelligence, cyber and counterterrorism communities, where he guided
the overall corporate strategy, M A, and capital markets activities. Mr. Donaghey was also a senior research analyst for SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets during which time, he was ranked the number one defense analyst and number two analyst overall for
stock selection by Forbes/Starmine in 2005 and was named in the Wall Street Journal Best on the Street survey in 2005, 2008, and 2009. 

25 

Mr. Donaghey served in the
U.S. Navy Reserve where he provided scientific and technical analysis of missile guidance and control systems and advanced electronics
for the Short-Range Ballistic Missile group at the Defense Intelligence Agency s Missile and Space Intelligence Center. Donaghey
earned his bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from Texas Tech University and served as an officer in the U.S. Navy. Mr.
Donaghey served on Applied Energetics Board of Advisors from April 30, 2019 until becoming Chief Operating and Financial Officer. 

Jonathan R. Barcklow: Mr.
Barcklow was elected as the company s Vice President and Secretary on November 12, 2018, and was elected as a company director on
March 8, 2018. Mr. Barcklow has over 15 years of experience in advisory and management consulting services in federal defense and civilian
agencies. He has spent his career in consulting services with both PriceWaterhouseCoopers and KPMG, LLP. Mr. Barcklow has worked at KPMG
since 2010 and currently serves as the Managing Director within KPMG s Federal Management Consulting group leading their Defense
Mission Services portfolio. In leading this 30M portfolio, Mr. Barcklow is responsible for every facet of the businesses operations,
management, profitability and growth planning and oversees a diverse workforce of 150 professionals Over his career, Mr. Barcklow has
been a consultant for a number of federal agencies, including the Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, Federal
Emergency Management Agency, National Science Foundation, Department of the Navy, US Marine Corp, US Air Force, Defense Logistics Agency,
Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the Deputy Chief Management Office. His portfolio primarily focused on large-scale strategic transformations,
technology and innovation, including big data, advanced analytics, AI and machine learning, blockchain, and Internet of Things (IoT) within
DoD entities. Additionally, Mr. Barcklow helped drive the initial recapitalization efforts of Applied Energetics in 2018 and developed
the initial 12-month execution plan for the company s turnaround. Mr. Barcklow graduated from the University of Virginia. 

John E. Schultz Jr.: 
Mr. Schultz was elected as a company director on November 11, 2018. Mr. Schultz has had a long affiliation with Wall Street, having founded
CSG Spectra, Inc., a risk analytics firm, in 1984. He also founded Oak Tree Asset Management Ltd. in 2000, where he actively trades securities
in managed LLC s. Mr. Schultz s strong networks have emphasized outside-the-box investment opportunities and early-stage new
frontier private equity investment deals. Mr. Schultz has an intimate knowledge of Applied Energetics, including its history and financials
and has in the past served as a consultant to the company. Additionally, Mr. Schultz helped drive the initial recapitalization efforts
of Applied Energetics in 2018. He was part of the team that led the 2018 proxy of AE, establishing a new company board and management
team and recapitalizing the company to pursue the development of its technology and IP portfolio. Mr. Schultz is a graduate of California
State University at Long Beach. 

Mary P. O Hara :
Ms. O Hara was appointed to the Board of Directors on August
20, 2021, upon the board s decision to expand its number to five members. Ms. O Hara was appointed General Counsel and Chief
Legal Officer in January 2022 and Secretary in September 2022. She has been in private law practice for over thirty years and has broad
experience in all facets of securities, corporate and commercial law. Prior to her joining the company full time, she was affiliated with
the law firm of Masur, Griffitts, Avidor, LLP and has represented the company for several years. Previously, she was a partner at Hodgson
Russ LLP and an associate at Fulbright Jaworski LLP (now known as Norton Rose Fulbright) and Mayer Brown Platt, LLP (now known
as Mayer Brown LLP). Ms. O Hara has a J.D. from New York University School of Law and a B.A. in Economics, magna cum laude ,
from the University of New Mexico. 

Stephen W. McCahon :
Dr. Stephen McCahon has been a scientific researcher, technology developer, and entrepreneur for over 30 years. He has co-authored more
than 50 scientific publications and has more than 30 patents issued, patents pending, or invention disclosures in preparation for patent
submission. He was a Member of the Research Staff in the Optical Physics Department at the Hughes Research Laboratory in Malibu, California
from 1986 to 1996 performing basic research in the area of optical physics and non-linear optical materials. In 1996, Dr. McCahon moved
to Raytheon (Hughes) Missile Systems Co, in Tucson, AZ during which time as was significantly responsible for the successful creation
and development of the Directed Energy Weapons Product Line and served as its Chief Scientist. He left Raytheon in 2002 to co-found Applied
Energetics Inc. in Tucson, AZ to develop Directed Energy Weapons for the DoD including very high energy and average power USP laser sources
and Laser Guided Energy Technologies. In April 2010 Dr. McCahon left Applied Energetics to form Applied Optical Sciences where he developed
technologies related to the application of optical physics to a broad range of areas, including photonics and USP laser development.
Dr. McCahon is a graduate the University of Southern California (BSEE, MSEE) holds a Ph.D., Photonics, Inter-disciplinary Physics and
Electrical Engineering from the University of Iowa. Since February 2016, he has served as a consultant to the Applied Energetics Board
of Directors. In 2019 Applied Energetics purchased his company Applied Optical Sciences and integrated it into Applied Energetics where
Dr. McCahon currently serves as its Chief Scientist. 

26 

Directors Qualifications, Experience and Skills 

Our directors bring to our
Board a wealth of executive leadership experience and technical knowledge derived from their service, respectively, as senior executives,
founders of industry and legal or financial professionals. Our board members have demonstrated strong business acumen and an ability to
exercise sound judgment and has a reputation for integrity, honesty and adherence to ethical standards. When considering whether directors
and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the Board of Directors to satisfy
its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the company s business and structure, the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee and the Board of Directors focused primarily on the information discussed in each of the Directors individual biographies
set forth above and the specific individual qualifications, experience and skills as described below: 

Mr. Adamczyk s qualifications as a director include his expertise
in corporate finance, strategy and building high performing teams to overcome financial and strategic challenges. Mr. Adamczyk was part
of the team that led the 2018 proxy of AE, establishing a new company board and management team and recapitalizing the company to pursue
the development of its technology and IP portfolio. He, along with the others in this group, continues his work to establish a foundation
of good corporate governance and transparency. 

Dr. Quarles s qualifications as a director include his
experience as director and senior executive in the laser industry with primary focus on the defense and aerospace sector. 

Mr. Barcklow s qualifications as a director include his experience
in management consulting and his knowledge of the defense industry and government contracting. Mr. Barcklow was part of the team that
led the 2018 proxy, establishing a new company board and management team and recapitalizing the company to pursue the development of its
technology and IP portfolio. He, along with the others in this group, continues his work to establish a foundation of good corporate governance
and transparency. 

Mr. Schultz s qualifications as a director include his expertise
in the equity investment industry and has been a friend of Applied Energetics since its public inception in 2004 and has an intimate knowledge
of the company s background, including its history and financials. Mr. Schultz and his entity Oak Tree Asset Management were part
of the team that led the 2018 proxy, establishing a new company board and management team and recapitalizing the company to pursue the
development of its technology and IP portfolio. He, along with the others in this group, continues his work to establish a foundation
of good corporate governance and transparency. 

Ms. O Hara s qualifications as a director include
her many years of experience in securities, corporate and commercial law and the business and financial knowledge she has acquired over
those years as well. 

Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires certain officers and directors of Applied Energetics, and any persons who own more than ten percent of
the common stock outstanding to file forms reporting their initial beneficial ownership of shares and subsequent changes in that ownership
with the SEC. Officers and directors of Applied Energetics, and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are also required to furnish
us with copies of all such Section 16(a) forms they file. Based on a review of these filings, the initial Form 3 for the company s
Chief Financial Officer and a Form 4 reporting a change in ownership for Mr. Schultz, one of the company s directors, were filed
after their respective deadlines. The company does not believe any other officers or directors failed to timely file any required forms
under Section 16(a) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Code of Ethics 

Applied Energetics has adopted
a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of Applied Energetics employees and directors, including its Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (and principal accounting officer). Applied Energetics Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
covers all areas of professional conduct including, but not limited to, conflicts of interest, disclosure obligations, insider trading,
confidential information, as well as compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to Applied Energetics business. 

Our Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct is available upon request made to us in writing at the following address, and will be provided without charge: 

Applied Energetics, Inc. 

Attention: Chief Legal Officer 

9070 S. Rita Road, Suite
1500 

Tucson, AZ 85747 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

The members of the board of
directors continue to evaluate the need and utility of establishing one or more committees of the Board of Directors and to review relevant
legal or regulatory requirements with respect thereto. At present all functions that would be fulfilled by committees are being fulfilled
by the entire board, and the board believes that currently no committees are necessary or legally required. 

27 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table discloses the compensation for the persons who
served as our Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer
and Secretary, and Chief Scientist for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mr. Quarles has been our Chief Executive Officer from
May 6, 2019 to present and was elected President as of January 2022. Ms. O Hara was appointed General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer
in January 2022 and Secretary in September 2022. She and Mr. Adamczyk receive compensation as directors as set forth under Director Compensation
below. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation (1) 
 Total 
 
 Bradford T. Adamczyk, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Gregory J Quarles, 
 2022 
 353,632 
 95,000 
 3,850,454 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 4,299,086 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 304,167 
 112,700 
 - 
 
 4,990 (1) 
 421,857 

Christopher Donaghey, 
 2022 
 145,833 
 - 
 920,000 (2) 
 1,977,796 
 - 
 3,043,629 
 
 Chief Operating and Financial Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 84,000 (2) 
 119,820 
 - 
 203,820 

Mary P. O Hara, 
 2022 
 246,134 
 - 
 
 1,301,130 
 - 
 1,547,264 
 
 General Counsel, CLO and Secretary 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stephen McCahon, 
 2022 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 250,000 
 
 Chief Scientist 
 2021 
 220,833 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 220,833 

(1) In 2021, Dr. Quarles all other compensation was for group term
life insurance. This award represents 1,954,545 restricted stock units (RSUs) issued to Dr. Quarles, pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, in connection with the amendment to his Executive Employment Agreement. These RSUs vest in equal
annual installments over four years. If either party terminates the agreement at any time prior to the last date of the term, then the
units will vest, pro rata, for each month served since the most recent prior annual vesting date. 

(2) In 2021, Mr. Donaghey received 140,000 shares of restricted stock valued
at 0.61 per share and options to purchase up to 400,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.61 per share for his service on the Board of
Advisors and consisted of. Each of these awards were subject to vesting and fully vested as to the restricted shares. The options vested
in the amount of 200,000 shares, and, upon Mr. Donaghey s appointment as Chief Financial Officer, he forfeited the remaining options.
In 2022, stock awards for Mr. Donaghey partly consisted of options to purchase up to 750,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price
of 2.40 per share, all of which were for his service on the Board of Advisors and which he forfeited upon his appointment as Chief Financial
Officer. Stock awards granted in 2022 are for his service as Chief Financial Officer and consist of 400,000 RSUs and options to purchase
up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.36 per shares. Each of these RSUs and options vest in equal annual installments
over four years, subject, however, to pro rata monthly vesting in the event of his termination under certain circumstances. 

28 

Director Compensation 

The following table discloses
our director compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees 
Earned or 
Paid in 
Cash ) 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
(1) 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total 
 
 Bradford T. Adamczyk, 
 2022 
 215,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 215,000 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 2021 
 148,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 148,000 

Jonathan R. Barcklow, 
 2022 
 110,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 110,000 
 
 Vice President and Secretary(2) 
 2021 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 

John E. Schultz, Jr. 
 2022 
 90,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 

2021 
 77,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 77,500 

Mary P. O Hara, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 General Counsel, CLO and Secretary (2) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 215,877 
 - 
 215,877 

(1) In August 2021, Ms. O Hara was granted 360,000 shares
under options to purchase common stock as consideration for her board service. 

(2) Mr. Barcklow served as Vice President and Secretary until
September 8, 2022 upon which Ms. O Hara assumed the office of Secretary, and the board determined to eliminate the position of
Vice President. 

Board Considerations in Determining Salaries 

Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain,
and incentivize talented executives with a dedication to achieving our scientific and strategic objectives. Our 2022 compensation program
consisted primarily of base salary and equity awards. Compensation of our named executive officers is primarily determined by compensation
levels in the market for their services, among large- and small-cap defense and technology companies. The Board considers recommendations
from various outside consultants and other informed sources in making compensation decisions. Aligning executive compensation with stockholder
interests is a key consideration for our compensation program. As we continue to grow, we anticipate developing and evolving our compensation
program around specific objectives and key responsibilities with metrics and compensation targets. 

29 

Employment Agreements for Named Executive
Officers, General Counsel and Chief Scientist 

As of April 18, 2019,
we entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Dr. Gregory J. Quarles setting forth the terms of his service as Chief
Executive Officer. The agreement is for a term of three years and is renewable thereafter for sequential one-year periods. The
agreement may be terminated by the company for cause or by Quarles for Good Reason both of which terms are
defined in the agreement. The agreement may also be terminated, without cause or Good Reason, by either party upon sixty days 
written notice to the other. 

The agreement calls for (i) a
cash salary of 250,000 per annum, payable monthly, and eligibility for a discretionary bonus within 60 days of the end of each year,
and (ii) options to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.35 per share. These options
were issued pursuant to a grant agreement, dated as of April 18, 2019 and vest immediately with respect to 500,000 shares and
in semi-annual installments with respect to the remaining 4,500,000 shares. The agreement also provides for Quarles to retain
2,000,000 options previously granted to him under a Consultant Stock Option Agreement in 2017, for his services on the Scientific Advisory
Board, which are subject to vesting based on achievement of performance milestones. Dr. Quarles forfeited options to purchase an
additional 1,500,000 shares under another prior option agreement. Under the agreement, Dr. Quarles also is to receive health
and life insurance as well as other standard benefits. The agreement also requires the company to reimburse certain out-of-pocket expenses
and to compensate Quarles in the event that it requires him to resign from certain boards on which he serves. 

In the event of a termination
of the agreement by Quarles with Good Reason, or by us without cause, we must pay him any unpaid base compensation due as of the termination
date as well as any pro rata unpaid bonus and any unpaid expenses. Any unvested options will vest upon such termination. In such event,
we must continue to pay Dr. Quarles his monthly base compensation and any health and life insurance benefits until he has secured
full-time employment, but not to exceed a period of three months from the termination date. 

In the event that we terminate
the agreement for cause or he terminates without Good Reason, he will receive base compensation and expense reimbursement through the
date of termination but will forfeit any unvested equity compensation. 

This agreement was amended
December 15, 2020, increasing Dr. Quarles salary to 300,000 per year effective January 1, 2021, on November 30,
2021, increasing his salary to 350,000 per year effective January 1, 2022, and again, on November 29, 2022, increasing his
salary to 400,000 per year effective November 1, 2022. 

Stephen W. McCahon serves
as our Chief Scientist, pursuant to a Consulting Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2019 (the SWM Consulting Agreement ),
of which he is the principal. The SMW Consulting Agreement provides for a combination of cash and equity compensation for which Dr. McCahon
leads Applied Energetics scientific efforts including: leading the scientific team, developing new intellectual property, assisting
with business development, transferring legacy knowledge to new team members, recruiting and training talent, working with executives
on corporate strategy, assisting in budget development for R D, meeting with clients on technical concepts, attending conferences,
and producing thought leadership for the company. Dr. McCahon works closely with Dr. Quarles on the company s research
and development activities and in the proposal and fulfilment of research and development contracts for branches of the Department of
Defense, agencies of the federal government and other defense contractors and in other internal research and development activities relating
to lasers and advanced optical sources. 

30 

The SWM Consulting Agreement
provides for Mr. McCahon s service to the company for compensation consisting partly of cash of 180,000 for the first year
and 250,000 during each of the second and third years of the term. Under the SWM Consulting Agreement, the company also repurchased
5,000,000 shares if its common stock, issued to Dr. McCahon in 2016 under a prior Consulting Agreement, at a price of 0.06
per share based on the company share price at the time of the SWM Consulting Agreement. 5,000,000 of an additional 15,000,000 shares
held by Dr. McCahon are subject to a lock-up and released pro rata each month during the term of the agreement which may be
accelerated in the event of termination other than for cause or a change in control. The term of the SWM Consulting Agreement began on
June 1, 2019, and extends for a period of 36 months thereafter. Dr. McCahon is entitled to continue receiving cash compensation
for three months following the date of any termination without cause by the company. Effective May 23, 2022, the company and
Dr. McCahon agreed to an extension of the SWM Consulting Agreement upon the same general terms and conditions. On January 17, 2023, the
company amended the SWM Consulting Agreement, pursuant to which Stephen W. McCahon serves as its Chief Scientist. The amendment is effective
January 1, 2023, provides for an extended term of three years, commencing on that date, and increases compensation under the agreement
to 300,000, 325,000 and 350,000 per year for the first, second and third years of the extended term, respectively. 

Also, effective May 24,
2019, and in connection with the entry into the SWM Consulting Agreement, the company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Applied
Optical Sciences, Inc. AOS ), an Arizona corporation of which Stephen W. McCahon is the majority stockholder. The
Asset Purchase Agreement provided for purchase of specified assets from AOS, including principally intellectual property, contracts and
equipment in exchange for consideration consisting of (i) cash in the amount of 2,500,000.00, payable in the form of a Promissory
Note, secured by the assets, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of Applied Energetics common stock
at an exercise price of 0.06 per share. The Promissory Note was amended in February 2021 to extend the maturity date by six months
and restructure the payment to time up to the adjusted maturity date. The amendment also called for waiver of any late payment penalties
for the first two payments. Effective May 2022, the parties further amended the Promissory Note to extend the maturity date by an additional
six months and to further restructure the remaining payments due thereunder to be smaller and monthly, rather than semi-annually. As
of December 31, 2022, 400,000 in principle remained due under the Promissory Note. 

Effective January 1,
2022, the company and Mary P. O Hara entered into an Executive Employment Agreement, pursuant to which she is currently serving
as General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer for an initial term of three years, with automatic renewal for additional one-year periods
thereafter unless either party terminates the agreement. The agreement calls for salary of 250,000 per year, plus standard benefits and
eligibility for a bonus at the discretion of the board. The company has also granted Ms. O Hara incentive stock options to purchase
up to 640,000 shares of its common stock under its 2018 Incentive Stock Plan, which vest over four years, at an exercise price
of 2.40 per share. 

Effective August 1, 2022,
the company and Christopher Donaghey entered into an Executive Employment Agreement, pursuant to which he is to serve as Chief Financial
and Chief Operating Officer for an initial term of four years, with automatic renewal for additional one-year periods thereafter
unless either party terminates the agreement. The agreement calls for salary of 350,000 per year, plus standard benefits and eligibility
for a bonus at the discretion of the board. The company has also granted Mr. Donaghey additional options to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares
of its common stock under its 2018 Incentive Stock Plan, which vest over four years and have an exercise price of 2.36 per share,
and Restricted Stock Units representing up to 400,000 shares of the company s common stock which also vest over four years.
The Restricted Stock Units are issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022. Mr. Donaghey
forfeited unvested options to purchase up to 950,000 shares of common stock which he had previously received for service on the company s
Board of Advisors. 

Dr. McCahon is a significant
stockholder of the company. See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

31 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to all plan-based awards granted to our named executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Type
 of Award 
 Grant 
Date 
 All 
Other Stock 

Awards: 
 Number of 
 Shares of 
 Stock or 
 Units (#) 
 All Other 
 Option 
 Awards: 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Options (#) 
 Exercise 
 or Base 
 Price of 
 Option 
 Awards 
 /sh) 
 Grant Date 
 Fair Value 
 of Stock and 
 Option 
 Awards ) (1) 
 
 Bradford T. Adamczyk 

Gregory J. Quarles 

Christopher Donaghey(2) 
 Stock Option 
 7/13/2022 
 
 1,000,000 
 2.36 
 1,977,796 
 
 Mary P. O Hara 
 Stock Option 
 1/2/2022 
 
 640,000 
 2.40 
 1,301,130 
 
 Stephen W. McCahon 

(1) Based on Black-Scholes-Merton option
 pricing model and assumptions therein, including implied volatility of the underlying common
 stock. 

(2) Does not include options to purchase
 up to 750,000 shares which were issued to Mr. Donaghey as compensation for his service on
 the Board of Advisors but which were forfeited upon his resignation from the Board of Advisors
 and appointment as COO/CFO. 

Excluded from the above table are 2,354,545 Restricted
Stock Units which are not part of the company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan but which the board of directors voted to grant to the
following executive officers as additional incentive compensation: 

Grant Date 
 Number of Underlying Shares 
 Grant Date Fair Value 
 
 Gregory J. Quarles 
 11/1/2022 
 1,954,545 
 3,850,454 
 
 Christopher Donaghey 
 7/13/2022 
 400,000 
 928,000 

The RSU award for Dr. Quarles is subject to vesting
upon the occurrence of both of the following events: 

(i) the company receiving cumulative revenues in the amount of
 5 million as a direct result of certain specified customer leads generated for the company by Dr. Quarles; and 

(ii) the company s completion of an offering of its common
stock described in the agreement, with proceeds specified therein and sufficient to cover any tax withholding requirement imposed upon
the company pertaining to such RSUs. 

The RSU award for Mr. Donaghey is subject to
vesting in equal annual installments over four years. 

32 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table discloses
unexercised options held by the named executives at December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised Options 
Exercisable 
(#) 
 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
Unexercisable 
 Option 
Exercise 
Price 
 Option 
Expiration 
Date 
 
 Bradford T. Adamczyk 
 5,000,000 
 - 
 0.07 
 11/12/2028 
 
 Gregory J. Quarles 
 5,000,000 
 - 
 0.35 
 4/18/2029 
 
 Christopher Donaghey 
 150,000 
 - 
 0.35 
 4/29/2029 

200,000 
 - 
 0.61 
 5/12/2031 

1,000,000 
 2.36 
 7/13/2032 
 
 Mary P. O Hara 
 160,000 
 200,000 
 1.27 
 8/20/2031 

160,000 
 480,000 
 2.40 
 1/1/2032 
 
 Stephen W. McCahon 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

In addition to the foregoing,
as of December 31, 2022, Jonathan Barcklow, a director, held options to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock, and John Schultz,
also a director, held options to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of common stock, each at an exercise price of 0.07 per share and both
of which expire on November 12, 2028. Details regarding these options are set forth in Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters below. 

Payments upon Termination or Change-In-Control 

There are no termination
or change in control agreements in place that would require payments 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER
PARTICIPATION: 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, none of our executive officers served on the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of any other company
whose executive officers also serve on our Board of Directors or our Compensation Committee. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS: 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock, based on information provided by the persons named below in publicly
available filings, as of March 16, 2023: 

each of our directors and executive officers; 

all directors and executive officers of ours as a group; and 

each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than
five percent of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock 

Unless otherwise indicated,
the address of each beneficial owner is in care of Applied Energetics, 9070 South Rita Road, Suite 1500, Tucson, Arizona 85747. Unless
otherwise indicated, the company believes that all persons named in the following table have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own. 

33 

For purposes of this table,
a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of the securities if that person has the right to acquire such securities within 60 days
of March 16, 2023 upon the exercise of options or warrants. In determining the percentage ownership of the persons in the table below,
we assumed in each case that the person exercised all options which are currently held by that person and which are exercisable within
such 60-day period, but that options and warrants held by all other persons were not exercised, and based the percentage ownership on
211,033,255 shares outstanding on March 16, 2023. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned (1) 
 Percentage 
of Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned (1) 

Bradford T. Adamczyk 
 7,235,081 (2) 
 3.3 
 
 Gregory J. Quarles 
 6,954,545 (3) 
 3.2 
 
 Jonathan R. Barcklow 
 6,000,000 (4) 
 2.8 
 
 John E. Schultz Jr. 
 4,380,000 (5) 
 2.1 
 
 Stephen W. McCahon 
 14,677,861 (6) 
 7.0 
 
 Mary P. O Hara 
 426,667 (7) 

Kevin T. McFadden 
 12,100,000 (8) 
 5.7 
 
 Christopher Donaghey 
 524,554 (9) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 40,198,708 
 17.4 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Computed based upon the total number of shares of common stock, restricted shares of common stock and shares of common stock underlying options or warrants held by that person that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. 
 
 (2) 
 Based on information contained in a Form 4, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2020. Includes 1,563,599 shares held by Moriah Stone Global L.P., which is controlled by Mr. Adamczyk. Also includes 5,000,000 shares underlying options. 3,500,000 of which are held in the name of the Adamczyk Family 2021 LLC. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes options to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock, which are fully vested, and Restricted Stock Units covering 1,954,545 shares of common stock, which are subject to vesting upon the occurrence of certain milestones. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes 5,000,000 shares underlying options. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on information contained in a Form 4, filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022. Includes 500,000 shares held by Oak Tree Asset Management Ltd., which is controlled by Mr. Schultz, and 750,000 shares held by Mary Schultz, Mr. Schultz s wife. Also includes 2,500,000 shares underlying options. 
 
 (6) 
 Based on information known by the company and Dr. McCahon s Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 Based on information contained in a Form 4, filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022. All such shares underly options. Ms. O Hara holds an additional 573,333 options which are subject to timed vesting. 
 
 (8) 
 Based on information known by the company and Mr. McFadden s Schedule 13G, filed with the SEC on September 29, 2020. Includes a warrant to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock. Mr. McFadden s address is 21 Tow Path Lane South, Richmond, VA 23221. 
 
 (9) 
 Based on information contained in a Form 4, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022, and information known by the company. Does not include options to purchase an additional 1,000,000 shares of common stock and Restricted Stock Units covering 400,000 shares of common stock, all of which are subject to timed vesting. 

34 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table details
information regarding our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be
 issued upon exercise of outstanding 
 options and 
 rights 
 Weighted- 
average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
options 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 21,135,451 
 0.39 
 27,331,216 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 21,135,451 
 0.39 
 27,331,216 

Effective November 12, 2018,
the board of directors of Applied Energetics, Inc. adopted the 2018 Incentive Stock Plan. On October 30, 2019, the stockholders voted
to approve and adopt the plan. The plan provides for the allocation and issuance of stock, restricted stock purchase offers and options
(both incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options) to officers, directors, employees and consultants of the company. The
board reserved a total of 50,000,000 for possible issuance under the plan. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Parties 

Except as disclosed herein,
no director, executive officer, stockholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any
material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Relationships with Related Parties 

Dr. Stephen W. McCahon
holds in excess of 5 of our common stock and serves as our Chief Scientist pursuant to a Consulting Agreement with SWM Consulting LLC
of which he is the principal. For a description of this Consulting Agreement, see Directors and Executive Officers Chief
Scientist above. See also, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

In January 2023, the company made a 25,000 tax-deductible donation
to Silicon Valley Defense Group (SVDG), a 501(c)(3) organization of which Christopher Donaghey, our Chief Financial and Operating Officer,
is a founder and member of the Board of Directors. As its objective, SVDG seeks to align and connect the people, capital, and ideas
that will ensure allied democracies retain a durable techno-security advantage. 

35 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions
with Related Persons 

Pursuant to company policy,
all officers and directors of the company who have, or whose immediate family members have, any direct or indirect financial or other
participation in any business that supplies goods or services to Applied Energetics, are required to notify our Board of Directors, who
will review the proposed transaction and take such action as it sees fit, including, if necessary, formal approval by the Board. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Consistent with the SEC requirements
regarding auditor independence, our Board of Directors must pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm. Under the policy, the Board must approve non-audit services prior to the commencement
of the specified service. Our independent registered public accounting firm, RBSM LLP, have verified to our Board that they have not
performed, and will not perform any prohibited non-audit service. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUTANT FEES AND SERVICES: 

The following is a summary
of the fees billed to the company by its independent registered Public Accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 54,000 
 49,500 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 42,500 
 
 Tax fees 
 6,000 
 6,000 

60,000 
 98,000 

Fees for audit services include
fees associated with the annual audit of the company and its subsidiaries, the review of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Tax fees
include tax compliance, tax advice, research and development credits and tax planning related to federal and state tax matters. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Consistent with the SEC requirements
regarding auditor independence, our Board of Directors must pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our
independent registered public accounting firm. Under the policy, the Board must approve non-audit services prior to the commencement
of the specified service. Our independent registered public accounting firm, RBSM LLP, have verified to our Board that they have not
performed, and will not perform any prohibited non-audit service. 

36 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES: 

The following documents are
filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report: 

(a) (1) The Consolidated Financial Statements of Applied Energetics, Inc. are filed as part of this report on page F-1 following the signatures. 

Exhibits: 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Plan and Agreement of Merger entered into as of March 17, 2004, by and among U.S. Home Garden, Inc. USHG ), Ionatron Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of USHG, Robert Kassel (for purposes of Sections 5.9, 6.2(d), 6.2(j), 9.4 and 10.10 only), Fred Heiden (for purposes of Section 9.4 only), and Ionatron, Inc. and Robert Howard, Stephen W. McCahon, Thomas C. Dearmin and Joseph C. Hayden (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2004). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1995). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 29, 2004 (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2004). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of the 10 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2005). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the 6.5 Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2005). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger of Applied Energetics, Inc. into Ionatron, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2008). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2007. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 10, 2007.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-231885)) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of certificate evidencing Common Stock, .001 par value, of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-38483)). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 2018 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 ). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Consulting and Advisory Services Agreement, effective as of February 15, 2019, by and between the Registrant and WCC Ventures, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2019). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Advisory Board Agreement by and between Registrant and Christopher Donaghey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-231885)). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Gregory J. Quarles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-231885). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Master Services Agreement, effective as of July 16, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Westpark Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2018), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Services Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021) and further amended by the Second Amendment to Master Services Agreement, dated January 17, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between the Registrant and SWM Consulting, LLC (incorporated by reference to comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2019), as amended by the First Amendment to Consulting Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Applied Optical Sciences, Inc. LLC (incorporated by reference to comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2019) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Lease Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Campus Research Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2021. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement,
 dated as of January 1, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Mary P. O Hara (filed herewith). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Christopher Donaghey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2022)). 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of RBSM LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 
 
 99.2 
 
 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized
on the 29 th day of March 2023. 

APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory J. Quarles 

Gregory J Quarles, President, and 
Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Christopher Donaghey 

Christopher Donaghey, 
Chief Operating and Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act,
this report has been signed below on the 29 th day of March 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 

/s/ Bradford T. Adamczyk 
 
 Director, Executive Chairman 
 
 Bradford T. Adamczyk 

/s/ Gregory J. Quarles 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Gregory J. Quarles 

/s/ Jonathan R. Barcklow 
 
 Director 
 
 Jonathan R. Barcklow 

/s/ John E. Schultz Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 John E. Schultz Jr. 

/s/ Mary P. O Hara 
 
 Director, General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 
 Mary P. O Hara 

38 

APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENEDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

INDEX 

Page No. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

Applied Energetics, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Applied Energetics, Inc. and Subsidiary (collectively, the company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Company s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the company has suffered recurring losses from operations and will require additional capital to fund its current operating plan, that
raises substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters
are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ RBSM LLP 

We have served as the company s auditor since 2016. 

March 29, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Other assets 

Total Current Assets 

Long-term assets 

Security deposit 

Property and equipment - net 

Deferred compensation 
 -

Right of Use Asset - Operating 

Total Long-term assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Notes payable 

Notes payable CARES Act PPP Loan 
 -

Due to related parties 

Operating Lease Liability - current 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued dividends 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Operating Lease Liability - non-current 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 (Liquidation preference and , respectively) 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 
 -

Cost of revenue 
 
 -

Gross profit 
 
 -

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Selling and marketing 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income/(expense) 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Total other income/(expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

RSU restricted stock 
 - 
 -

-

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Common stock issued on cashless exercise of options and warrants 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Common stock issued on exercise of options and warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Common stock issued on exercised of convertible note 
 - 
 -

47,340 4 
 -

Sale of common stock 
 - 
 -
 
)) 
 -

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

RSU restricted stock 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Common stock issued on exercise of options and warrants 
 
 -

-

Sale of common stock 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

APPLIED ENERGETICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 

Amortization of ROU assets 
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on disposal of equipment 
 
 -

PPP loan forgiveness 
 -

Amortization of future compensation payable 

Amortization of prepaid assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Other receivable 
 -

Prepaids and deposits 

ROU liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 
 -

Accrued expenses and compensation 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of equipment 

Net cash used by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Repayment on note payable 

Proceeds from note payable 
 
 -

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 -
 
 -

Schedule of Non-Cash Information 

Insurance financing for prepaid insurance 

Implementation of ASC 842 
 -

Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 -

Equipment investing in accounts payable 
 -

Common stock issued for repayment of convertible notes 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

, had negative cash flows from operations of and may incur additional future losses if the
company is unable to secure significant government contracts. At December 31, 2022, the company had total current assets of 
and total current liabilities of resulting in working capital of . At December 31, 2022, the company had cash of . 

as part of a placement of equity. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and the amount or classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 7 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 8 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

of our cash balance was uninsured. 

of our assets. 

F- 9 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

of our cash balance was uninsured. 

. The
note is non-interest bearing and payable in equal installments. The company made the first three payments of on February 10,
2021, May 24, 2021, and November 19, 2021, respectively. The remaining
balance of as of June 30, 2022 is to be paid in ten equal installments of over a period of ten months with the final
installment to be paid on April 24, 2023. In accordance with the amended terms of the promissory note, the company made six payments
of each, for an aggregate repayment of . As of December 30, 2022, in principle was outstanding on this loan. 

F- 10 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

This loan contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults or breaches
of the terms of the loan. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender may require immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding
under the note. 

in proceeds. As a result, the company received partial forgiveness
of the PPP amounting to in principal and in interest which is reflected within PPP forgiveness and other income on the statements
of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the company paid the remaining balance of the loan in the aggregate of 
in four equal payments, with the loan formally repaid on April 20, 2022. As a result, as of December 31, 2022, no principal or interest
was outstanding on this loan. 

for the insurance premium associated
with two D O policies. Both policies commenced March 12, 2022, and provided coverage for the next 12 months, expiring March 12, 2023.
The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum and required the company to prepay and appears on the balance sheet as
a current asset. On April 12, 2022, the company commenced the first of nine principal and interest payments of for an aggregate
of . In accordance with the terms of the agreement, the final payment was made on December 6, 2022, thus, as of December 31,
2022, the outstanding balance on the note was . 

Notes payable 

Accrued interest 

Payments on notes payable 

Extinguishment of Debt 
 -

Converted into common stock 
 -

Total 

Less-Notes payable current 

Notes payable non-current 
 -
 
 -

Thereafter 
 -

Total 

is due within the next twelve months, in accordance with the terms of note payable. of the outstanding
notes payable balance at December 31, 2022 will be paid in four equal installments of over the next four months, with the final
installment to paid on April 24, 2023. 

financing agreement to finance its Directors and Officers insurance premiums. 

F- 11 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

. The company also recorded a debt discount, which is reported on the balance sheet as deferred
compensation, in the amount of in relation to the transaction which is being amortized over the life of the loan as compensation
expense. The amortization of deferred compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 416,667 and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the remaining deferred compensation to be amortized was and , respectively. 

into the company s account. Although it has been suggested
that the funds may have been intended for use toward Mr. Dearmin s healthcare, the board does not know for certain what the purpose
of the funds were or the nature of any intended investment. Accordingly, the board is investigating the appropriate disposition of the
funds which will likely be to the estate of Mr. Dearmin. Until such a determination is made, the board does not intend to use these funds
for any corporate purpose. For reporting purposes, the company has treated the deposit as a due to related party. 

shares of common stock at a par value of . per share and shares of preferred stock
at a par value of . per share. 

shares of common stock in a private placement to accredited investors for per share or 
of net cash proceeds, in the aggregate. 

shares of common stock in a private placement to accredited investors for per share or 
of net cash proceeds, in the aggregate. 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of of convertible notes. 

shares of common stock in relation to a restricted stock agreement with a value of . 

shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants at an exercise price
of a share. 

shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants at an exercise price
of a share. 

F- 12 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

shares of common stock upon the exercise of options at an exercise price of a
share. This exercise was performed on a cashless basis. 

shares of common stock upon the exercise of options at an exercise price of a share.
This exercise was performed on a cashless basis. 

shares of common stock with an exercise of options. shares of common stock were withheld
with the exercise. This exercise was performed on a cashless basis. 

shares of common stock with an exercise of options. shares of common stock were withheld
with the exercise. This exercise was performed on a cashless basis. 

shares of common stock with an exercise of options. shares of common stock were withheld
with the exercise. This exercise was performed on a cashless basis. 

shares of common stock with an exercise of options. shares of common stock were withheld
with the exercise. This exercise was performed on a cashless basis. 

shares of common stock with an exercise of options. shares of common stock were withheld
with the exercise. This exercise was performed on a cashless basis. 

. 

shares of common stock for previously vested and expensed shares in relation to a restricted stock agreement. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the company recorded in relation to these shares. 

shares of common stock upon the exercise of options at an exercise price of a share.
As a result, the company received in cash proceeds as part of the transaction. 

shares of common stock upon two warrant exercises of shares each, at an exercise price of
 a share. The company received in cash proceeds as part of the transaction. 

shares of common stock in a private placement to accredited investors for per share or 
of net cash proceeds, in the aggregate. 

options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share.
The options vest over a period of four years and expire ten years from the date of the grant. Mr. Donaghey was also granted shares
of restricted to units as part of his Executive Employment Agreement (see Share-Based Payments below). Further, Mr. Donaghey
forfeited unvested options to purchase shares of common stock which he had previously received for his service on the company s
Board of Advisors. The forfeiture of the unvested options resulted in the reversal of previously recorded stock-based compensation expense
in the amount of approximately . 

and , respectively. 

F- 13 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. The company has not paid the dividends commencing with the quarterly dividend due August 1, 2013.
Dividend arrearages as of December 31, 2022, including previously accrued dividends included in our balance sheet are approximately .
Our Board of Directors suspended the declaration of the dividend, commencing with the dividend payable as of February 1, 2015, since
we did not have a surplus (as such term is defined in the Delaware general corporation Law) as of December 31, 2014, until such time
as we have a surplus or net profits for a fiscal year. 

per share. The Series A Preferred Stock bears dividends at the rate of of the liquidation
preference per share per annum, which accrues from the date of issuance, and is payable quarterly. Dividends may be paid in: (i) cash,
(ii) shares of our common stock (valued for such purpose at of the weighted average of the last sales prices of our common stock
for each of the trading days in the ten trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the applicable dividend payment date),
provided that the issuance and/or resale of all such shares of our common stock are then covered by an effective registration statement
and the company s common stock is listed on a U.S. national securities exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market at the time of issuance
or (iii) any combination of the foregoing. If the company fails to make a dividend payment within five business days following a dividend
payment date, the dividend rate shall immediately and automatically increase by from of the liquidation preference per offered
share of Series A preferred stock to of such liquidation preference. If a payment default shall occur on two consecutive dividend
payment dates, the dividend rate shall immediately and automatically increase to of the liquidation preference for as long as such
payment default continues and shall immediately and automatically return to the initial dividend rate at such time as the payment default
is no longer continuing. 

per share, subject to adjustment in the event of a stock dividend or split, reorganization,
recapitalization or similar event). 

of the liquidation preference
thereof, plus all unpaid and accumulated dividends, if any, to the date of purchase thereof. 

F- 14 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

shares for possible issuance under the plan. 

and for the year ended December 31,
2022, and 2021, respectively, which was charged to general and administrative expense. 

shares under a restricted stock agreement the company entered into in
May of 2021. The restricted stock awards were valued at of which the full was recognized as of December 31, 2022. 

stock-based
compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022, was comprised of option expense, expense from the vesting of the
restricted stock and was the amortization of shares of stock valued at over three years for the acquisition
of assets of Applied Optical Sciences. 

of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted and outstanding, net of estimated forfeitures.
The cost is expected to be recognized on a weighted average basis over a period of approximately six years. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

- 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 
 - 

shares under a restricted stock agreement the company entered into in May of
2021. The restricted stock awards were valued at of which was recognized in 2022. The shares vest annually over two
years with the first installment one year from the agreement; provide, however, if either party terminates the agreement at any time prior
to the last date of it ending, then the shares will best, pro rata, for each month served since the most recent prior annual vesting date 

shares issued as restricted stock units to the Chief Financial Officer.
The restricted stock units were valued at of which was recognized as of December 31, 2022. The shares vest in equal
annual installments over . If either party terminates the agreement at any time prior to the last date of it ending, then the
shares will vest, pro rata, for each month served since the most recent prior annual vesting date. The Restricted Stock Units are issued
pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022. 

shares issued as restricted stock units to the Chief Executive
Officer. The restricted stock units were valued at of which was recognized as of December 31, 2022. The shares vest
in equal annual installments over . If either party terminates the agreement at any time prior to the last date of it ending,
then the shares will vest, pro rata, for each month served since the most recent prior annual vesting date. The Restricted Stock Units
are issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022. 

shares issued pursuant to the restricted
stock unit agreements, dated July 13, 2022. The restricted stock units were valued at of which was recognized as of December
31, 2022. The shares vest with being vested at the end of year and respectively, with the remaining being expensed at
the end of three . If either party terminates the agreement at any time prior to the last date of it ending, then the shares will
vest, pro rata, for each month served since the most recent prior annual vesting date. 

of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock options granted and outstanding. 

Granted restricted stock units and awards 

Granted performance based stock units 
 -
 
 -

Canceled 
 -
 
 -

Vested and converted to shares 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted restricted stock units and awards 

Granted performance based stock units 
 -
 
 -

Canceled 
 -
 
 -

Vested and converted to shares 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

F- 16 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

-

Forfeited or expired 

-

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

-

Forfeited or expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

F- 17 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

or of revenue recognized during the period. As of December 31, 2022. The company has of accounts receivable recorded
as current assets on the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for or of accounts receivable. The
company had no revenue during the year ended, December 31, 2021. 

square foot laboratory/office space in Tucson. The initial base rent was per rentable square
foot for year one and escalated to per rentable square foot in year two. It is to further escalate to per rentable square
foot in year three, per rentable square foot in year four and per rentable square foot in year five, in addition to
certain operating expenses and taxes. 

which was included in general and administrative expenses in the statements of operation
for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the company made cash lease payments in the amount of
 112,613. 

in future minimum lease payments due in less than a year. The below table presents the future minimum lease
payments due reconciled to lease liabilities. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 
 -

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Present value discount, less interest 

Lease Liability 

F- 18 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F- 19 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Fixed Assets and intangibles 

Net Operating Loss Carryforwards and Credits 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax / (liabilities) 
 -
 
 -

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

- 
 
 Expiration of tax attributes 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Prior period adjustment 
 -

- 
 
 Permanent Items 
 -

Provision (benefit) for taxes 
 -

-

mainly as a result of current year tax loss. 

million and million, respectively,
which can be used to offset future income subject to taxes. 

and , which can be used to reduce
future federal and Arizona income taxes, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we have cumulative unused federal minimum tax credit
carryforwards from USHG of approximately . The federal minimum tax credit carryforwards are not subject to expiration under
current federal tax law. Utilization of our USHG pre-merger net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits is subject to
substantial annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state
provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit
carryforwards before utilization. 

F- 20 

APPLIED ENERGETICS 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Additions related to prior year tax provisions 
 -

Additions related to current year tax provisions 
 -

Reductions related to prior year tax positions and settlements 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions related to prior year tax provisions 
 -

Additions related to current year tax provisions 
 -

Reductions related to prior year tax positions and settlements 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

financing agreement to finance its Directors and Officers insurance premiums. 

shares of common stock upon the exercise of options at an exercise price of 
a share. As a result, the company received in cash proceeds as part of the transaction. 

shares of common stock for services rendered pursuant to board of advisor s agreement. 

shares for services rendered pursuant to an amendment to
a master services agreement with a consultant. 

shares of common stock, at an exercise price of
 , to one new employee. 

shares of common stock, at an exercise price of
 , to two new employees. 

shares of common stock, at an exercise price of
 , to one new employee. In addition, the company issued restricted stock units covering shares for services rendered pursuant
to an employment agreement. 

tax-deductible donation to Silicon Valley Defense Group (SVDG), a 501(c)(3) organization of which Christopher Donaghey,
our Chief Financial and Operating Officer, is a founder and member of the Board of Directors. As its objective, SVDG seeks to align
and connect the people, capital, and ideas that will ensure allied democracies retain a durable techno-security advantage. 

F-21 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_appliedener.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following description of our capital stock being registered herein is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and By-laws, which are included as Exhibits 3.1 through 3.7 of the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K (incorporating such documents by reference to prior reports on file with the SEC by the Company). 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share. Holders of our common stock are entitled
to receive dividends when and as declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available. Holders of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share on all matters voted on by stockholders, including the election of directors. Holders of our common stock
do not have any conversion, redemption or preemptive rights. In the event of our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, holders of our
common stock are entitled to share ratably in any assets remaining after the satisfaction in full of the prior rights of creditors and
the aggregate liquidation preference of any preferred stock then outstanding. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of
our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock
that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were 13,602 shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. The company has not paid the dividends commencing with the quarterly
dividend due August 1, 2013. Dividend arrearages as of December 31, 2022, including previously accrued dividends included in our balance
sheet are approximately 331,549. Our Board of Directors suspended the declaration of the dividend, commencing with the dividend payable
as of February 1, 2015, since we did not have a surplus (as such term is defined in the Delaware general corporation Law) as of December
31, 2014, until such time as we have a surplus or net profits for a fiscal year. 

Our
Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share. The Series A Preferred Stock bears dividends at the rate of
6.5 of the liquidation preference per share per annum, which accrues from the date of issuance, and is payable quarterly. Dividends
may be paid in: (i) cash, (ii) shares of our common stock (valued for such purpose at 95 of the weighted average of the last sales prices
of our common stock for each of the trading days in the ten trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the applicable
dividend payment date), provided that the issuance and/or resale of all such shares of our common stock are then covered by an effective
registration statement and the company s common stock is listed on a U.S. national securities exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market
at the time of issuance or (iii) any combination of the foregoing. If the company fails to make a dividend payment within five business
days following a dividend payment date, the dividend rate shall immediately and automatically increase by 1 from 6.5 of the liquidation
preference per offered share of Series A preferred stock to 7.5 of such liquidation preference. If a payment default shall occur on
two consecutive dividend payment dates, the dividend rate shall immediately and automatically increase to 10 of the liquidation preference
for as long as such payment default continues and shall immediately and automatically return to the initial dividend rate at such time
as the payment default is no longer continuing. 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into a number of shares of common stock equal
to the liquidation preference (plus any unpaid dividends for periods prior to the dividend payment date immediately preceding the date
of conversion by the holder) divided by the conversion price (initially 12.00 per share, subject to adjustment in the event of a stock
dividend or split, reorganization, recapitalization or similar event). If the closing sale price of the common stock is greater than
140 of the conversion price on 20 out of 30 trading days, the company may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in whole or in part at
any time through October 31, 2010, upon at least 30 days notice, at a redemption price, payable in cash, equal to 100 of the
liquidation preference of the shares to be redeemed, plus unpaid dividends thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date, subject to
certain conditions. In addition, beginning November 1, 2010, the company may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in whole or in part,
upon at least 30 days notice, at a redemption price, payable in cash, equal to 100 of the liquidation preference of the Series
A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, plus unpaid dividends thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date, under certain conditions. 

If
a change of control occurs, each holder of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that are outstanding immediately prior to the
change of control shall have the right to require the company to purchase, out of legally available funds, any outstanding shares of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the defined purchase price. The purchase price is defined as: per share of Preferred Stock, 101 
of the liquidation preference thereof, plus all unpaid and accumulated dividends, if any, to the date of purchase thereof. The purchase
price is payable, at the company s option, (x) in cash, (y) in shares of the common stock at a discount of 5 from the fair market
value of Common Stock on the Purchase Date (i.e. valued at a 95 discount of the Common Stock on the Purchase Date), or (z) any combination
thereof. 

If
the company pays all or a portion of the Purchase Price in Common Stock, no fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued; instead,
the company will round the applicable number of shares of Common Stock up to the nearest whole number of shares; provided that the company
may pay the Purchase Price (or a portion thereof), whether in cash or in shares of Common Stock, only if the company has funds legally
available for such payment and may pay the Purchase Price (or a portion thereof) in shares of its Common Stock only if (i) the Common
Stock is listed on a U.S. national securities exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market at the time of issuance and (ii) a shelf registration
statement covering the issuance by the company and/or resales of the Common Stock issuable as payment of the Purchase Price is effective
on the Payment Date unless such shares are eligible for immediate resale in the public market by non-affiliates of the company. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws contain provisions that may delay, defer, or discourage another party from acquiring control
of us. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover
bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors,
which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give
our board of directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 

Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law . We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203
prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder 
for three years following the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such
status with the approval of our board of directors or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business
combination includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the interested stockholder 
and the sale of more than 10 of our assets. In general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially
owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity
or person. 

Classified
Board of Directors . Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for the division of our board of directors into staggered three-year
terms. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws provide that directors may be removed only for cause. Under our
Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws, any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement
of our board of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office, even though less
than a quorum of the board of directors. The classification of our board of directors and the limitations on the ability of our stockholders
to remove directors and fill vacancies could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third party from seeking
to acquire, control of us. 

2 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares . The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock are available for future issuance without stockholder
approval. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions, and employee benefit plans.
The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock could make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger, or otherwise. 

Special
Meetings of Stockholders . Our By-laws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders
may only be called by our president, board of directors or stockholders owning a majority of the amount of the entire capital stock of
the company issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. 

Amendment
of Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws . The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled
to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, unless a corporation s
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. Our By-laws may be amended or repealed by
a majority vote of our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of the majority of the votes which all our stockholders
would be eligible to cast in an election of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
votes which all our stockholders would be eligible to cast in an election of directors will be required to amend or repeal or to adopt
any provisions inconsistent with any of the provisions of our certificate described in the prior three paragraphs. 

Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws provide indemnification for our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by
the DGCL. In addition, as permitted by Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation includes provisions that eliminate the personal
liability of our directors for monetary damages resulting from breaches of certain fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of these
provisions is to restrict our rights and the rights of our stockholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director
for breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except that a director will be personally liable for: 

any
breach of his duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

acts
or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

any
transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit; or 

improper
distributions to stockholders. 

These
provisions may be held not to be enforceable for violations of the federal securities laws of the United States. 

Dissenters 
Rights of Appraisal and Payment 

Under
the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders will have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of Applied
Energetics. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation
will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 

Stockholders 
Derivative Actions 

Under
the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action,
provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates
or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. 

3 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-10_appliedener.htm
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 1, 2022, BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND MARY P. O'HARA

Exhibit 10.10 

Executive Employment Agreement 

This Employment
Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of December 31, 2021, by and between Mary P. O Hara (the Executive ),
and Applied Energetics, Inc, (the Company (collectively, the Parties ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Employer
is a corporation that specializes in the development and manufacturing of innovative directed energy solutions, ultra-short pulse lasers,
and related technologies for the national security, medical technology, and advanced manufacturing markets (the Business ). 

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS, the Executive
desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Term .
The Executive s employment hereunder shall commence on January 1, 2022 (the Effective Date and continue for an initial
period of three years thereafter. Following such initial period, the Agreement shall automatically renew, upon the same terms and conditions,
for successive periods of one year each until the Executive s employment terminates pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement. The
period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Term . 

2. Position and Duties . 

2.1 Position .
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer of the Company. In such position, the
Executive shall have such duties, powers, authority, and responsibilities as shall be determined from time to time by Executive and the
Board of Directors, which duties, powers, authority, and responsibilities are consistent with the Executive s position. Executive
shall maintain such professional credentials and satisfy any and all legal or regulatory requirements for the performance of her services
under this Agreement. 

2.2 Duties .
During the Employment Term, the Executive will devote her full business time and attention to the performance of the Executive s
duties hereunder as she deems necessary and appropriate, for provision of services in a professional and competent manner to the Company. 

3. Place
of Performance . The principal place of Executive s employment shall be Arizona, although the Executive may perform her obligations
under this Agreement at any location she deems necessary and appropriate, subject to reasonable approval of the Board of Directors. Executive
may be required to travel on Company business during the Employment Term. 

4. Compensation . 

4.1 Base Salary . The Company shall
pay the Executive an annual base salary of 250,000 in periodic installments in accordance with the Company s customary
payroll practices and applicable Arizona wage payment laws, but no less frequently than monthly (the Base Salary ). The
Executive s Base Salary may not be decreased during the Employment Term. 

4.2 Equity
Compensation . The Company shall issue, on the date hereof, Incentive Stock Options to purchase up to 640,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 2.40 per share, representing the fair market value on the date hereof by reference to the last closing
price of the common stock on the OTCQB. Such options shall have a term of ten years and be subject to the terms and conditions of the
Company s 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and the standard form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement thereunder. 

4.3 Annual Bonus . 

(a) For
each calendar year of the Employment Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus in an amount in cash or stock, if any, determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretion, with the Executive
abstaining from any vote or action by written consent on such Annual Bonus. 

(b) The
Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid within two and a half (2 1/2) months after the end of the applicable calendar year. 

4.4 Expense
Reimbursements . The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment,
and travel expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of her duties under this Agreement. The payment(s) shall
be made on the day of the next regular payroll following submission by Executive of a reimbursement request to the Company in accordance
with the Company s standard reimbursement policy. 

4.5 Benefits .
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to benefits consistent with the practices of the Company and governing benefit
plan requirements (including plan eligibility provisions). Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Employment Term, the Company shall
provide the Executive with benefits equal or better to those benefits provided to or received by Executive from the Company as the date
this Agreement is executed. 

(a) Employee
Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and
programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans to the
extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. 

2 

(b) Vacation
and paid sick and family leave consistent with federal, state, and local laws and in an amount consistent with other executives in the
Company but no less than four weeks. 

(c) The
Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business and travel expenses incurred by the
Executive in connection with the performance of her duties under this Agreement. 

4.6 Indemnification . 

(a) In
the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative (a Proceeding ), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the Company related
to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement or the Executive s
employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Company, or any affiliate of the
Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, member, employee, or agent of another corporation
or a partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the
maximum extent permitted under applicable law from and against any liabilities, costs, claims, and expenses, including all costs and expenses
incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including attorneys fees). Costs and expenses incurred by the Executive in defense of such
Proceeding (including attorneys fees) shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such litigation and in
no event more than 90 days after receipt by the Company of a written request for payment and appropriate documentation evidencing the
incurrence, amount, and nature of the costs and expenses for which payment is being sought. 

(b) During
the Employment Term and for a period of six (6) years thereafter, the Company or any successor to the Company shall purchase and maintain,
at its own expense, directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage to the Executive on terms that are no
less favorable than the coverage provided to other directors and similarly situated executives of the Company. 

5. Termination of Employment . 

5.1 The
Executive s employment hereunder may be voluntarily terminated by Executive or the Company at any time and for any reason upon 60
days prior written notice. 

5.2 The
Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company at any time, effective immediately, for Cause. For purposes
of this Section 5, the term Cause shall mean any (i) material breach of this Agreement by Executive which remains
uncured for ten days following written notice thereof, (ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive in the performance
of services hereunder, (iii) any action taken by Executive which is reasonably likely to cast the Company in an unfavorable light or
bring negative publicity to the Company or (iv) the unavailability, inability or refusal of Executive to perform and deliver the
services hereunder in a reasonable professional and timely manner. 

3 

5.3 Executive
may terminate her employment under this Agreement at any time, effective immediately, for Good Reason. Good Reason 
shall mean: (a) material breach of this Agreement by the Company which remains uncured for ten days following written notice thereof;
(b) a material change to the services, duties, authority or responsibilities assigned to Executive under this Agreement, absent mutual
agreement; (c) a change to Executive s title, absent mutual agreement; (d) any reduction to the compensation and/or benefits stated
in Section 4 hereof, absent mutual agreement; (e) the Company becomes either insolvent or in non-SEC reporting shell status
within two years of the Commencement Date; or (e) a change in control (as hereinafter defined) of the Company. Change
in control for purposes of this Agreement shall mean: the sale or disposition of more than 50 of the voting stock; a merger, consolidation,
or share exchange that results in less than 50 of the voting stock remaining with the current owners; or a sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company. 

5.4 If
(a) the Company terminates the Executive s employment for any reason other than Cause or (b) the Executive terminates her employment
hereunder for Good Reason, then the Company shall pay to Executive severance pay in an amount representing 90 day s
Base Salary hereunder as of the date of such termination. In the event of a change in control, any unvested equity compensation awarded
by the Company to Executive prior to the date of such change in control shall vest in full immediately prior to termination. The severance
pay shall be paid to Executive in equal monthly payments for the 90-day period following the date of Executive s termination. 

5.5 This
Agreement and Executive s employment with the Company will terminate upon the Executive s death or if the Executive becomes
incapacitated by disability (as determined by a qualified medical professional). If this Agreement and Executive s employment with
the Company terminate by reason of death or disability, the Company shall pay to Executive s designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary
has been designated by the Executive, to her estate, payment in an amount representing 90 days Base Salary under this Agreement
immediately prior to the date of death or incapacitation. The foregoing payment shall be made to Executive s designated beneficiary
or, if no beneficiary has been designated by the Executive, to her estate in equal monthly installments for 90-day period following the
date of death or incapacitation. 

6. Cooperation .
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executive s
cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executive s employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Board, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executive s
service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive s other
activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the
extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate the Executive at an hourly
rate of 550 per hour. 

4 

7. Confidential Information . 

7.1 Executive
understands that her relationship to the Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to any information of a confidential
or secret nature that may be disclosed to Executive by the Company or by the business of any affiliate, customer or supplier of the Company
or any other party with whom the Company agrees to hold information of such party in confidence Confidential Information ).
Such Confidential Information includes but is not limited to plans, research, know-how, trade secrets, specifications, drawings, sketches,
models, samples, data, technology, computer programs, documentation, relating to software, computer systems, source code, object code
methodologies, product development, distribution plans, contractual arrangements, profits, sales, pricing policies, operational methods,
technical processes, other business affairs and methods, plans for future developments and other technical and business information, including
information related to inventions, which is not publicly available and can be communicated by any means whatsoever, including without
limitation oral, visual, written and electronic transmission. 

7.2 At
all times, both during the term of this Agreement and after its termination, Executive will keep and hold all Confidential Information
in strict confidence and trust, and will not use or disclose any of such Confidential Information without the prior written consent of
the Company, whether such Confidential Information was obtained prior to or during the term of this Agreement. Upon termination of her
relationship with the Company, Executive will promptly deliver to the Company all documents and materials of any nature pertaining to
her work with the Company, and she will not take any documents or materials or copies thereof containing any Confidential Information,
except as may be required for professional record keeping purposes. Executive represents and warrants that during any period prior to
this Agreement in which she may have received or otherwise had access to Confidential Information, Executive did not disclose any such
Confidential Information. 

7.3 Executive
agrees to notify the Company immediately upon discovery of (1) any unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information, (2) any use of
Confidential Information other than in pursuance of Executive s business relationship with the Company, and (3) any other breach
of this Agreement by Executive, and Executive will cooperate with the Company in every reasonable way to help the Company regain possession
of the Confidential Information and prevent its further unauthorized use. 

7.4 Confidential
Information shall not include that information otherwise defined as Confidential Information that (1) entered the public domain without
a breach by Executive of any obligation owed the Company, (2) became demonstrably known to Executive prior to the Company s disclosure
of such information to her, or (3) became known by or available to Executive from a source other than the Company subsequent to the Company s
disclosure of such information to Executive, without any breach of any obligation of confidentiality owed to the Company. 

8. Non-Competition .
During the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year following termination of her relationship with the Company for any
reason, Executive will not, either alone or jointly with others or as an agent, consultant or employee of any person, firm or
company, directly or indirectly, voluntarily or involuntarily, carry on or engage in any activity or business which is or may
reasonably be in direct competition with the business of the Company or any of its affiliates, successors or assigns. 

5 

9. Non-Solicitation .
During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two years following termination of his relationship with the Company for any reason,
Executive will not, either alone or in association with others (i) solicit, divert, take away, encourage or attempt to divert or take
away the business or patronage of any of the clients, customers or business partners of the Company which were contacted, solicited or
served by the Company or any of its affiliates during the 12-month period prior to the termination or cessation of the Executive s
service to the Company; (ii) solicit, induce or attempt to induce any employee or independent contractor of the Company or its affiliates
to terminate their employment or other engagement with the Company or any such affiliate; (iii) hire, recruit or attempt to hire, or engage
or attempt to engage as an independent contractor, any person who was employed or otherwise engaged by the Company or any of its affiliates
at any time during the term of this Agreement. 

10. Governing
Law . Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Arizona without regard
to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a
state or federal court located in the State of Arizona. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts
and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 

11. Entire
Agreement . Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the
Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement
can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement. 

12. Modification
and Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing
and signed by the Executive and the Company. No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition
or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision
or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any
right, power, or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other such right, power, or privilege. 

13. Severability .
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any
portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the
remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become
a part hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement. The parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so
modified by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions
of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability
shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement
shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein. 

6 

14. Captions .
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement
is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph. 

15. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. 

16. Notice .
Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such other addresses
as specified by the parties by like notice): 

If to Employer: 
 Attn: Gregory Quarles, President and CEO 

Applied Energetics, Inc. 

9070 S. Rita Road, Suite 1500 

Tucson, Arizona 85747 

Copy to: Charitie L. Hartsig, Esq. 

Carpenter, Hazlewood, Delgado, Bolen LLP 
 1400 E. Southern Avenue, Suite 400 

Tempe, Arizona 85282 
Charity.Hartsig@carpenterhazlewood.com 

If to Employee: 
 Mary P O Hara, Esq. 

1208 Carlisle SE, Apt. B 

Albuquerque, NM 87106 

17. Withholding .
The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the Company
to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. If the Executive incurs any state or local
income tax liability whatsoever by virtue of his performance of any obligation under this Agreement, the Company shall reimburse Executive
for any such payment(s) he remits to any state or local taxing authority within 15 days of the date Executive submits the reimbursement
request to the Company. 

18. Acknowledgement
of Full Understanding . The parties acknowledge and agree that they have fully read, understand and voluntarily enter into this Agreement.
The parties acknowledge and agree they have had an opportunity to ask questions and consult with an attorney of his or her choice before
signing this agreement. 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement
as of the date first above written. 

EMPLOYER: 

Applied Energetics, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory Quarles 

Name: 
 Gregory Quarles 

Its: 
 President and CEO 

Date: 
 December 31, 2021 

EXECUTIVE: 

By: 
 /s/ Mary O Hara 

Name: 
 Mary O Hara 

Date: 
 December 31, 2021 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_appliedenerge.htm
 CONSENT OF RBSM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S
CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
Applied Energetics, Inc. s Registrations Statements as follows: 

(1) Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File nos. 333-260037,
333-259413, and 333-256976) 

(2) Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File nos. 333-261581) 

of our report dated March 29, 2023, with respect
to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Applied Energetics, Inc., as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Applied Energetics, Inc., for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RBSM LLP 

Las Vegas, Nevada 

March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_appliedenerge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 15d-14 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gregory J Quarles, the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Applied Energetics, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Applied
Energetics Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Gregory J. Quarles 

Gregory J. Quarles 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_appliedenerge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL 

 ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 15d-14 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Christopher Donaghey, the Chief Financial Officer
of Applied Energetics, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Applied
Energetics Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Christopher Donaghey 

Christopher Donaghey 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_appliedenerge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the filing by Applied Energetics,
Inc. (the company of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report I, Gregory J Quarles, President and Chief Executive Officer of the company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(i) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the
company. 

This certificate is being made for
the exclusive purpose of compliance by the chief executive officer of Applied Energetics, Inc. with the requirements of Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be used for any other purposes. A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to Applied Energetics, Inc. and will be retained by Applied Energetics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Gregory J. Quarles 

Gregory J. Quarles 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 29, 2022 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_appliedenerge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL 

 ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the filing by Applied Energetics,
Inc. (the company of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report I, Christopher Donaghey, Chief Financial Officer of the company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(i) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the
company. 

This certificate is being made for
the exclusive purpose of compliance by the chief executive officer of Applied Energetics, Inc. with the requirements of Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be used for any other purposes. A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to Applied Energetics, Inc. and will be retained by Applied Energetics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Christopher Donaghey 

Christopher Donaghey 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 aerg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 aerg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 aerg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 aerg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 aerg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

