<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1131903_0001096906-23-000648.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3369892</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128291</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1694137</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>527481</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>355246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>620571</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-000648.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327130208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-000648
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPECTRAL CAPITAL Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001131903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				880472860
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50274
		FILM NUMBER:		23763175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 9TH AVENUE NE
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-385-6490

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 9TH AVENUE NE
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPECTRA CAPITAL Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUSA CAPITAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040707

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GALAXY CHAMPIONSHIP WRESTLING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-000648.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 fccn-20221231.htm
 SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

Spectral Capital Corporation - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended . 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to _________ 
 Commission File No. 

(Name of small business issuer in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Issuer s telephone number: ) 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 None 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [ ] Yes [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. [ ] Yes [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. 
 [X] [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] Yes [ ] No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of March 27, 2023, there are issued and outstanding only common equity shares in the amount of shares, par value 0.0001, of which there is only a single class. There are 5,000,000 preferred shares authorized and none issued and outstanding. 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price of such common equity was approximately . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Number 
 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 Description of Business 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 
 ITEM 2 
 Description of Property 
 10 
 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 10 
 
 ITEM 6 
 Reserved 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 13 
 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 14 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 14 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 15 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance With Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 15 
 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 17 
 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 18 
 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 19 
 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 19 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits 
 20 

Signatures 
 21 

In this report, unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms Spectral, Company, we, us, our and similar words refer to Spectral Capital Corporation, a Nevada corporation. 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Form 10-K, press releases and certain information provided periodically in writing or verbally by our officers or our agents contain statements which constitute forward-looking statements. The words may , would , could , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , plan , goal , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to specifically identify forward-looking statements. These statements appear in a number of places in this Form 10-K and include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of us, our directors or our officers, with respect to, among other things: (i) our liquidity and capital resources; (ii) our financing opportunities and plans; (iii) our ability to generate revenues; (iv) competition in our business segments; (v) market and other trends affecting our future financial condition or results of operations; (vi) our growth strategy and operating strategy; (vii) the declaration and/or payment of dividends; and (viii) any statements regarding any reserves, potential reserves, potential mineral yield or extraction costs with respect to our mining properties. 
 
 Investors and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. The factors that might cause such differences include, among others, those set forth in Part II, Item 7 of this annual report on Form 10-K, entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation, including without limitation the risk factors contained therein. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K after the date of this report. 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Spectral Capital Corporation is a technology company focused on the identification, acquisition, development, and financing of technology that has the potential to transform existing industries. We look for technology that can be protected through patents or laws regarding trade secrets. 
 
 In December 2021, the Company began providing telecommunications and data and switching services. Specifically, Spectral is providing international long distance reselling services on a business-to-business B2B basis. The Company is currently providing these services for select customers. 
 
 Spectral offers a complete selection of wholesale services for carriers and enterprises on our high-performance robust Voice IP network and provides high-quality Session Initiation Protocol SIP trunking, termination and origination through our platform. We make it easy for companies to operate with little to no investment or overhead allowing those companies to focus on serving their customers. Spectral has built a robust network and provides the applications and services to meet the needs of our telecommunications and data customers. 
 
 CORPORATE HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
 
 We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 13, 2000 as Galaxy Championship Wrestling, Inc., a media and entertainment company focused on developing, producing and marketing live entertainment in the professional wrestling sphere. 
 
 On March 31, 2004, unable to generate sufficient revenues to sustain our professional wrestling business, we ceased operations in this field and began exploring other business opportunities. 
 
 Also, on March 31, 2004 our controlling shareholders entered into a certain private stock purchase agreement, wherein they sold an aggregate of 5,750,000 of our common shares, representing a sixty-two and seventeen twentieths percent (62.85 controlling interest, to an unrelated third party. 
 17 
 
 By certificate of amendment filed June 17, 2004, we changed our name from Galaxy Championship Wrestling, Inc. to FUSA Capital Corporation. 
 
 During the period from March 31, 2004 until March 7, 2005 we had no meaningful operations and did not carry on any active business, focusing instead on identifying and evaluating the merits of alternative potential business and acquisition opportunities which might allow us to restart operations. 
 
 On March 7, 2005 we entered into a certain plan and agreement of reorganization with FUSA Technology Investments Corp. FTIC ), a Nevada corporation engaged in the emerging growth field of audio and video search engine technology, whereby we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of FTIC in addition to obtaining certain intellectual property concepts related to search engine technology as developed by FTIC and its principals. In March of 2005 we also entered into a three for one stock dividend payable to our shareholders. 
 
 From April 2005 until September 2010, we were engaged continuously in the development and operation of consumer focused media search engine technologies and portals. During the last nine months of 2009, we began to substantially curtail our operations and ongoing technology development as a consequence of (i) having completed a substantial portion of our planned principal technology development work and (ii) being unable to raise sufficient funds through revenue or sales of debt or equity securities to continue our previous levels of operation and development. We ceased operating our Internet properties in December 2010. 
 
 We had consistently lost money on our on-line consumer media properties due to the expenses involved in hosting, promotion, development and management of those sites. In an effort to maintain as much traffic as possible on our most popular media site, www.searchforvideo.com, which was also responsible for a large proportion of our expenses, we contracted with Brass Consulting Ltd. to maintain the site in exchange for net revenue produced from the site. This agreement was cancellable after 30 days notice. We cancelled this agreement in September 2009. We were not able to operate the site properly internally or through an external provider. 
 
 On June 29, 2009, our Board of Directors Board resolved to amend the Articles of Incorporation pursuant to Nevada Revised Statues 78.207 to decrease the number of authorized shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001, from 500,000,000 to 333,333 shares. Correspondingly, our Board of Directors affirmed a reverse split of one thousand and five hundred (1,500) to one (1) in which each shareholder was issued one (1) share in exchange for every one thousand and five hundred (1,500) common shares of their currently issued common stock. The record date for the reverse split was July 6, 2009. 
 
 On July 27, 2010, our shareholders voted to change our name to Spectral Capital Corporation and to increase the number of shares of our authorized common stock from 333,333, par value 0.0001 to 500,000,000, par value 0.0001. 
 
 In early 2013, Spectral Capital Corporation moved into a new line of business where it would focus on the identification, acquisition, development, and financing of technology that has the potential to transform existing industries. 
 
 On February 26, 2013, Spectral Capital Corporation, through its subsidiary, Spectral Holdings, Inc., signed a definitive Technology Acquisition Agreement Agreement to acquire mobile search engine and mobile sharing technology from Fiveseas Securities Ltd. Under the Agreement, Spectral issued Fiveseas 5,000,000 common shares of Spectral Capital Corporation, par value 0.0001. The Agreement called for the technology to reside within a newly formed entity called Noot Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which Spectral is a 60 owner of and Fiveseas is a 40 owner of. Fiveseas was granted a right of first refusal for any subsequent sale of the technology. 
 
 On December 1, 2013, Spectral Capital Corporation, through its subsidiary, Spectral Holdings, Inc., signed a definitive Technology Acquisition Agreement Agreement to acquire a technology application and service that enhances the way people find, consume, analyze, share and discuss financial news and topics, equities, commodities and currencies on the web from TL Global Inc. Under the Agreement, Spectral issued TL Global Inc. 5,000,000 common shares of Spectral Capital Corporation, par value 0.0001. The Agreement called for the technology to reside within a newly formed entity called Monitr Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which Spectral is a 60 owner of and TL Global Inc. is a 40 owner of. TL Global Inc. was granted a right of first refusal for any subsequent sale of the technology. 
 18 

On June 19, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, from 500,000,000 to 1,000,000,000 (the Increase in Authorized Capital and a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock whereby every ten (10) shares of issued and outstanding common stock would be combined into one (1) share of issued and outstanding common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ), and submitted both resolutions for stockholder approval. On June 20, 2022, the holder of a majority of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock approved the Increase in Authorized Capital and Reverse Stock Split by written consent. The Certificate of Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on November 22, 2022 to effectuate the Increase in Authorized Capital and Reverse Stock Split, which became effective on December 2, 2022. 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 4500 9th Avenue NE, Seattle, Washington 98105. Our phone number is (206) 385-6490. 
 
 PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 Spectral is focused on the identification, acquisition, development, and financing of technology that has the potential to transform existing industries. 
 
 Companies within the technology development and commercialization sector have a variety of areas of principal competence. Some companies focus on aggressively developing a portfolio of intellectual property and then licensing that property and defending it through litigation. Others focus on a technology embodied in a software product or device which has the potential to be acquired by businesses and/or consumers at a profit. Others seek to develop and commercialize technology that attracts a significant number of users who can be monetized through advertising. Of course, technology development and commercialization is a vast and complex field. Spectral has had an initial focus on information technology with a direct value proposition to businesses or consumers. 
 
 Like all companies that seek to develop a portfolio of high impact technologies and the corporate and organizational structure to monetize those technologies, Spectral must do the specialized work of lowering the risk profile of the commercialization of a particular technology to the point where it is able to grow at a reasonable customer acquisition cost. 
 
 Our business differs from those companies whose capital reserves, successful previous ability to monetize technology and scale, efficiencies and existing customer base allow them to select and develop technology by flooding the technology with financial and human resources. Spectral s approach is much more targeted. We only develop technology that we believe has a very specific fit with our expertise and limited capital. We develop technology that does not require massive investments in sales and marketing in order to reach an initial audience. 
 
 We have interests in telecommunications, data and switching services, specifically providing international long distance reselling services on a B2B basis. We form partnerships to expand our business as well as seek technological advancement opportunities that may provide us with a substantial advantage over our competition. Additionally, Spectral has majority ownership of two non-operating technology companies: Noot and Monitr. We believe the underlying technology for Noot with its foundation in mobile search and Monitr with its foundation in trend detecting software for stock trading analysis has the potential to create profitable businesses on their own but require substantial capital to upgrade their software to become competitive. Spectral currently does not have the financial means for these required upgrades. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete with a wide variety of parties in connection with our efforts to: (i) attract users to our various Analytics, Search Software portfolio companies and the ones we intend to develop; (ii) develop, market and distribute our current and anticipated B2C Business to Consumer and B2B software applications Applications or Apps as developed by our portfolio companies; (iii) attract third parties to distribute our Applications and related technology; and (iv) attract advertisers. In the case of our anticipated search services generally, our competitors include Google and other destination search websites and search centric portals (some of which provide a broad range of content and services and/or link to various desktop applications), third party toolbar, convenience search and applications providers, other search technology and convenience service providers (including internet access providers, social media platforms, online advertising networks, traditional media companies and companies that provide online content). When we market our portfolio search and analytics services, we compete against a variety of established players and new entrants. 
 19 
 
 Moreover, some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger customer bases and/or significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. As a result, they have the ability to devote comparatively greater resources to the development and promotion of their products and services, which could result in greater market acceptance of their products and services relative to those offered by us. 
 
 The telecommunication industry is growing market and new entrants into this industry arrive frequently. Entering the reselling industry does not require substantial capital in most cases. The most successful companies have developed long-lasting relationships with data carrier traffic providers and can utilize these relationships for high traffic within their networks. Spectral is a new entrant to this industry and must form relationships in order to grow and develop its customer base. Providing carriers with technology advancements for better connections and high quality customer service will be part of Spectral s mission in order to gain a competitive advantage. 
 
 Marketing and Customers 
 
 Spectral is providing international long distance reselling services on a B2B basis. The Company is currently providing these services for select customers through our efforts of partnership development. 
 
 Spectral s wholesale voice services provide global routing solutions and direct bilateral connections with major PTTs, Tier-1 carriers and mobile operators around the world. We seek partners that can further expand our network and improve voice quality experience in order to increase the number of carriers and mobile operators around the world who utilize Spectral s network solutions. 
 
 Noot is no longer a working mobile application, however, its foundation of mobile search and machine learning is still relevant today. Given adequate funding to upgrade its software, we believe there are alternative markets in which Noot could enter. The mobile search sector has much room to grow. 
 
 With the growth of financial technology Fintech ), Monitr has a growing list of competitors, however, we believe that Monitr s trend detecting software could perform well relative to the competition. Monitr will require substantial additional investment into its software to become competitive in the growing marketplace. 
 
 Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary Business 
 
 We do not have any current long-term agreements that impact our business. 
 
 Information Technology Governmental Regulation 
 
 Our operations are subject to various rules, regulations and limitations impacting the information technology industry as whole. We are subject to numerous United States (U.S.) federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Like other companies in the technology industry, we face heightened scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect to our compliance with laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. 
 
 Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could, individually or in the aggregate, increase our cost of doing business, make our products and services less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business models, cause us to change our business practices, affect our competitive position relative to our peers, and/or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We do not anticipate any significant impact of environmental regulations on our business. 
 
 OPERATIONS 
 
 Spectral is focused on the identification, acquisition, development, and financing of technology that has the potential to transform existing industries. Spectral has acquired significant stakes in two technology companies as well as interests within telecommunications, data and switching services, specifically providing international long distance reselling services on a B2B basis. 
 20 
 
 The majority of our operations consist of fostering partnerships for the expansion of our telecommunication reselling business as well as the development and commercialization of portfolio technology; including attendant information security needs and providing consistent and reliable access to our applications/technology. 
 
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have not incurred research and development expenses related to the development of our current software products and for our previous technology business. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 Overview 
 
 Some of the largest and most technologically sophisticated and financially successful companies in the world compete in the search engine and software development space. Capital requirements in this space can easily run into the hundreds of millions of dollars and Spectral is in no way able to compete directly against its larger and more well-financed competitors with respect to technology brands which require hundreds of millions of dollars to be spent either on technology development or sales and marketing. Instead, we tend to compete against much smaller companies, with limited capital resources, who are all looking at early-stage technology companies which require 1-4 years of development and 2- 5 million dollars in financing in order to reach critical mass in an important market. 
 
 Therefore, Spectral, like its smaller competitors within this space, can compete only by having a low enough overhead, a flexible enough risk profile, patience, a willingness to secure expensive management and technological resources on a flexible project basis and the utilization of equity-based incentives to attract talented personnel who find the risk reward profile of emerging growth companies appealing. 
 
 The telecommunications, data and switching services industry is highly competitive, with many companies vying for market share. These companies include large telecommunications providers such as AT T, T-Mobile, Vodafone and Verizon as well as a number of smaller companies that specialize in specific areas of the industry, such as fiber-optic networks or cloud-based data services. The competition in this industry is intense, with companies constantly striving to innovate and improve their service in order to attract and retain customers. This competition has led to lower prices and better overall service for consumers, as well as the development of new technologies and services. 
 
 Data reselling is a competitive market in which companies purchase wholesale access to telecommunications and data networks from large providers and then resell those services to their own customers. These resellers often compete on price, service quality, and the specific services they offer. Some resellers may specialize in certain types of services, such as business-class internet or virtual private networks, while others may focus on serving a specific geographic area or customer demographic. The level of competition in this market can vary depending on the size and concentration of the players involved, as well as on the regulatory environment. 
 
 Failure of Competitors 
 
 Many of our smaller competitors fail because of improperly architected technology, excessive spending on sales and marketing, information technology security problems, the failure to secure required development capital, the inability to efficiently develop a customer acquisition program cost effectively and the inability to efficiently and cost effectively manage technology development. 
 
 Our Competitive Position 
 
 We believe that Spectral s competitive advantage is our ability to find partners who together we can create technology and other services that provide a missing component in an existing market. We look for partners who have a similar work ethic to ours as well as the drive for creating opportunities through technological innovations. Spectral must create a platform where entrepreneurs want to partner with us. The difficulty lies in our ability to offer substantial pay packages so we need to attract entrepreneurs who will work for future payouts based on success. 
 21 

SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS 
 
 We are not particularly dependent on any one customer or supplier. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our intellectual property consists almost exclusively of trade secret protectable software code and proprietary information technology architecture. 
 
 We regard our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, patents, copyrights and other similar intellectual property, as critical to our success. 
 
 The businesses within our Noot Search and Monitr s trend detection software rely upon trade secrets, including algorithms for the generation, organization and presentation of search results. 
 
 Trademarks 
 
 We no longer intend to apply for registration of a trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office given the Company s current status. 
 
 Trade Secrets 
 
 Whenever we deem it important for purposes of maintaining the secrecy of information, such as sensitive and valuable search algorithms, we require parties with whom we share, or who otherwise are likely to become privy to, our trade secrets or other confidential information to execute and deliver to us confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreements. Among others, this may include employees, consultants and other advisors, each of whom may require us to execute such an agreement upon commencement of their employment, consulting or advisory relationships. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not to be disclosed to third parties except under specific circumstances. 
 
 As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have executed non-disclosure agreements with key employees, consultants or advisors. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had one full-time employee. 
 
 We are not subject to any collective bargaining agreements and believe that our relationships with our employees and consultants are good. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets, under the symbol FCCN . We file annual, quarterly, and current reports and other information with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These filings are available to the public on the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. We do not maintain a website where our annual, quarterly, and current reports, and amendments to those reports if any, are available free of charge. 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Not required. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 N/A. 
 22 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 4500 9 th Avenue NE, Seattle, Washington, 98105. Our telephone number is (206) 385-6490. The lease for this space is a revolving three-month term. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no pending material legal proceedings to which we were a party and we are not aware that any were contemplated. There can be no assurance, however, that we will not be made a party to litigation in the future. Any finding of liability imposed against us is likely to have an adverse effect on our business, our financial condition, including liquidity and profitability, and our results of operations 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 N/A. 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets, under the symbol FCCN . 
 
 The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for our common stock as reported each quarterly period within the last two years on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets, and as obtained from otcmarkets.com. The high and low prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
 
 Period 
 
 High 
 
 Low 

Year ended 2021 

Quarter ended 

March 31, 2021 

0.009 

0.009 
 
 June 30, 2021 

0.015 

0.0149 
 
 September 30, 2021 

0.016 

0.016 
 
 December 31, 2021 

0.009 

0.0088 

Year ended 2022 

Quarter ended 

March 31, 2022 

0.158 

0.076 
 
 June 30, 2022 

0.16 

0. 0364 
 
 September 30, 2022 

0.129 

0.027 
 
 December 31, 2022 

0.05 

0.0283 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 97 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 DIVIDENDS 
 
 From our inception we have never declared or paid any cash dividends on shares of our common stock and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The decision to declare any future cash dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that our board of directors deem relevant. Although it is our intention to utilize all available funds for the development of our business, no restrictions are in place that would limit our ability to pay dividends. The payment of any future cash dividends will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. 
 23 
 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company did not repurchase any of its equity securities during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 
 Reserved. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Our critical accounting policies, including the assumptions and judgments underlying those policies, are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. We have consistently applied these policies in all material respects. Investors are cautioned, however, that these policies are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially. Set forth below are the accounting policies that we believe most critical to an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, Spectral Holdings, Inc, its 60 owned subsidiary, Noot Holdings, Inc, from its date of incorporation of February 28, 2013, and its 60 owned subsidiary, Monitr Holdings, Inc. from its date of incorporation of December 1, 2013. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Spectral Capital Corporation Spectral or the Company , also We or Us is a technology company focused on the identification, acquisition, development, financing of technology that has the potential to transform existing industries. We have interests in telecommunications, data and switching services, specifically providing international long distance reselling services on a business-to-business B2B basis. We seek partnerships to expand our business as well as seek technological advancement opportunities that may provide us with a substantial advantage over our competition. Additionally, Spectral has majority ownership of two non-operating technology companies: Noot and Monitr. We believe the underlying technology for both Noot and Monitr has the potential to create profitable businesses on their own but require substantial capital to upgrade their software to become competitive. Spectral currently does not have the financial means for these required upgrades. 
 
 PLAN OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Spectral Capital is a technology startup accelerator that invests in early stage companies. Spectral targets industry verticals and solutions where disruption and network effects allow for rapid adoption and displacement of incumbents. We work with startups focusing them on rapid development, getting to market, and refining their products and services with innovative features that reflect direct customer and market feedback. In addition to meeting some of the financing needs of our portfolio companies, we provide our teams with executive support at the technology, marketing and operations level in effort to bring optimal results. 
 24 

Our technology portfolio consists of two companies where Spectral is the majority owner: Noot and Monitr. 
 
 Noot is a mobile technology company that created the mobile application Noot which utilized proprietary search engine technology for mobile devices that delivered personalized information to the user. While Noot is no longer a working mobile application, its foundation of mobile search and machine learning is still relevant today. Given adequate funding to upgrade its software, we believe there are alternative markets in which Noot could enter. The mobile search sector has much room to grow. Currently Spectral is unable to provide the necessary funds for this upgrade. 
 
 Monitr, launched in late 2014, is a technology and financial data services company that identifies for investors stocks that its software detects to be trending up in price at the moment. 
 
 Monitr leverages cloud computing, big data and software to analyze the financial markets to discover those stocks that are trending now. Thousands of companies, news stories, blogs and opinion pieces are analyzed daily to uncover the trends and displayed in an accessible and easy-to-use web based interface for investors and traders. 
 Many investors use only a few sources to become informed of market conditions, Monitr provides investors with access to thousands of sources. 
 
 Monitr specializes in the analysis of news and opinion to determine the aggregate sentiment and trends of equities across markets in part to detect trends and provide relevant data for its users. 
 
 With the growth of Fintech, Monitr has a growing list of competitors, however, we believe that Monitr s trend detecting software could perform well relative to the competition. However, Monitr will require substantial additional investment into its software to become competitive in the growing marketplace. Currently Spectral is unable to provide the necessary funds for this upgrade. 
 
 Additionally, we have recently entered the telecommunications, data and switching services market, specifically providing international long distance reselling services on a B2B basis. We form partnerships to expand our business as well as seek technological advancement opportunities that may provide us with a substantial advantage over our competition. 
 
 Over the course of the next 12 months, Spectral intends to increase capital so that we may advance our telecommunication reselling business, foster the development of Noot and Monitr as well as expand our portfolio, given adequate capital. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 Revenues and Cost of Revenues 
 
 We are currently engaged in a technology development business and recently commenced operations within the telecom industry. Net, revenues increased from 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 98,323 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is due commencing our new business venture in the telecom industry. The Company temporarily paused its current operations during increase is due to launching of our new business venture. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses increased 167,153, from 172,230 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 339,383 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The significant increase was due to the expansion of our operations due to our new line of business. 
 25 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 87 of cash on hand. We intend to fund operations through the use of cash on hand and through additional advances from our chief executive officer and through debt and equity financings until sufficient cash flows from operations can be achieved. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities increased 16,522, from 28,500 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 45,022 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This continued low amount of costs was primarily related to the Company having limited operations, due to the cash flow limitations. 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities increased by 27,079 from 28,351 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 55,530 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to sales of common stock. 
 
 We believe that our current financial resources are not sufficient to meet our working capital requirements over the next year. Additional funding will be necessary in order to expand portfolio operations and to reach our goals. Currently, the Company does not have any commitments or assurances for additional capital nor can the Company provide assurance that such financing will be available to it on favorable terms, or at all. If, after utilizing the existing sources of capital available to the Company, further capital needs are identified and the Company is not successful in obtaining the financing, it may be forced to curtail its existing or planned future operations. In addition, if necessary, we will decrease expenses and redirect our efforts towards a sale of one of more of our assets should funding become inadequate. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 As a Smaller Reporting Company , this Item and the related disclosure is not required. 
 26 

SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F - 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 4 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F - 7 

F-1 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the shareholders and the board of directors of Spectral Capital Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Spectral Capital Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 20201, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s minimal activities raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s BF Borgers CPA PC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 F-2 

SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit: 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Related party advances and accruals 

Current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value , and shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

) 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total stockholders' deficit - Spectral Capital Corp. 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Costs of sales 

Gross income 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Wages and benefits 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss before non-controlling interest 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to Spectral Capital Corporation 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Basic loss per common share 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Diluted loss per common share 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Weighted average shares - basic 

Weighted average shares - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 

Non- 

Total 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Controlling Interest 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 December 31, 2020 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Non-controlling interest 

) 

) 
 
 Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 

December 31, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Conversion of convertible note 

Non-controlling interest 

) 

) 
 
 Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 

September 30, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss attributable to Spectral Capital Corporation 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) by operating activities: 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 ) 

Due to related parties - accrued salary 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from related party advances 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Exchange of related party advances and accruals for a convertible note payable and subsequent conversion into common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and negative working capital of . The Company expects current cash on hand will not be able to fund operations for a period 12 months or more. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 To date management has funded its operations through selling equity securities and advances from related parties. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or obtaining debt financing and attaining future profitable operations, however, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in these efforts. As of the date of these consolidated financial statements the Company does not have any firm commitments for capital. Without the required capital, the Company will be required to reduce their development expenditures which will potentially delay the completion of products which are expected to generate future revenues. 
 
 F-7 

owned subsidiaries, Noot Holdings, Inc. from its date of incorporation of February 28, 2013, and Monitr Holdings, Inc. from its date of incorporation of December 1, 2013. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

F-8 

F-9 

were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing outstanding options, and were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 
 ) 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 ) 

F-10 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to the CEO related to accrued salaries were and , respectively. Decrease in the current period is due to the conversion of accounts payable into a related party convertible note payable. 
 
 From time to time due to the limited cash flow available, the Company's CEO pays certain operating expenditures on behalf of the Company. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's CEO was due and in connection with these advances, respectively. Decrease in the current period is due to the conversion of accounts payable into a related party convertible note payable. 
 
 As noted above, all amounts due to the Chief Executive Officer as December 31, 2021, were converted into a convertible note payable. The note is due and demand and convertible at 0.005 per share. During the first quarter of 2022, the Chief Executive Officer sold the 1,054,653 and 206,956 convertible notes to a third party which was then converted into approximately 25.2 million shares in April 2022. 
 
 F-11 

that may be available to reduce future years taxable income through 2037. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these consolidated financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. The difference between the Company s tax rate and the statutory rate is due to a full valuation allowance. 
 
 The provision for Federal income tax consists of the following: 

Less: valuation allowance 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net provision of income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. The Company is subject to routine audits by taxing jurisdictions; however, there are currently no audits for any tax periods in progress. The Company believes they are no longer subject to income tax examinations for years prior to 2012. 

F-12 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AN ACCOUNTING FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, as well as outside consultants. In assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting we utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission as published in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Guidance for Smaller Public Companies. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer found material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and therefore concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were ineffective. 
 
 The determination of ineffective internal control is based upon the lack of separation of duties, which was first identified during the year ended December 31, 2010. Our entire management is comprised of one individual. It is impossible to create a system of checks and balances with oversight in this circumstance. It is management s intention to bring additional people into the management team. Once there are more members of management, responsibilities can be divided and oversight roles created. The Company estimates the annual costs of such remediation efforts in the form of additional management will be 150,000 per year. The Company intends to make such hires and create segregation of duties and proper oversight as soon as the capital is obtained. 
 
 We understand that remediation of disclosure controls is a continuing work in progress due to the issuance of new standards and promulgations. However, remediation of the material weaknesses described above is among our highest priorities. Our management will periodically assess the progress and sufficiency of our ongoing initiatives and make adjustments as and when necessary. As of the date of this report, our management believes that our efforts will remediate the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as described above. 
 
 Notwithstanding these material weaknesses which are described below, our management performed additional analyses, reconciliations and other post-closing procedures and has concluded that the Company s consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. for each of the periods presented herein. 
 
 Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 
 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 14 

Management does not expect that the Company s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the (i) effectiveness and efficiency of operations, (ii) reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and (iii) compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Our internal controls framework is based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 Management, consisting of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission as published in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Guidance for Smaller Public Companies. Based on the assessment by management, we determined that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control of Financial Reporting 
 
 During the year ended there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 N/A. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, CONTROL PERSONS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 
 Our board of directors were elected and will serve until their successor is duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier resignation. The following table sets forth our directors and executive officers and their ages as of the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Stephen Spalding 
 
 76 
 
 Chief Financial and Accounting Officer and Director 

Jenifer Osterwalder - Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 
 Jenifer Osterwalder has served as our Chief Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and as a director since March 7, 2005. Previously, from January 2005 to March 2005, Ms. Osterwalder served as President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and as a director FUSA Technology Investments Corp. From January 2000 to January 2005, she served as a consultant investment banker to Five Seas 
 15 
 
 Securities, Ltd., a securities firm in British Columbia, Canada. From August 2004 to December 2004, Ms. Osterwalder served as a consultant Manger to International Conference Services, Ltd., a conference and destination management firm in British Columbia, Canada. From January 2003 to December 2003, she served as a consultant Investment Liaison and Marketing Director for Terrikon Corporation, in British Columbia, Canada. Ms. Osterwalder received her Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in marketing and logistics from Ohio State University. 
 
 Stephen Spalding Interim Chief Financial and Accounting Officer , Director 
 
 Mr. Spalding has been an independent management and financial consultant based in Mill Valley, California since March 2008. In the course of his management and financial consulting business, Mr. Spalding serves on numerous boards and is an advisor and interim officer for numerous companies, which include Paxton Energy Incorporated, Cytta Corporation and Verde Resources, Inc. Mr. Spalding is also former CEO of Vigilant Privacy Corporation, a private Nevada corporation that was based in Pleasanton, California, from 2003 to March 2008, where he procured the firm s angel round of financing and led the organization while the company s product was transformed from a desktop product to an enterprise security solution. Previously he was a Partner at Deloitte Touche LLP, from 1997 - 2003, where he was responsible for their IDI Practice (Implementation, Development and Integration) Division. He was formerly a partner at KPMG Peat Marwick LLP from 1995 - 1997, and was involved in Strategic Services, Enabling Technology Practice. Until recent budget cuts, Mr. Spalding was an Assistant Professor at San Francisco State University of Business Systems Management and Control, Course Number 507 (Senior/Graduate Level). He has an MBA, in Quantitative Analysis, University of Arizona, 1974. He also has a B.S., Finance and Management, Eastern Illinois University, 1973, a B.S., Physics (solid state), Eastern Illinois University, 1969 and a B.S., Mathematics, Eastern Illinois University, 1969. 
 
 FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS 
 
 There are no family relationships, by blood or marriage, among any of our directors or executive officers. 
 
 INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 During the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers and control persons have been involved in any of the following events: 
 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was an executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and 
 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 
 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMMITTEES 
 
 As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have no standing committees and our entire board of directors serves as our audit, compensation and nominating committees. Our board of directors has determined that Stephen Spalding, a member of our board, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. However, we intend to appoint an audit, a compensation and a nominating committee of our board of directors. 
 
 As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, there have been no material changes to the procedures by which our security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 
 16 

CODE OF ETHICS 
 
 We currently do not have a Code of Ethics and plan to adopt one as we develop our business. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The following table sets forth the total compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Chief Executive Officer during each of the last two completed years. No other individuals are employed by us or have earned a total annual salary and bonus in excess of 100,000 during any of the last two completed years. 
 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 
 Bonus 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Option Awards 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 
 All Other Compensation 
 
 Total 
 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 2022 
 
 144,000 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 144,000 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 
 
 144,000 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 144,000 

Stephen Spalding, Interim Chief Financial and Accounting Officer and Director 
 
 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

2021 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 
 
 Our President and CEO, Ms. Osterwalder, does not currently have an employment agreement, however, the Company has agreed to pay Ms. Osterwalder 12,000 a month beginning January 1, 2020 for services rendered. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to Ms. Osterwalder for accrued compensation were 144,000 and 1,054,653, respectively. 
 
 As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have no other employment agreements in place with any of our other executive officers, directors or employees. 
 
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT YEAR END 
 
 There were no outstanding option equity awards at our year end. 
 
 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Pursuant to authority granted under our Article II, Section 2.16 of our bylaws, directors are entitled to such compensation as our board of directors shall from time to time determine. The following table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 

Fees Earned 
 or Paid 
 in Cash 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 
 Non- 
 Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 
 All Other Compensation 
 
 Total 
 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 

Stephen Spalding 

17 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 (a) 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 (b) 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of January 31, 2023. The information in these tables provides ownership information for: 
 
 each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than a 5 of our common stock 
 each of our directors and executive officers; and 
 all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 
 
 Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to our common stock and those rights to acquire additional shares within sixty days. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the number of shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them, except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage of ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options and/or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable, as appropriate, or will become exercisable within sixty (60) days of the reporting date are deemed outstanding, even if they have not actually been exercised. Those shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The address of each person listed is care of Spectral Capital Corporation., 4500 9th Avenue NE, Seattle, Washington, 98105. 
 
 Name 
 
 Amount and 
 Nature of Ownership 
 
 Percent of Class 

Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 - 
 
 0.0 

Stephen Spalding 
 
 - 
 
 0.0 

All officers, directors, and 5 or greater shareholders as a group (2 persons) 
 
 - 
 
 0.0 

18 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 Jenifer Osterwalder, President, Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Jenifer Osterwalder charges the Company 12,000 per month beginning January 1, 2020 for services rendered. Total amounts expended in the Company s consolidated financial statements in connection with the Ms. Osterwalder s services was 144,000 for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to the Ms. Osterwalder related to accrued salaries were 144,000 and 1,054,653, respectively. 
 
 From time to time due to the limited cash flow available, Ms. Osterwalder pays certain operating expenditures on behalf of the Company. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Ms. Osterwalder was due 5,500 and 206,956 in connection with these advances, respectively. 
 
 Independent Directors 
 
 The Board of Directors has determined that director Stephen Spalding is an independent director under standards established by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 The board of directors may ratify a Related Transaction by a majority vote of the disinterested directors that are voting at any Special or Regularly scheduled board meeting. A Related Transaction is defined as a material agreement, contract, or other transaction between a current officer, director, or shareholder of the Company and the Company itself. Additionally, under no circumstances may the Related Transaction that is ratified be on less favorable terms to the Company than it would have it been negotiated with an unrelated third party. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate amount of various professional fees billed by our principal accountants with respect to our last two years: 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees 
 
 20,000 

19,413 

Audit-related fees 
 
 - 

- 

Tax fees 
 
 - 

- 

All other fees 
 
 - 

- 

Total 
 
 20,000 

19,413 

19 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 
 
 No. 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Spectral Capital Corporation, dated September 13, 2000, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) on Form 10-SB filed May 1, 2003. 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Spectral Capital Corporation, dated June 17, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2004. 

3.3 
 By-laws of Spectral Capital Corporation, dated September 14, 2000, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) on Form 10-SB filed May 1, 2003. 

3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Spectral Capital Corporation, dated November 22, 2022 filed with the secretary of state of Nevada and effective on December 2, 2022. 

10.1 
 Telecommunications services agreement with Sky Data PLL OU (Estonia) dated January 3, 2022. 

10.2 
 Reciprocal Carrier Services Agreement entered into between EZ Mobile, LLC and Spectral Capital Corp. dated February 15, 2022. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350). 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350). 

20 

Signatures 
 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Jenifer Osterwalder 

Jenifer Osterwalder 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Stephen Spalding 

Stephen Spalding 

Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 

21 

<EX-3.4>
 2
 fccn_ex3z4.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORPORATION, DATED NOVEMBER 22, 2022 FILED WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF NEVADA AND EFFECTIVE ON DECEMBER 2, 2022.

</EX-3.4>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 fccn_ex10z1.htm
 TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES AGREEMENT WITH SKY DATA PLL OU (ESTONIA) DATED JANUARY 3, 2022.

RECIPROCAL CARRIER SERVICES AGREEMENT 

entered into between 

Sky Data PLL OU 

and 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 
 Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

Reciprocal Carrier Services Agreement 

This Agreement is made and entered into this 3rd day of January 2022 , between SKY DATA PLL OU, SKY a corporation formed and existing under the laws of Estonia, with its registered address at Harju maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna linnaosa, Ahtri tn 6a, 10151 and Spectral Capital Corp. SCC ), a company incorporated and existing under the laws of Nevada, with its principal offices located at 4500 9th Avenue NE Seattle, WA 98105 (collectively the Parties and individually a Party ). 

WHEREAS, SCC and SKY are providers of international telecommunications Services; and 

WHEREAS, SKY desires to procure certain telecommunications Services provided by SCC. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and Agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
 
 DEFINITIONS: 
 
 Effective Date shall mean the date of execution of this Agreement. 
 
 Service or Services shall mean those telecommunication Services described in the attached relevant Annex (es) incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Service Date shall mean the date of completion of provisioning and testing of Service(s), and each Party shall notify the other Party of the respective Service Date of Services it is providing hereunder. 
 
 Customer shall mean the Party purchasing Service(s). 
 
 Provider shall mean the Party of the Agreement who is providing the Service/termination to the Customer. 
 
 1. SERVICE 
 
 The Parties, directly or through their affiliates or underlying carriers, shall provide, procure, and utilize the Services per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 2. TERM 
 
 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue to be in force unless and until terminated in accordance with the terms hereof. The Parties may terminate this Agreement, and/or terminate or suspend any Service provided to Customer under it, at any time without liability upon thirty (30) days prior written notice. The Parties may terminate this Agreement without liability on three (3) days prior written notice to Customer for any breach of this Agreement including, but not limited to, a failure by Customer to pay in a timely manner any charges for Services rendered. In addition, either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately without notice or liability in the event that either Party deems such actions necessary due to Customer s use of the Services for unlawful purposes or in an unlawful manner, or in order to protect or preserve either Party s network. In the event of any termination of this Agreement each Party shall pay the other Party for all Service rendered through and including the date of termination. 
 SCC 
 SKY 

Page 2 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

3. CONNECTIONS 
 
 Where applicable, each Party shall be responsible to connect to the other Party s network at one of the other Party s network interconnection locations, and the Parties shall be responsible to procure, at their own expense, the necessary facilities or equipment required to interconnect to such locations. The Parties shall endeavor to provide the Services on the Service Date and they shall be solely responsible to coordinate the provisioning of their respective matching facilities and/or equipment (where applicable) by the Service Date. The Parties shall coordinate the management of their respective network facilities. The Parties also shall interface on a 24 hours/7 days a week basis to assist each other with the isolation and repair of any facility faults in their respective networks. 
 
 4. RATES 
 
 a) During the term of this Agreement, SCC shall charge for the telecommunication Services, and SKY shall pay for such telecommunication Services, the amount determined by using the rates set forth in Annex A. 
 
 b) During the term of this Agreement, SKY shall charge for the telecommunication Services, and SCC shall pay for such telecommunication Services, the amount determined by using the rates set forth in Annex B . 
 
 c) SCC shall have the right to modify the rates and conditions set forth in Annex A at any time, but shall give the other Party at least seven (7) days prior written notice. 
 
 d) SKY shall have the right to modify the rates and conditions set forth in Annex B at any time, but shall give the other Party at least seven (7) days prior written notice. 
 
 5. SECURITY 
 
 As a condition of the Parties obligations hereunder, and to ensure the prompt payment of sums due from Customer, Customer may be requested by the other Party to furnish upon the execution of this Agreement either a cash deposit in an amount satisfactory to the Provider, or an irrevocable and unconditional letter of credit in an amount satisfactory to the Provider. The Provider shall have the right to require Customer to increase the amount or institute a requirement for a cash deposit, letter of credit, or other security whenever it deems such increase to be necessary. Customer shall provide such increased security to the Provider within three (3) days of request. 
 
 6. PAYMENT TERMS 
 
 Standard Terms: The Parties hereby acknowledge that usage charges for the Services shall be billed monthly, approximately covering thirty-one (31) billing days (the 1 st to the end of month) and that payment for such Services is due and payable without demand in US dollars within thirty (30) days of invoice date (the Due Date ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Parties agree to offset all Usage Charges during each invoicing period. Each billing period will begin 1 st 00:00 GMT and end of month 23:59:59 GMT. Late payments shall be assessed a late charge of 1.5 per month or the maximum amount permitted by law, whichever is less. 
 
 Additional Payments: Each Party may request additional weekly payments. Each Party will pay for all traffic consumed, since the last billing period. Payment requests received prior to 1 pm EST Monday-Friday will be processed for payment the same day. 
 . 
 
 Additional Payments: Each Party may request additional weekly payments. Each Party will pay for all traffic consumed, since the last billing period. Payment requests received prior to 1 pm EST Monday-Friday will be processed for payment the same day. 
 SCC 
 SKY 

Page 3 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

For Services provided by Spectral Capital Corp, SKY can wire transfer payments to: 
 
 Name of Recipient: GBG Advisors Corp 
 Street Address: 18501 Pynes Blvd 
 Suite: 305 
 City: Pembroke Pynes 
 State: FL (Florida) 
 Zip Code: 33029 
 Country: USA 
 
 Name of Bank: Chase Bank 
 Street Address: 19495 Biscayne Blvd 
 Suite: 100 
 City: Aventura 
 State: FL (Florida) 
 Zip Code: 33180 
 Country: USA 
 
 Account number: 589965265 (SWIFT FIELD 59 insert where the IBAN /Account Number is requested) 
 Swift Receiver: CHASUS33XXX 
 
 7. DISPUTES 
 
 Should either Party dispute any of the charges on the invoice, it shall notify the other Party of the disputed charges not later than thirty (30) days from the date of invoice. Said dispute shall set forth in writing all details concerning the disputed charges. In the event of a dispute; the entire invoice shall be paid in accordance with the payment terms set forth herein. Disputes shall be reviewed and resolved within fifteen (15) days of receipt of written dispute. However, the Provider shall have no obligation to review disputed charges until the disputed invoice is paid in full. In the event such dispute is resolved in favor of Customer, Provider shall provide Customer with a credit against future billing in the amount of the disputed billing. In the event that Customer fails to pay an invoice in full because of a billing dispute, Provider shall have the right, after giving Customer five (5) days prior written notice, to suspend all or any portion of the Services until such time as the dispute is resolved or to require Customer to provide additional security deposit. 
 
 8. TAXES 
 
 The Parties acknowledge and understand that all charges stated in the attached Annexes are computed exclusive of any applicable use, excise, gross receipts, sales and privilege taxes, duties, fees, or other taxes or similar liabilities (other than general income or property taxes). Such Additional Charges shall be paid by the Customer in addition to all other charges provided herein. 
 
 9. WARRANTY 
 
 The Parties shall use reasonable efforts under the circumstances to maintain overall network quality. The quality of Service provided hereunder shall be consistent with other common carrier industry standards, government regulations and sound business practices. 
 
 THE PARTIES MAKE NO OTHER WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SERVICE PROVIDED HEREUNDER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MARKETABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. 
 SCC 
 SKY 

Page 4 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

10. FRAUDULENT CALLS 
 
 a) The Provider shall not be responsible or liable for any interruption, diminution, or failure of service, in whole or in part, and in no event shall the Provider be responsible or liable for any incidental or consequential damages incurred by Customer or any user of Customer s service. 
 
 b) Customer shall indemnify and hold the Provider harmless from and against all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and actions of any kind arising from or related to fraudulent calls of any nature which may comprise a portion of the Service to the extent that the Party claiming the call(s) in question to be fraudulent is (or was at the time of the call) a Customer or end-user of the Service. Customer shall not be excused from paying the Provider for Service provided to Customer, or any portion thereof, on the basis that fraudulent calls comprised a corresponding portion of the Service. 
 
 11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 
 IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HERETO BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF CLIENTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR LOSS OF PROFITS ARISING IN ANY MANNER FROM THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATION HEREUNDER. 
 
 12. FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 No failure or omission by either Party to carry out or observe any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, other than any payment obligation shall give rise to any claim against such Party or be deemed a breach of this Agreement if such failure or omission arises from an act of God, and act or omission of Government, insurrection of civil disorder, war or military operations, national or local emergency, acts or omissions of Government, highway authority or other competent authority, industrial disputes of any kind (whether or not involving the Party s employees), fire, lighting, explosion, flood, subsidence, inclement weather, acts or omissions of persons or bodies for whom the Party is not responsible or any other cause whether similar or dissimilar outside such Party s control. 
 
 13. PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 Shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate either: 1) two years immediately following the termination of this Agreement, or 2) two years after the termination or expiration of any other Agreement between the Parties, whichever occurs later. Notwithstanding such expiration or termination, confidentiality pursuant to this Agreement shall survive with respect to any Proprietary Information received prior to such expiration or termination for as long as the Proprietary Information remains confidential. 
 
 14. SEVERABILITY 
 
 If any provision, subsection or sentence contained in this Agreement is found to be unenforceable in any respect, such unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such enforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 
 15. NO AGENCY 
 
 Neither Party is authorized to act as an agent for, or legal representative of, the other Party and neither Party shall have the authority to assume or create any obligation on behalf of, in the name of, or binding upon the other Party. Customer shall not represent or intimate that Provider is responsible for the type or quality of Customer s services to a third party customer. 
 SCC 
 SKY 

Page 5 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

16. SUSPENSION OF SERVICES 
 
 In the event payment in full is not received from either Party when due, the other Party shall have the right, after giving the defaulting Party one (1) day prior written notice, to suspend all or any portion of the Service to the defaulting Party until such time as such Party has paid in full all charges then due, including any late fees. 
 
 17. BINDING AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement and the Parties described obligations shall be binding on the representatives, assigns and successors of the Parties and shall inure to the benefit of the assigns and the successors of the Parties. 
 
 18. AMENDMENTS 
 
 This Agreement may not be modified, except by a written document signed by authorized officers of the Parties hereto. 
 
 19. NO WAIVER 
 
 The failure to enforce or to require the performance at any time of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of any other provision and shall not affect either the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof or the right of any Party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. 
 
 20. NOTICES 
 
 All notices, requests or other communications hereunder shall be in writing, addressed to the Parties at the address indicated in this Agreement or as otherwise stated in the relevant Annex hereto in respect of any particular Service. Notices mailed by registered or certified mail shall be deemed to have been received by the addressee on the fifth business day following the mailing or sending thereof. Notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have received when the delivery confirmation is received. Any notices of change of address shall be deemed to have been received only when actually received. 
 
 a) In the case of Sky Data PLL OU : 
 
 Sky Data PLL OU 
 Harju maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna linnaosa, Ahtri tn 6a, 10151 
 Info@skypll.com 

b) In the case of the SKY: Spectral Capital Corp. 
 
 Spectral Capital Corp. 
 4500 9th Avenue NE Seattle, WA 98105 
 Jenifer.osterwalder@spectralcapital.com 

21. HEADINGS 
 
 The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 SCC 
 SKY 

Page 6 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

22. CHOICE OF LAW 
 
 This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regards to the choice of law principles thereof. 
 
 Any civil action or other legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any dealings between the Parties officers, directors, employees, or agents on the other hand, whether brought before or after any termination of this Agreement, shall be brought and heard only in arbitration in The State of Nevada and the Parties hereto expressly waive any rights under any law or rule to cause any such proceeding to be brought and heard in any other location. The Parties consent to jurisdiction The State of Nevada in any civil action or other legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 
 
 23. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement and the Schedules attached hereto set forth the full Agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior Agreement or understanding. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties have executed this Agreement in duplicate, or caused this Agreement to be executed in duplicate by a duly authorized officer, as of the effective date above written. 

Sky Data PLL OU, 
 
 SKY: Spectral Capital Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Vladimir Ivanov 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 Name: 
 Vladimir Ivanov 
 
 Name: 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 Title: 
 President / Director 
 
 Title: 
 Director 

SCC 
 SKY 

Page 7 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

Schedule of Annexes 

A. SCC Services and Pricing 
 
 B. SKY Services and Pricing 
 
 C. Technical Contact Information 
 
 D. Billing Information 
 SCC 
 SKY 

Page 8 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

Annex A 
 
 Spectral Capital Corp Tariffs 
 
 SCC tariffs shall consist of the following: 
 
 Billing 
 Billing shall be made at the Established Rate, All U.S. terminating and U.S. originating calls will be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded up to the forth decimal place. All internationally terminating calls (other than calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti, Niue Island and Gambia) will be rated in one (1) second increments with a one (1) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded to the fourth decimal place. Calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti and Niue Island will be rated in sixty (60) second increments. Calls to Gambia will be rated with a sixty (60) second per call minimum and in one (1) second increments thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, calls to destinations outside of the 50 U.S. states but that are within the North American Numbering Plan shall be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum. References to all times or dates, under this agreement billing and invoicing are to the time and date according to the Co-ordinated Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). 

Destination 
 Country Code/City Code 
 Rate 
 Effective Date 

Rate Notices 

Rate Administrator 
 
 Name: 
 Rates Administration 
 
 Email: 
 pricinglist@powerbase.tech 

SCC 
 SKY 

Page 9 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

Annex B 
 
 SKY Tariffs 
 
 SKY tariffs shall consist of the following: 
 
 Billing 
 Billing shall be made at the Established Rate, All U.S. terminating and U.S. originating calls will be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded up to the forth decimal place. All internationally terminating calls (other than calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti, Niue Island and Gambia) will be rated in one (1) second increments with a one (1) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded to the fourth decimal place. Calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti and Niue Island will be rated in sixty (60) second increments. Calls to Gambia will be rated with a sixty (60) second per call minimum and in one (1) second increments thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, calls to destinations outside of the 50 U.S. states but that are within the North American Numbering Plan shall be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum. References to all times or dates, under this agreement billing and invoicing are to the time and date according to the Co-ordinated Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). 
 
 Destination 
 Country Code/City Code 
 Rate 
 Effective Date 

Rate Notices 

Rate Administrator 
 
 Name: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Phone: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Fax: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Email: 
 Click here to enter text. 

SCC 
 SKY 

Page 10 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

Annex C 
 
 Technical Contact Information 

Spectral Capital Corp, LLC: 

Switch Engineer 
 NOC 
 Provisioning 
 
 Name: 
 
 NOC Engineer 
 NOC Engineer 
 
 Email: 
 
 noc@powerbase.tech 
 noc@powerbase.tech 

SKY: 

Switch Engineer 
 NOC 
 Provisioning 
 
 Name: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 Click here to enter text. 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Email: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 Click here to enter text. 
 Click here to enter text. 

SCC 
 SKY 

Page 11 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

Spectral Capital Corp. 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 
 Confidentia l 

Annex D 

Billing Information 
 
 SCC: 

Billing Contact 
 
 Name: 
 Billing 
 
 Phone: 

Fax: 

Email: 
 billing@powerbase.tech 

SKY: 

Billing Contact 
 
 Name: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Phone: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Fax: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Email: 
 contact@spectralcapital.com 

SCC 
 SKY 

Page 12 
 
 PLEASE INITIAL 
 PLEASE INITIAL 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 fccn_ex10z2.htm
 RECIPROCAL CARRIER SERVICES AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BETWEEN EZ MOBILE, LLC AND SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORP. DATED FEBRUARY 15, 2022.

RECIPROCAL CARRIER SERVICES AGREEMENT 

entered into between 

EZ MOBILE, LLC 

and 

SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORP. 
 
 EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

Reciprocal Carrier Services Agreement 

This Agreement is made and entered into this 15th day of February, 2022, between EZ Mobile, LLC EZM a limited liability company formed and existing under the laws of the State of New York, with its registered address at 405 RXR Plaza Uniondale, NY 11556 - USA and SPECTRAL CAPITAL CORP Company ), a company incorporated and existing under the laws of NEVADA, with its principal offices located at 4500 9 th Avenue NE Seattle, WA 98105 (collectively the Parties and individually a Party ). 
 
 WHEREAS, EZM and Company are providers of international telecommunications Services; and 

WHEREAS, EZM desires to procure certain telecommunications Services provided by Company and Company desires to procure certain telecommunications Services provided by EZM. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and Agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

DEFINITIONS: 
 
 Effective Date shall mean the date of execution of this Agreement. 
 
 Service or Services shall mean those telecommunication Services described in the attached relevant Annex (es) incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Service Date shall mean the date of completion of provisioning and testing of Service(s), and each Party shall notify the other Party of the respective Service Date of Services it is providing hereunder. 
 
 Customer shall mean the Party purchasing Service(s). 
 
 Provider shall mean the Party of the Agreement who is providing the Service/termination to the Customer. 
 
 1. SERVICE 
 
 The Parties, directly or through their affiliates or underlying carriers, shall provide, procure, and utilize the Services per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 Page 2 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

2. TERM 
 
 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue to be in force unless and until terminated in accordance with the terms hereof. The Parties may terminate this Agreement, and/or terminate or suspend any Service provided to Customer under it, at any time without liability upon thirty (30) days prior written notice. The Parties may terminate this Agreement without liability on three (3) days prior written notice to Customer for any breach of this Agreement including, but not limited to, a failure by Customer to pay in a timely manner any charges for Services rendered. In addition, either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately without notice or liability in the event that either Party deems such actions necessary due to Customer s use of the Services for unlawful purposes or in an unlawful manner, or in order to protect or preserve either Party s network. In the event of any termination of this Agreement each Party shall pay the other Party for all Service rendered through and including the date of termination. 
 
 3. CONNECTIONS 
 
 Where applicable, each Party shall be responsible to connect to the other Party s network at one of the other Party s network interconnection locations, and the Parties shall be responsible to procure, at their own expense, the necessary facilities or equipment required to interconnect to such locations. The Parties shall endeavor to provide the Services on the Service Date and they shall be solely responsible to coordinate the provisioning of their respective matching facilities and/or equipment (where applicable) by the Service Date. The Parties shall coordinate the management of their respective network facilities. The Parties also shall interface on a 24 hours/7 days a week basis to assist each other with the isolation and repair of any facility faults in their respective networks. 
 
 4. RATES 
 
 a) During the term of this Agreement, EZM shall charge for the telecommunication Services, and Company shall pay for such telecommunication Services, the amount determined by using the rates set forth in Annex A. 
 
 b) During the term of this Agreement, Company shall charge for the telecommunication Services, and EZM shall pay for such telecommunication Services, the amount determined by using the rates set forth in Annex B . 
 
 c) EZM shall have the right to modify the rates and conditions set forth in Annex A at any time, but shall give the other Party at least seven (7) days prior written notice. 
 
 d) Company shall have the right to modify the rates and conditions set forth in Annex B at any time, but shall give the other Party at least seven (7) days prior written notice. 
 
 5. SECURITY 
 
 As a condition of the Parties obligations hereunder, and to ensure the prompt payment of sums due from Customer, Customer may be requested by the other Party to furnish upon the execution of this Agreement either a cash deposit in an amount satisfactory to the Provider, or an irrevocable and unconditional letter of credit in an amount satisfactory to the Provider. The Provider shall have the right to require Customer to increase the amount or institute a requirement for a cash deposit, letter of credit, or other security whenever it deems such increase to be necessary. Customer shall provide such increased security to the Provider within three (3) days of request. 
 
 Page 3 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

6. PAYMENT TERMS 
 
 Standard Terms: The Parties hereby acknowledge that usage charges for the Services shall be billed monthly, approximately covering thirty-one (31) billing days (the 1 st to the end of month) and that payment for such Services is due and payable without demand in US dollars within thirty (30) days of invoice date (the Due Date ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Parties agree to offset all Usage Charges during each invoicing period. Each billing period will begin 1 st 00:00 GMT and end of month 23:59:59 GMT. Late payments shall be assessed a late charge of 1.5 per month or the maximum amount permitted by law, whichever is less. 
 
 Additional Payments: Each Party may request additional weekly payments. Each Party will pay for all traffic consumed, since the last billing period. Payment requests received prior to 1 pm EST Monday- Friday will be processed for payment the same day. 
 . 
 
 Additional Payments: Each Party may request additional weekly payments. Each Party will pay for all traffic consumed, since the last billing period. Payment requests received prior to 1 pm EST Monday- Friday will be processed for payment the same day. 
 
 For Services provided by EZ Mobile, LLC, Company can wire transfer payments to: Bank 
 
 Name: 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A 
 
 Account Name: 
 EZ Mobile, LLC 
 
 Account #: 
 699313107 
 
 ABA Number: 
 021000021 
 
 Bank Address: 
 2126 White Plains Road Bronx, NY 10462-1404 
 
 Swift Code: 
 Chasus33 

For Services provided by Company; EZ Mobile, LLC can wire transfer payments to: Bank 
 
 Name: 
 JP MORGAN CHASE BANK NA 
 
 Account Name: 
 GBG ADVISORS CORP 
 
 Account Number: 
 589965265 
 
 ABA Number 
 267084131 
 
 Bank Address 
 19495 Biscayne Blvd, AVENTURA, FL 33180 
 
 Swift Code 
 CHASUS33 

7. DISPUTES 
 
 Should either Party dispute any of the charges on the invoice, it shall notify the other Party of the disputed charges not later than thirty (30) days from the date of invoice. Said dispute shall set forth in writing all details concerning the disputed charges. In the event of a dispute; the entire invoice shall be paid in accordance with the payment terms set forth herein. Disputes shall be reviewed and resolved within fifteen (15) days of receipt of written dispute. However, the Provider shall have no obligation to review disputed charges until the disputed invoice is paid in full. In the event such dispute is resolved in favor of Customer, Provider shall provide Customer with a credit against future billing in the amount of the disputed billing. In the event that Customer fails to pay an invoice in full because of a billing dispute, Provider shall have the right, after giving Customer five (5) days prior written notice, to suspend all or any portion of the Services until such time as the dispute is resolved or to require Customer to provide additional security deposit. 
 
 Page 4 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

8. TAXES 
 
 The Parties acknowledge and understand that all charges stated in the attached Annexes are computed exclusive of any applicable use, excise, gross receipts, sales and privilege taxes, duties, fees, or other taxes or similar liabilities (other than general income or property taxes). Such Additional Charges shall be paid by the Customer in addition to all other charges provided herein. 
 
 9. WARRANTY 
 
 The Parties shall use reasonable efforts under the circumstances to maintain overall network quality. The quality of Service provided hereunder shall be consistent with other common carrier industry standards, government regulations and sound business practices. 
 
 THE PARTIES MAKE NO OTHER WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SERVICE PROVIDED HEREUNDER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MARKETABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. 
 
 10. FRAUDULENT CALLS 
 
 a) The Provider shall not be responsible or liable for any interruption, diminution, or failure of service, in whole or in part, and in no event shall the Provider be responsible or liable for any incidental or consequential damages incurred by Customer or any user of Customer s service. 
 
 b) Customer shall indemnify and hold the Provider harmless from and against all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and actions of any kind arising from or related to fraudulent calls of any nature which may comprise a portion of the Service to the extent that the Party claiming the call(s) in question to be fraudulent is (or was at the time of the call) a Customer or end-user of the Service. Customer shall not be excused from paying the Provider for Service provided to Customer, or any portion thereof, on the basis that fraudulent calls comprised a corresponding portion of the Service. 
 
 11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 
 IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HERETO BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF CLIENTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR LOSS OF PROFITS ARISING IN ANY MANNER FROM THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATION HEREUNDER. 
 
 12. FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 No failure or omission by either Party to carry out or observe any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, other than any payment obligation shall give rise to any claim against such Party or be deemed a breach of this Agreement if such failure or omission arises from an act of God, and act or omission of Government, insurrection of civil disorder, war or military operations, national or local emergency, acts or omissions of Government, highway authority or other competent authority, industrial disputes of any kind (whether or not involving the Party s employees), fire, lighting, explosion, flood, subsidence, inclement weather, acts or omissions of persons or bodies for whom the Party is not responsible or any other cause whether similar or dissimilar outside such Party s control. 
 
 Page 5 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

13. PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 Shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate either: 1) two years immediately following the termination of this Agreement, or 2) two years after the termination or expiration of any other Agreement between the Parties, whichever occurs later. Notwithstanding such expiration or termination, confidentiality pursuant to this Agreement shall survive with respect to any Proprietary Information received prior to such expiration or termination for as long as the Proprietary Information remains confidential. 
 
 14. SEVERABILITY 
 
 If any provision, subsection or sentence contained in this Agreement is found to be unenforceable in any respect, such unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such enforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 
 15. NO AGENCY 
 
 Neither Party is authorized to act as an agent for, or legal representative of, the other Party and neither Party shall have the authority to assume or create any obligation on behalf of, in the name of, or binding upon the other Party. Customer shall not represent or intimate that Provider is responsible for the type or quality of Customer s services to a third party customer. 
 
 16. SUSPENSION OF SERVICES 
 
 In the event payment in full is not received from either Party when due, the other Party shall have the right, after giving the defaulting Party one (1) day prior written notice, to suspend all or any portion of the Service to the defaulting Party until such time as such Party has paid in full all charges then due, including any late fees. 
 
 17. BINDING AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement and the Parties described obligations shall be binding on the representatives, assigns and successors of the Parties and shall inure to the benefit of the assigns and the successors of the Parties. 
 
 18. AMENDMENTS 
 
 This Agreement may not be modified, except by a written document signed by authorized officers of the Parties hereto. 
 
 19. NO WAIVER 
 
 The failure to enforce or to require the performance at any time of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of any other provision and shall not affect either the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof or the right of any Party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. 
 
 Page 6 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

20. NOTICES 
 
 All notices, requests or other communications hereunder shall be in writing, addressed to the Parties at the address indicated in this Agreement or as otherwise stated in the relevant Annex hereto in respect of any particular Service. Notices mailed by registered or certified mail shall be deemed to have been received by the addressee on the fifth business day following the mailing or sending thereof. Notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have received when the delivery confirmation is received. Any notices of change of address shall be deemed to have been received only when actually received. 
 
 a) In the case of EZ Mobile, LLC : 

Address: 
 405 RXR Plaza Uniondale, NY 11556 - USA 

Phone: 
 +1-347-706-3001 

Fax: 
 +1-347-535-0329 

Email: 
 legal@ezmobilepcs.com cc: robert@ezmoboilepcs.com 

Attn: 
 Mr. Robert Passantino 

b) In the case of the Company: Spectral Capital Corp. 

Address: 
 4500 9th Avenue NE Seattle, WA 98105 

Phone: 
 206-385-6490 

Fax: 
 Click here to enter text. 

Email: 
 jenifer.osterwalder@spectralcapital.com 

Attn: 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 

21. HEADINGS 
 
 The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 22. CHOICE OF LAW 
 
 This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and governed in accordance with the federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the state of New York, without regards to the choice of law principles thereof. 
 
 Any civil action or other legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any dealings between the Parties officers, directors, employees, or agents on the other hand, whether brought before or after any termination of this Agreement, shall be brought and heard only in a state or federal court located in New York City, New York and the Parties hereto expressly waive any rights under any law or rule to cause any such proceeding to be brought and heard in any other location. The Parties consent to jurisdiction in any state or federal court located in New York City, New York in any civil action or other legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 
 
 Page 7 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 
 Company: Click here to enter text. 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Robert Passantino 
 
 Name: 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 

Title: 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 Title: 
 President 

Address: 
 405 RXR Plaza Uniondale, NY 11556 
 
 Address: 
 4500 9th Avenue NE Seattle, WA 98105 
 
 Phone: 
 +1-347-706-3001 x 403 
 
 Phone: 
 206-385-6490 

Fax: 
 +1-347-535-0329 
 
 Fax: 
 Click here to enter text. 

Page 8 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

Schedule of Annexes 
 
 A. EZM Services and Pricing 
 
 B. Company Services and Pricing 
 
 C. Technical Contact Information 
 
 D. Billing Information 
 
 Page 9 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

Annex A 
 
 EZ Mobile, LLC Tariffs 

EZM tariffs shall consist of the following: 

Billing 
 Billing shall be made at the Established Rate, All domestic (that is, U.S. terminating and U.S. originating) calls will be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded up to the forth decimal place. All internationally terminating calls (other than calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti, Niue Island and Gambia) will be rated in one (1) second increments with a one (1) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded to the fourth decimal place. Calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti and Niue Island will be rated in sixty (60) second increments. Calls to Gambia will be rated with a sixty (60) second per call minimum and in one (1) second increments thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, calls to destinations outside of the 50 U.S. states but that are within the North American Numbering Plan shall be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum. References to all times or dates, under this agreement billing and invoicing are to the time and date according to the Co-ordinated Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). 

Destination 
 Country Code/City Code 
 Rate 
 Effective Date 

Rate Notices 

Rate Administrator 
 
 Name: 
 Rates Administration 
 
 Fax: 
 +1-347-706-3001 x 409 
 
 Email: 
 rates@ezmobilepcs.com 

Page 10 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

Annex B 
 
 Company Tariffs 

Company tariffs shall consist of the following: 
 
 Billing 
 Billing shall be made at the Established Rate, All domestic (that is, U.S. terminating and U.S. originating) calls will be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded up to the forth decimal place. All internationally terminating calls (other than calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti, Niue Island and Gambia) will be rated in one (1) second increments with a one (1) second per call minimum, with the call duration rounded to the fourth decimal place. Calls to Mexico, Tonga, Vanuatu, Western Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Nauru, Suriname, Kiribati, Haiti and Niue Island will be rated in sixty (60) second increments. Calls to Gambia will be rated with a sixty (60) second per call minimum and in one (1) second increments thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, calls to destinations outside of the 50 U.S. states but that are within the North American Numbering Plan shall be rated in six (6) second increments with a six (6) second per call minimum. References to all times or dates, under this agreement billing and invoicing are to the time and date according to the Co-ordinated Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). 

Destination 
 Country Code/City Code 
 Rate 
 Effective Date 

Rate Notices 

Rate Administrator 
 
 Name: 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 Phone: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Fax: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Email: 
 Jenifer.osterwalder@spectralcapital.com 

Page 11 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

Annex C 

Technical Contact Information 

EZ Mobile, LLC: 

Switch Engineer 
 NOC 
 Provisioning 
 
 Name: 
 Ravi Shah 
 NOC Engineer 
 NOC Engineer 
 
 Email: 
 ravi.shah@ezmobilepcs.com 
 noc@ezmobilepcs.com 
 noc@ezmobilepcs.com 

Company: 

Switch Engineer 
 NOC 
 Provisioning 
 
 Name: 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 Email: 
 Jenifer.osterwalder@spectral 
 capital.com 
 Jenifer.osterwalder@spectral 
 capital.com 
 Jenifer.osterwalder@spectra 
 lcapital.com 

Page 12 

EZ Mobile, LLC 
 Reciprocal CSA 
 Confidentia l 

Annex D 

Billing Information 

EZM: 

Billing Contact 
 
 Name: 
 Zain Ul Eman 
 
 Phone: 
 +1-347-706-3001 x 402 
 
 Fax: 
 +1-347-535-0329 
 
 Email: 
 invoices@ezmobilepcs.com 

Company: 

Billing Contact 
 
 Name: 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 Phone: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Fax: 
 Click here to enter text. 
 
 Email: 
 Jenifer.osterwalder@spectralcapit al.com 

Page 13 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fccn_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jenifer Osterwalder certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Spectral Capital Corporation; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 Date: March 27, 2023 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fccn_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Stephen Spalding, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Spectral Capital Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Stephen Spalding 
 
 Date: March 27, 2023 
 Stephen Spalding 
 Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fccn_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Spectral Capital Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jenifer Osterwalder, in my capacity as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jenifer Osterwalder 
 
 Date: March 27, 2023 
 Jenifer Osterwalder 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 fccn_ex32z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Spectral Capital Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen Spalding , in my capacity as Chief Financial Officer and Accounting Officer of the Compan y, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Stephen Spalding 
 
 Date: March 27, 2023 
 Stephen Spalding 
 Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fccn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fccn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fccn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fccn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 fccn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

