<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1837014_0000950170-23-006749.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19502771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>575285</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2303486</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9538275</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2593943</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4044295</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006749.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308171608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006749
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SmartRent, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001837014
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39991
		FILM NUMBER:		23717065

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18835 N. THOMPSON PEAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844.479.1555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18835 N. THOMPSON PEAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201217

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006749.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 smrt-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the year ended , 
 or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter w as million based on the closing price of the registrant's Class A Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on that date. 
 
 As of March 6, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock outstanding, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 

Item 2. Properties 
 30 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

PART II 
 
 30 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 32 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 85 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 85 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 86 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 86 

PART III 
 86 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 86 

I tem 11. Executive Compensation 
 86 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 86 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 86 

PART IV 
 86 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 86 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 88 

Signatures 
 89 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). All statements contained in this Report, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, products, services, and technology offerings, market conditions, growth and trends, and expansion plans and opportunities. The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, could, would, project, plan, potentially, preliminary, likely and similar expressions, and the negatives of these expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations and business strategy. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report. 
 
 Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements include, among other things, our ability to: 
 accelerate adoption of our products and services; 

anticipate the uncertainties inherent in the development of new business lines and business strategies; 

manage risks associated with our third-party suppliers and manufacturers and partners for our products; 

produce or obtain quality products and services on a timely basis or in sufficient quantity; 

develop, design, manufacture, and sell products and services that are differentiated from those of competitors; 

realize the benefits expected from our acquisitions; 

acquire or make investments in other businesses, patents, technologies, products or services to grow the business; 

successfully pursue, defend, resolve or anticipate the outcome of pending or future litigation matters; 

attract, train, and retain effective officers, key employees and directors; 

comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business, including privacy regulations; 

anticipate the significance and timing of contractual obligations; and 

maintain key strategic relationships with partners and distributors. 

Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Report or to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 
 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms SmartRent, the Company, we, us, and our as used in this Report refer to SmartRent, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 1 

PART I 
 Item 1: Business 
 Our Company 
 We are an enterprise real estate technology company that provides a comprehensive management platform designed for property owners, managers and residents. Our suite of products and services, which includes both smart building hardware and cloud-based software-as-a-service SaaS solutions, provides seamless visibility and control over real estate assets. Our platform lowers operating costs, increases revenues, mitigates operational friction and protects assets for owners and operators, while providing a differentiated, elevated living experience for residents. 
 Through a central connected device Hub Device ), we integrate our proprietary enterprise software with third-party smart devices and other technology interfaces. We use an open-architecture, brand-agnostic approach that allows owners, operators, and residents to manage their smart home systems through a single connected interface. Our solutions include smart apartments and homes, access control for buildings, common areas, and rental units, asset protection and monitoring, parking management, self-guided tours, and community and resident Wi-Fi. We also have a professional services team that provides customers with training, installation, and support services. 
 We have designed our smart home operating platform to make the residential real estate industry more efficient and effective. Importantly, our enterprise software integrates into most existing property management systems used by residential property owners and operators. We believe that our customers realize several benefits from implementing our solutions, including: 
 Operating Efficiency. We estimate that our customers can recognize cost savings on utilities through the utilization of our solutions, including our connected smart thermostats, smart lights, and leak sensors, as well as through more efficient management of vacant rental units. 
 Incremental Revenue Generation. We estimate that multifamily rental owners may be able to increase rental rates (depending on the rental market and solutions offered) due to the differentiated resident experience and strong demand for smart communities. Additionally, we believe our solutions can increase resident retention, accelerate leasing and re-leasing activities, and provide ancillary monetization opportunities. 
 Cost Reduction. We estimate that owners and operators can decrease their leasing and re-leasing costs by streamlining the processes associated with touring, resident onboarding and offboarding, and customer servicing. For example, our self-guided-tour solution allows prospective residents to tour a property 24 hours a day, seven days a week, without assistance from property management staff. In addition, we expect our solutions will help to eliminate or reduce rekeying and lockout expenses and other property management redundancies. 
 Asset Protection. We estimate that customers utilizing our asset protection solutions, including our connected leak sensors and thermostats, may be able to realize a decrease of approximately 70 to 90 in water damage expenses and lower insurance costs. 
 We believe SmartRent is the category leader in the enterprise smart home solutions industry. We define Units Deployed as the aggregate number of Hub Devices that have been installed (including customer self-installations) as of a stated measurement date. We define Committed Units as the aggregate number of Hub Device (i) units that are subject to binding orders from customers together with (ii) units that existing customers who are parties to a SmartRent master services agreement have informed us (on a non-binding basis) that they intend to order in the future for deployment within two years of the measurement date. As of December 31, 2022, we had 547,196 Units Deployed, 851,815 Committed Units, and 501 customers, including many of the top multifamily residential owners in the United States (the U.S. ). Our customers own or operate an aggregate of approximately 6.7 million units. This represents approximately 15 of the U.S. market for institutionally owned multifamily rental units and single-family rental homes. In addition to multifamily residential owners, our customers include some of the leading homebuilders, single-family rental homeowners, and iBuyers in the U.S. 
 Our Industry, Competition and Market Opportunity 
 Increasing Demand for Smart Home Technology 
 We believe that network effects are driving demand for smart home technology and increasing the penetration of smart home technology in both the multifamily residential and single-family rental home sectors. Many residents now view smart home technology as a necessity, although relatively few communities currently offer it to residents. Entrata, a developer of property management software, estimates that more than 75 of residents would pay more for an apartment equipped with smart home technology, and Schlage, a smart lock provider, estimates millennials would be willing to pay 20 more on average per month for rental units equipped with smart home technology. We expect this dynamic will drive demand for smart home technology as additional owners and operators evolve to meet this growing demand for integrated smart home solutions. 
 1 

Fragmented Technology Offerings 
 While demand for smart home technology has increased, the residential technology market remains fragmented, with offerings generally consisting of isolated point solutions and closed-architecture devices that do not integrate with one another. To assemble a complete building solution, owners and operators often need to source smart home technology from multiple vendors and point solution providers and patch their products together to create a modern building experience. Under this fragmented structure, the process to evaluate, procure, install, and service smart home technology can be expensive and time-consuming for owners and operators. With our holistic smart home operating system and in-house installation, training, and support services, we believe we offer a smart home solution that provides a full-service, end-to-end experience. 
 Competitive Market 
 Given the emerging nature of smart home technology in residential real estate, the industry is highly fragmented and there are a number of companies developing solutions that may be similar to parts of our smart home operating system. We believe our primary competitors are other software companies, which have historically provided singular, point solutions to new development properties and used third-party installation services, and hardware companies, many of which have closed architectures. We believe these companies fail to provide a comprehensive solution that meets the enterprise management and security requirements of owners, operators, and residents. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for smart home technology in the residential real estate industry continues to mature. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe we have developed the most scalable and operator-friendly smart home operating system in the industry based on our platform s unique combination of attributes: 
 Integrated Solution. We offer a holistic integrated solution that includes enterprise software, hardware, and resident applications. 
 Hardware Agnostic. O ur solutions are compatible with a wide variety of other smart devices including, among others, Google Home, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, Honeywell thermostats, and Yale smart locks. 
 Open Architecture. We have an open architecture that can integrate with many property management systems, including, among others, Yardi, Entrata, RealPage, and Engrain. 
 Professional Services. We provide in-house professional services with employees in our implementation, installation, support, and warehouse departments, which allows us to maintain consistent quality and service across markets. 
 While several of the top multifamily residential owners are current SmartRent customers, we believe that we have only begun to take advantage of the full market opportunity in residential and commercial real estate sectors and in domestic and international markets. For example, we have adapted our software and applications to target opportunities in other residential real estate sectors, including single-family rental homes, student housing, senior housing, and new construction homes. In addition, we believe there is significant potential for growth beyond residential real estate to other commercial real estate asset classes, including, among others, office, hotels, retail, industrial, and self-storage. Furthermore, we believe there is an attractive opportunity to expand our smart home solutions into other markets globally. 
 
 SaaS Model 
 We enter into binding, recurring revenue contracts with customers typically ranging from one month to ten years; our average recurring revenue contract term is 2.6 years. In 2022, approximately 38 of our customers prepaid their software contracts. We believe that our customer base is inherently sticky given the barriers to entry associated with rolling out an integrated enterprise solution across a portfolio of rental units. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business and related operating results have been, and we believe that they will continue to be, impacted by seasonal factors throughout the year. We typically experience greater demand for deployments in the Spring and Summer, and lower demand in late Fall and Winter. 
 
 SmartRent Solutions and Products 
 A SmartRent connected community is a curb to couch concept where an entire property utilizes a variety of proprietary and third-party smart devices and features that can be remotely managed to provide efficiency, automation, asset protection, and ancillary revenue opportunities. 
 2 

SmartRent Solutions 
 Our fully integrated, hardware-agnostic solutions include the following: 
 SmartRent Manager . SmartRent Manager is a proprietary, web-based software that owners and operators use to administer and configure community settings related to SmartRent solutions. SmartRent Manager software integrates with many popular property management, customer relationship management, and other third-party software products, which enables owners and operators to manage all resident, prospect, access, and other actionable data from one platform. When a resident moves out, the automated move-out feature immediately locks the apartment door, resets interior thermostats to the Vacant Mode temperature, and revokes resident access to their unit, common areas, and the SmartRent app all with the click of a button. Communities can create Vacant Mode automations to increase efficiencies, such as work orders for unit turns and activating energy-saving mode. SmartRent Manager Mobile, a native mobile application, allows owners and operators to remotely manage work orders and control access, including resident move-ins and outs. 
 Access Control. Access Control is a community-wide, cloud-based access control system that protects building entry, common areas, and amenity spaces for multifamily residential properties through the use of control panels, smart access locks, and intercoms. Deeply integrated with major property management systems and SmartRent s extensive product suite, Access Control automates labor-intensive manual processes to enhance operational efficiencies of common area access and community security. This solution allows residents to create temporary access codes for deliveries, services, or guest access while also offering remote access for residents and site teams at various entry points (e.g., amenity doors, gates, pools, and elevators) without the need for fobs or separate keys. The system features monitoring systems for visitor logs and real-time door lock activity alerts. Access Control can be implemented in new construction or retrofitted in existing properties. 
 Asset Protection. Asset Protection solutions help ensure the longevity of communities by reducing the risk of damage through high-precision leak sensors and smart thermostats. Community Manager software and integrated flood, temperature, and humidity sensors can be configured to notify owners and operators at the first sign of an issue, automatically generate a work order into the property management system, and dispatch a technician to solve the issue, allowing management to act quickly and avoid damages and costly repairs. Flood sensors can be placed under or near any appliance that may be susceptible to water damage, such as sump pumps, toilets, washing machines, dishwashers, water heaters, and sinks. Asset Protection solutions provide owners and operators the ability to detect abnormal humidity levels and extreme temperature changes, which help protect floors from warping and prevent mold from forming. 
 Self-Guided Tours. Self-Guided Tours is a white-labeled, stand-alone solution that allows prospective renters and buyers to search available rental units, homes, or model inventory, and tour at a time most convenient for them without the need for site teams or management to be present. With no app download required, prospects can search for their next home through a web-based platform, which is accessible through a web browser on a mobile device or computer. Self-Guided Tours include various features to ensure each self-guided tour is safe, productive, and convenient, including ID Verification for each prospective renter/buyer and an Interactive Site Map to help prospects navigate to tourable homes. The technology enables owners and operators to expand showing hours outside of traditional hours, permit showings promptly upon request through our Tour Now functionality, and conduct multiple tours at the same time without hiring additional staff. Self-Guided Tours integrates with many popular property management and customer relationship management systems, and other third-party software products, which enables owners and operators to manage all prospect and other actionable data from one platform. 
 Community WiFi. Community WiFi provides communities with a private, device-dedicated WiFi network to power Hub Devices and other in-home smart devices. While Hub Devices have built-in cellular connectivity, in markets where cell coverage is not available or poor, communities can add Community WiFi to help maintain a consistent connection. With a Community WiFi system, owners, operators, and residents will have access to a dedicated and secure network, as well as a private connection that provides a stronger and more reliable signal for Hub Devices and other devices. We are able to install our Community WiFi system in any property type, including new construction or retrofitting existing structures, and perform site surveys to customize the equipment best suited to each property. 
 Resident App. Resident App is designed to put comfort, control, and convenience in residents hands by giving them the ability to control their smart devices via a mobile application. With just a tap, residents can lock and unlock their front door, adjust the thermostat to their liking, and automate daily tasks through Schedules and Automations. Residents can also create service requests within the app, which automatically generates a work order within the client s integrated property management system, allowing maintenance to fix the issue quickly. Residents can control who enters their home by creating and sharing access codes with visitors. Powered by the Resident App, the best-in-class smart home experience streamlines daily interactions with staff and delivers the modern living experience residents expect. 
 3 

Parking Management. Parking Management is a smart parking system designed to alleviate the resident and guest parking issues faced by multifamily residential properties. This solution provides an integrated software system and single-source database that allows owners and operators to assign and re-assign parking spaces, review interactive maps for live parking space availability (based on parking sensors for real-time occupancy), implement a proactive enforcement process, monitor parking management with resident parking decals, and install custom parking signs to monetize guest parking. Through a Parking Management portal, residents can add or remove vehicles, edit vehicle details, review assigned parking decals, and provide guests with parking access. Parking Management integrates with many popular property management systems, which enables owners and operators to manage all parking-related actions from one platform. Parking Management is available to communities as a stand-alone product or as part of our fully integrated smart home operating system. 
 Work Management. Work Management is a solution that enables on-site teams to manage tasks, respond quickly to inquiries, and engage in preventative maintenance all from a mobile device. Through work order and service request automations, the platform provides a simplified overview of on-site tasks and allows for easy scheduling of team members. In addition, the application offers a mobile interface, allowing owners and operators to accomplish more on the go with access to the application available both online and offline. Work Management provides real-time tracking of assets, enabling owners to effectively manage the state of their assets and make informed decisions by giving on-site teams an easy way to scan assets and make updates from anywhere in the community. Advanced reporting capabilities allow for filtering and easy exporting of data into third-party tools for deeper analysis. The application integrates seamlessly with major property management systems to provide an up-to-date and personalized experience. 
 Answer Automation. Answer Automation is a personalized call automation platform that reduces costs and improves on-site team efficiency through the automation of leasing and resident call handling. The platform automatically routes calls to the right team members with up to ten levels of escalation based on a predetermined set of business rules. Answer Automation s integrations with major property management systems enable our platform to immediately recognize resident calls via Caller ID so site teams can deliver a personalized experience. In addition, Call Masking, which masks the team member s phone number so that it appears to the call recipient as the community s phone number, allows team members to easily communicate with residents and prospective residents without exposing their personal information. Advanced reporting capabilities help site teams make informed decisions and bring attention to the most frequent call areas. 
 Audit Management. Audit Management allows for the quick and reliable determination of a community s financial accuracy through a consolidated review of the rent roll, deposits, resident lease files, and more. The platform captures community demographics to minimize risks and evaluate whether residents can meet pro forma rents and satisfy lender requirements by comparing the current rent roll to resident lease files. Users can build and edit templates on the fly to include custom forms and fields, streamlining the audit process and increasing efficiency for teams. Real-time variance tracking and reporting helps teams easily identify and correct common data entry errors, as well as analyze and share results. With an intuitive design and customization options, Audit Management replaces outdated, manual processes with a modern, user-friendly platform. 
 
 Inspection Management. Inspection Management automates the property inspection process so that teams can quickly access property and unit conditions, plan for capital improvement expenses, and monitor the performance of a portfolio. The mobile platform is available on iOS and Android and is accessible both online and offline. Inspection Management streamlines inspections with customizable fields and forms and simplifies documentation with team coordination, allowing for easy scheduling and assigning of tasks to team members, vendors, and contractors. The application enables teams to build accurate budgets with real-time cost-tracking capabilities based on pre-established standard costs. Insightful reporting provides data using customized filters, allowing teams to easily analyze, export, and share findings to make informed decisions. 
 
 SmartRent Hardware 
 We offer a variety of in-rental unit devices that elevate the resident experience and provide multiple benefits to owners and operators. A typical SmartRent rental unit or single-family rental home is equipped with a Hub Device, smart locks, thermostat, and leak sensors. In addition, several other devices can be integrated into our smart home operating system, including smart plugs and lighting (including light bulbs, switches, and dimmers), shades, garage door controllers, video doorbells, peephole cameras, video intercoms, contact and motion sensors, and voice assistants. With our smart home operating system, residents can remotely control and manage their smart home devices and home settings through a single application. In addition, because our software is hardware agnostic, customers can choose from a wide variety of device manufacturers and use their favorite devices together in one fully integrated smart home operating system. 
 The Hub Devices are a vital aspect of our smart home operating system that elevates the living experience for residents. Our Hub Devices use reliable and secure Z-Wave communication for remote control of connected devices and allow users to remotely manage multiple device settings from one application. Certain Hub Devices combine a thermostat and touchscreen panel that allows users to control all of their devices from one location. Using the touchscreen device, users can, among other things, review settings, change the temperature, and lock or unlock doors. In addition, users can download the companion mobile application to remotely control their devices, such as manage their home temperature and grant access for guests and deliveries. 
 4 

We also partner with several manufacturers to offer a range of compatible hardware options for any property, including: 
 Video Doorbells. We partner with Ring to offer a selection of compatible video-enabled doorbells. Our integration with Ring allows users to add devices to their SmartRent application for a more robust control system, including live view and notifications. 
 Indoor and Outdoor Cameras. We also partner with Ring to offer a selection of indoor and outdoor cameras that can be added to any property. With battery-operated and plug-in options available, customers have flexibility to select the cameras that are appropriate for each property. 
 Smart Locks and Lock Boxes. Our selection of Z-Wave or Bluetooth-enabled smart locks and lock boxes offer customers options for keyless entry and simplified guest access. With various keyless entry options, including deadbolts, interconnected locks, lever locks, and patio locks, these products can be customized to meet each property s needs. 
 Smart Thermostats, Sensors, Plugs, Switches, Dimmers, and Readers. We offer (i) thermostats for all types of HVAC systems with programmable options, including forced air, radiant and heat pump, (ii) leak, parking, contact and motion sensors used to proactively monitor and protect properties, (iii) smart plugs to add automation to lights, fans, or other small appliances, (iv) smart switches and dimmers to upgrade lighting in apartments and homes, and (v) a selection of readers, panels, and boards, including as part of our Alloy Access solution. 
 Environmental and Sustainability Benefits 
 We are facilitating a more sustainable future by helping owners, operators, and residents reduce energy consumption, meet de-carbonization goals and achieve sustainability objectives. Our solutions are designed to reduce overall energy consumption by setting limitations on vacant units, controlling ventilation, and providing automated work orders based on temperature and humidity thresholds. We estimate that our solutions could reduce total U.S. energy consumption by up to 4 , if all rental units in the U.S. were fully equipped with our solutions. Our platform drives these benefits through a variety of connected devices, including smart thermostats, leak sensors, smart appliances and smart lighting. We also reduce waste through predictive maintenance tools and building software integrations. In this way, our solutions are a key tool in reducing water usage and energy consumption across entire portfolios of real estate assets. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our employees are critical to our success. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 701 total employees worldwide, all of which are full-time employees. We also engage consultants and contractors to supplement our permanent workforce. A majority of our employees are engaged in engineering, software and product development, sales, and related functions. As of December 31, 2022, we have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relationship with our employees to be in good standing. None of our domestic or international employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. 
 We seek to foster a welcoming, inclusive work environment where employees can be themselves and do meaningful work that positively impacts our customers and communities. Our culture is supportive, engaging, and fast paced and facilitates partnerships among coworkers with diverse backgrounds and experiences. Our employees have opportunities to get involved in resource groups (e.g., Women s Empowerment and PRISM) and give back to the community. We engage with our employees to gather insight, feedback, and data about their workplace experiences, and manager effectiveness. This data informs and supports our action plans, with the goal of enhancing workplace satisfaction and overall employee well-being and effectiveness. 
 We attract and retain talent through our employer brand initiatives, employee referral programs, and partnerships with outside agencies that focus on presenting diverse candidates and through internal career growth. Employee growth and development comes from receiving real-time, informal feedback, a formal performance review, career path transparency, and ongoing role-specific training. 
 The structure of our compensation programs endeavors to give employees peace of mind when it comes to health and financial benefits so that they can focus on doing their best work. Our total rewards program enables us to retain talent, reward high-performing employees at all levels and incentivize and motivate exceptional performance. In addition to competitive base pay, we have an annual bonus program for employees at all levels and a comprehensive variable compensation program specific to our revenue organization. Both the bonus and variable compensation plans are tied directly to individual and company performance. We also provide 100 employer paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and their dependents, life insurance, flexible time off, paid parental leave, and a 401(k) plan with a company match. 
 5 

Research and Development 
 Our near-term product roadmap includes new leasing solutions (including an online application for the leasing process and other applications for lease signing and customer relationship management), resident experience solutions (including applications for marketplaces, amenity reservations, rent payments, and work orders), home IoT solutions (including hubless systems, smart appliances, and video and security systems), and building IoT solutions (including energy, water, and air metering). We also engage in ongoing activities in connection with enhancement of existing products, integration with new third-party products and services, and the development of internal applications to improve efficiency of our operations. 
 
 Supply Chain 
 
 Generally, our hardware device suppliers maintain a stock of devices and key components to cover any minor supply chain disruptions. Where possible we utilize multiple sourcing methods to mitigate the risk of disruption from a single supplier. However, we also rely on a number of single source and limited source suppliers for components of our solution. Replacing any single source or limited source suppliers could require the expenditure of significant resources and time to source these products. In order to mitigate the potential impact of supply chain disruptions, we have engaged in carrying increased quantities of inventory in our warehouse and invested in building a more robust team of supply chain personnel to manage the procurement, warehousing and distribution of inventory. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We regard our intellectual property rights as critical to our success generally, with our trademarks, service marks, and domain names being especially critical to the continued development and awareness of our brands and marketing efforts. We protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademarks, trade dress, domain name registrations, and trade secrets, as well as through contractual restrictions and reliance on federal, state, and common law. We enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with employees, consultants, contractors, and business partners, which include invention assignment provisions for our employees and contractors. We have several registered trademarks in the U.S., as well as other trademarks globally. We have also registered a variety of domestic and international domain names, the most significant of which relate to our SmartRent brand. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We and our partners are subject to various federal, state, and local regulations related to access control products, such as state and local building and fire codes, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and requirements for certifications by Underwriters Laboratories, a global independent safety science company, and the Federal Communications Commission. 
 
 We, our customers, and our partners may be subject to numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, data privacy and security laws, and consumer protection laws and regulations (including Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914 (the FTC Act that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information). Privacy and security laws, self-regulatory schemes, regulations, standards, and other obligations are constantly evolving, and may conflict with each other, which complicates compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. For example, California has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA that became effective on January 1, 2020. The CCPA creates, among other things, new data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides new privacy rights to California residents, including the right to access and delete personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how personal information is used. The CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which was recently voted into law by California residents, imposes additional data protection obligations on covered companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. The CPRA also creates a new California data protection agency specifically tasked to enforce the law, which would likely result in increased regulatory scrutiny of California businesses in the areas of data protection and security. The substantive requirements for businesses subject to the CPRA went into effect on January 1, 2023 and become enforceable on July 1, 2023. Further, according to the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5 of the FTC Act. The FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Other regulations that may apply to us, for example, depending upon the circumstances, include the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the European Union, Canada s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and the Tenant Data Privacy Act (TPDA) in New York. 
 
 6 

Corporate History 
 
 We were originally incorporated in Delaware on November 23, 2020 as Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. I FWAA ), a special purpose acquisition company, formed to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. On February 9, 2021, FWAA consummated its initial public offering (the IPO ), following which its shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). 
 
 On August 24, 2021, we consummated the Business Combination (as defined below) contemplated by the Merger Agreement dated April 21, 2021 (as amended, the Merger Agreement ), among FWAA, Einstein Merger Corp. I, a wholly owned subsidiary of FWAA Merger Sub ), and SmartRent.com, Inc. Legacy SmartRent ). Upon the closing of the Business Combination, Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy SmartRent, with Legacy SmartRent continuing as the surviving company. Business Combination refers to these mergers, together with the other related transactions. 
 
 At the closing of the Business Combination, Legacy SmartRent changed its name to SmartRent Technologies, Inc. and FWAA changed its name to SmartRent, Inc. Additionally, we changed our trading symbol and listing on a securities exchange from FWAA on Nasdaq to SMRT on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). 
 
 SmartRent, the SmartRent logo and other trade names, trademarks or service marks of SmartRent appearing in this Report are the property of SmartRent. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this Report are the property of their respective holders. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.smartrent.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities Exchange Commission SEC ). We may announce material business and financial information using our investor relations website (investors.smartrent.com), SEC filings, webcasts, press releases, and conference calls. We use these channels to communicate with investors and the general public about our business, products and services and other important developments. We encourage you to regularly review these communication channels, including our investor relations website. 
 The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 Information contained on or accessible through the websites listed above is not incorporated by reference nor otherwise included in this report, and any references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 7 

Item 1A: Risk Factors 
 Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being harmed in these risk factors will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects. In that event, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our Class A Common Stock speculative or risky: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We are an early-stage company with a history of losses, have not been profitable historically and may not achieve profitability in the future. 
 
 Any delay, disruption or quality control problems experienced by our third-party suppliers, manufacturers, and partners, could cause us to lose market share and our results of operations may suffer. 
 
 We rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers for our products, and a loss of any one of them could negatively affect our business. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully manage any of our recent or future acquisitions and integrations of businesses, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Any future outbreaks of the COVID-19 pandemic, resurgences or the development of additional variants, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 
 We are subject to legal obligations and laws and regulations related to security and privacy, and any actual or perceived failure to meet those obligations could harm our business. 
 
 If there is any breach of security controls; unauthorized or inadvertent access to customer, residential, or other data; or unauthorized control or view of systems, our products and solutions may be perceived as insecure, our business may be harmed, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 
 Design and manufacturing defects in our products and services could subject us to personal injury, property damage, product liability, warranty, and other claims, which could adversely affect our business and result in harm to our reputation. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 If securities analysts issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our Class A Common Stock, the price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. 
 
 Our management has limited experience operating a public company. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We are an early-stage company with a history of losses. We have not been profitable historically and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 
 We experienced net losses in each year since inception, including a net loss of 72.0 million for 2021 and 96.3 million for 2022. We believe we will continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flow in the near-term as we continue to invest significantly in our business. We expect to continue to devote significant resources into our future growth, including making meaningful investments in our customer acquisition teams, building out our technological capabilities, expanding internationally, and exploring strategic acquisition opportunities. In addition, as a public company, we will incur significant accounting, legal, and other expenses. 
 
 8 

We expect to continue to incur losses and will have to generate and sustain increased revenues to achieve future profitability. Achieving profitability will require us to increase revenues, manage our cost structure, and avoid significant liabilities. Revenue growth may slow, revenues may decline, or we may incur significant losses in the future for a number of possible reasons, including general macroeconomic conditions, increasing competition (including competitive pricing pressures), a decrease in the growth of the markets in which we compete, our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and quality problems, and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If these losses exceed our expectations or our revenue growth expectations are not met in future periods, our financial performance will be harmed and our stock price could decline. 
 
 Our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate from period to period. 
 
 Our operating results and financial condition fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and are likely to continue to vary due to a number of factors, many of which will not be within our control. Both our business and the smart building technology industry are evolving rapidly, and our historical operating results may not be useful in predicting our future operating results. If our operating results do not meet the guidance that we provide to the market or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price will likely decline. Fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition may arise due to a number of factors, including: 
 
 the proportion of our revenue attributable to SaaS, versus hardware and other revenues; 
 
 fluctuations in demand for our platform and solutions; 
 
 changes in our business and pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 
 the ability of our hardware vendors to continue to manufacture high-quality products and to supply sufficient products to meet our demands; 
 
 the timing and success of introductions of new solutions, products or upgrades by us or our competitors; 
 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses, the costs of the hardware we purchase, the cost of the labor required to provide our professional services and the costs required to provide hosted services; 
 
 the condition of regional, national and global economies; 
 
 the ability to accurately forecast revenue; 
 
 competition, including entry into the industry by new competitors and new offerings by existing competitors; 
 
 our ability to successfully manage any future acquisitions and integrations of businesses; 
 
 issues related to introductions of new or improved products, such as shortages of prior generation products or short-term decreased demand for next generation products; 
 
 the amount and timing of expenditures, including those related to expanding our operations, increasing research and development, introducing new solutions or paying litigation expenses; 
 
 the ability to effectively manage growth within existing and new markets domestically and internationally; 
 
 changes in the payment terms for our platform and solutions; and 
 
 the impact of other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, pandemics, war, acts of terrorism or responses to these events. 
 
 Due to the foregoing factors, and the other risks discussed in this prospectus, you should not rely on quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year comparisons of our operating results as an indicator of our future performance. 
 
 9 

We have limited control over our suppliers, manufacturers, and partners, which may subject us to significant risks, including the potential inability to produce or obtain quality products and services on a timely basis or in sufficient quantity. If these third-party suppliers, manufacturers, and partners experience any delay, disruption or quality control problems in their operations, we could lose market share and our results of operations may suffer. 
 
 We have limited control over our suppliers, manufacturers, and partners. In addition, these suppliers, manufacturers, and partners may experience delay, disruption, or lapse in the quality of their operations, including due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which would subject us to risks, including the following: 
 
 inability to satisfy demand for our products; 
 
 reduced control over delivery timing and product reliability; 
 
 reduced ability to monitor the manufacturing process and components used in our products; 
 
 limited ability to develop comprehensive manufacturing specifications that take into account any materials or components shortages or substitutions; 
 
 variance in the manufacturing capability of our third-party manufacturers; 
 
 price increases; 
 
 failure of a significant supplier, manufacturer, or partner to perform its obligations to us for technical, market, or other reasons; 
 
 insolvency, bankruptcy or liquidation of a significant supplier, manufacturer, or partner; 
 
 difficulties in establishing additional supplier, manufacturer, or partner relationships if we experience difficulties with our existing suppliers, manufacturers, or partners; 
 
 shortages of materials or components; 
 
 disagreements with suppliers, manufacturers, or logistics partners as to quality control, leading to a surplus of ineffective products; 
 
 misappropriation of our intellectual property; 
 
 exposure to natural catastrophes, political unrest, terrorism, labor disputes, and economic instability resulting in the disruption of trade from foreign countries in which our products are manufactured or the components thereof are sourced; 
 
 changes in local economic conditions in the jurisdictions where our suppliers, manufacturers, and partners are located; 
 
 the imposition of new laws and regulations, including those relating to labor conditions, quality and safety standards, imports, duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges on imports, as well as trade restrictions and restrictions on currency exchange or the transfer of funds; and 
 
 insufficient warranties and indemnities on components supplied to our manufacturers or performance by our partners. 
 
 The occurrence of any of these risks, especially during periods of peak demand, could cause us to experience a significant disruption in our ability to produce and deliver our products to our customers. For example, there is currently a global semiconductor supply shortage, though it began easing in the fourth quarter of 2022. The semiconductor supply chain is complex, with capacity constraints occurring throughout. We must compete with other industries to satisfy current and near-term requirements for semiconductors, and those allocations are not within our control even though we attempt various mitigating actions. An ongoing shortage of semiconductors or other key components can disrupt our production schedule and have an adverse effect on our business, profitability and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in trade policies, additional tariffs, or labor shortages could make delivery of supplies more expensive and time consuming, leading to increased expenses and delays in shipments. These potential delays and cost increases could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operations results. 
 
 10 

We depend on third-party suppliers and manufacturers and partners for our products. A loss of any of our suppliers, manufacturers, and partners could negatively affect our business. 
 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers to manufacture and transport our products, including in some cases only a single supplier for some of our products and components. Our reliance on a limited number of manufacturers for our products increases our risks, since we do not currently have alternative or replacement manufacturers beyond these key parties. In the event of interruption from any of our manufacturers, we may not be able to increase capacity from other sources or develop alternate or secondary sources without incurring material additional costs and substantial delays. Furthermore, many of these manufacturers primary facilities are located in Europe or Asia. Thus, our business could be adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is impacted by a natural disaster or other interruption at a particular location. 
 
 In particular, we rely on an exclusive manufacturer of Z-wave chips, which facilitate the Z-wave communication protocol used for communication between our Hub Devices and all other smart devices. The replacement of the Z-wave communication protocol would require the replacement or modification of all of our devices, resulting in production and deployment delays, thus negatively impacting our business. We also rely exclusively on a single source to supply the main central processing unit used in our Hub Devices. A change in the central processing unit would necessitate an extensive printed circuit board redesign, also resulting in production and deployment delays. 
 
 If we experience a significant increase in demand for our products, or if we need to replace an existing supplier or partner, we may be unable to supplement or replace them on terms that are acceptable to us, which may undermine our ability to deliver our products to customers in a timely manner. For example, it may take a significant amount of time to identify a manufacturer that has the capability and resources to build our products to our specifications in sufficient volume. Identifying suitable suppliers, manufacturers, and partners is an extensive process that requires us to become satisfied with their quality control, technical capabilities, responsiveness and service, financial stability, regulatory compliance, and labor and other ethical practices. Accordingly, a loss of any of our significant suppliers, manufactures, or logistics partners could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 If we are unable to develop new products and solutions, adapt to technological change, sell our products and solutions into new markets, or further penetrate our existing markets, our revenue may not grow as expected. 
 
 Our ability to increase sales will depend, in large part, on our ability to enhance and improve our products and solutions, introduce new products, solutions, software, features, or services and in a timely manner, sell into new markets and further penetrate our existing markets. The success of any enhancement or new product or solution depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhanced or new products and solutions, the ability to maintain and develop relationships with partners and vendors, the ability to attract, retain and effectively train sales and marketing personnel, the effectiveness of our marketing programs, and the ability of our products and solutions to maintain compatibility with a wide range of connected devices. Any new product or solution we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Any new markets into which we attempt to sell our products and solutions, including new vertical markets (e.g., commercial office) and new countries or regions, may not be receptive. Our ability to further penetrate our existing markets depends on the quality, availability and reliability of our products and solutions and our ability to design our products and solutions to meet customer demand. Similarly, if any of our potential competitors implement new technologies before we are able to implement ours, those competitors may be able to provide more effective products or solutions, possibly at lower prices. Any delay or failure in the introduction of new or enhanced products or solutions could harm our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 If the smart home technology industry does not grow as we expect, or if we cannot expand our products and solutions to meet the demands of this market, our revenue may decline, fail to grow or fail to grow at an accelerated rate, and we may incur operating losses. 
 
 The market for smart home solutions is in an early stage of development, and it is uncertain how rapidly or how consistently this market will develop and the degree to which our products and solutions will be accepted into the single-family and multifamily rental markets in which we operate. Some residents, owners, or operators may be reluctant or unwilling to use our solutions for a number of reasons, including satisfaction with traditional solutions, concerns about additional costs, concerns about data privacy, and lack of awareness of the benefits of our solutions. Our ability to expand the sales of our products and solutions into new markets depends on several factors, including the reputation and recognition of our products and solutions, the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of our products and solutions, the ability to attract, retain and effectively train sales and marketing personnel, the effectiveness of our marketing programs, the costs of our products and solutions and the success of our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in developing and marketing our products and solutions into new markets, or if customers do not perceive or value the benefits of our products and solutions, the market for our products and solutions might not continue to develop or might develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm our revenue and growth prospects. 
 
 11 

Our limited operating history, recent growth and the quickly changing markets in which we operate make evaluating our current business and future prospects difficult, which may increase the risk of investing in our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 We have experienced rapid growth since our formation. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing markets. If our assumptions regarding these uncertainties are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our markets, or if we do not manage or address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 
 
 Our growth has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our management, and our operational and financial infrastructure. As our operations grow in size, scope, and complexity, we will need to increase our sales and marketing efforts and add additional sales and marketing personnel and senior management in various regions worldwide and improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to attract, service, and retain an increasing number of customers. For example, we plan to explore opportunities for international expansion and extend our offerings to current customers by introducing new software, services, and products. The expansion of our systems and infrastructure will require us to commit substantial financial, operational, and technical resources in advance of an increase in the volume of business, with no assurance that the volume of business will increase. Any such capital investments will increase our cost base. 
 
 Product liability, warranty, personal injury, property damage and recall claims may materially affect our financial condition and damage our reputation. 
 
 Our business exposes us to claims for product liability and warranty claims in the event our products actually or allegedly fail to perform as expected or the use of our products results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, personal injury or death. Although we maintain product and general liability insurance of the types and in the amounts that we believe are customary for the industry, we are not fully insured against all such potential claims. Because our products are installed in homes, there is an elevated risk of property damage, personal injury, or death in the event of a product malfunction, such as a smart lock failing or our Hub Device overheating or catching fire. Any judgment or settlement for property damage, personal injury, or wrongful death could prove expensive to contest. 
 
 We may experience legal claims in excess of our insurance coverage or claims that are not covered by insurance, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse determination of material product liability and warranty claims made against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and harm our reputation. In addition, if any of our products or components in our products are, or are alleged to be, defective, we may be required to participate in a recall of that product or component if the defect or alleged defect relates to safety. Any such recall and other claims could be costly to us and require substantial management attention. 
 
 We may be unable to attract new customers and maintain customer satisfaction, which could have an adverse effect on our business and growth. 
 
 We have experienced significant customer growth over the past several years. Our continued business and revenue growth are dependent on our ability to continuously attract and retain customers, and we cannot be sure that we will be successful in these efforts, or that customer retention levels will not materially decline. There are a number of factors that could lead to a decline in customer levels or that could prevent us from increasing our customer levels, including: 
 
 our failure to introduce new features, software, products, or solutions that customers find engaging or our introduction of new products or solutions, or changes to existing products and solutions that are not favorably received; 
 
 harm to our brand and reputation; 
 
 pricing and perceived value of our offerings; 
 
 our inability to deliver quality products and solutions in a timely manner; 
 
 our customers engaging with competitive software, services, products, and solutions; 
 
 technical or other problems preventing customers or their residents from using our products and solutions in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affecting the customer experience; 
 
 deterioration of the apartment or real estate industry, including declining levels of multifamily and single-family rental buildings and reduced spending in the apartment industry; 
 
 unsatisfactory experiences with the delivery, installation, or products or solutions; and 
 
 deteriorating general economic conditions or a change in consumer spending preferences or buying trends. 
 12 

Additionally, further expansion into international markets will create new challenges in attracting and retaining customers that we may not successfully address. As a result of these factors, we cannot be sure that our customer levels will be adequate to maintain or permit the expansion of our operations. A decline in customer levels could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Potential customer turnover in the future, or costs we incur to retain and upsell our customers, could materially and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Our customers have no obligation to renew their contracts for our software services after the expiration of the initial term. Our contract terms range from one month to ten years, and our average contract term is 2.6 years. In the event that these customers do renew their contracts, they may choose to renew for fewer units, shorter contract lengths, or for less expensive subscriptions. We cannot predict the renewal rates for customers that have entered into software contracts with us. 
 
 Customer attrition, as well as reductions in the number of units for which a customer subscribes, each could have a significant impact on our results of operations, as does the cost we incur in our efforts to retain our customers and encourage them to upgrade their services and increase the number of their units that use our software, services, and products. Our attrition rate could increase in the future if customers are not satisfied with our products and solutions, the value proposition of our solutions or our ability to otherwise meet their needs and expectations. Customer attrition and reductions in the number of units may also increase due to factors beyond our control, including the failure or unwillingness of customers to pay for our products and solutions due to financial constraints and the impact of a slowing economy. If a significant number of customers terminate, reduce, or fail to renew their contracts we may be required to incur significantly higher sales and marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate in order to increase the number of new customers or to upsell existing customers, and such additional sales and marketing expenditures could harm our business and results of operations. We have not experienced churn in our core smart home deployment since our inception. However, we have received cancellations on our stand-alone self-guided tour product, meaning that this is the only SmartRent product at this location, so including these contract cancellations our churn rate is 0.01 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional functionalities to our current customers and to sell into our customers future projects. This may require increasingly sophisticated and more costly sales efforts, technologies, tools and a longer sales cycle. Any increase in the costs necessary to upgrade, expand and retain existing customers could materially and adversely affect our financial performance. If our efforts to sell customers additional units and, in the future, to purchase additional functionalities are not successful, our business may suffer. In addition, such increased costs could cause us to increase our rates, which could increase our attrition rate. 
 
 The markets in which we participate could become more competitive as many companies, including large technology companies and managed service providers, may target the markets in which we do business. If we are unable to compete effectively with these potential competitors and sustain pricing levels for our products and solutions, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 
 The smart home technology industry in which we participate may become more competitive and competition may intensify in the future. Our ability to compete depends on a number of factors, including: 
 
 our product and solution functionality, performance, ease of use, reliability, availability, and cost effectiveness relative to that of our competitors products and solutions; 
 
 our success in utilizing new and proprietary technologies to offer solutions and features previously not available in the marketplace; 
 
 our success in identifying new markets, applications and technologies; 
 
 our ability to attract and retain partners; 
 
 our name recognition and reputation; 
 
 our ability to recruit software engineers and sales and marketing personnel; and 
 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property. 
 
 Customers may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new supplier regardless of product performance or features. In the event a customer decides to evaluate a smart home solution, the customer may be more inclined to select one of our competitors if such competitor s product offerings are broader or at a better price point than those that we offer. 
 
 13 

We face, and may in the future face, competition from large technology providers and managed service providers that may have greater capital and resources than we do. Competitors that are larger in scale and have greater resources may benefit from greater economies of scale and other lower costs that permit them to offer more favorable terms to consumers (including lower service costs) than we offer, causing such consumers to choose to enter into contracts with such competitors. For instance, cable and telecommunications companies are expanding into the smart home and security industries and are bundling their existing offerings with automation and monitored security services. In some instances, it appears that certain components of such bundled offerings are significantly underpriced and, in effect, subsidized by the rates charged for the other product or services offered by these companies. These bundled pricing alternatives may influence customers desire to use our services at rates and fees we consider appropriate. These competitors may also benefit from greater name recognition and superior advertising, marketing, promotional and other resources. To the extent that such competitors utilize any competitive advantages in markets where our business is more highly concentrated, the negative impact on our business may increase over time. In addition to potentially reducing the number of new customers we are able to acquire, increased competition could also result in increased customer acquisition costs and higher attrition rates that would negatively impact us over time. The benefit offered to larger competitors from economies of scale and other lower costs may be magnified by an economic downturn in which customers put a greater emphasis on lower cost products or services. In addition, we face competition from regional competitors that concentrate their capital and other resources in targeting local markets. 
 
 Cable and telecommunications companies actively targeting the smart home market and large technology companies expanding into the smart home market could result in pricing pressure, a shift in customer preferences towards the services of these companies and a reduction in our market share. Continued pricing pressure from these competitors or failure to achieve pricing based on the competitive advantages previously identified above could prevent us from maintaining competitive price points for our products and services, resulting in lost subscribers or in our inability to attract new subscribers and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 If we are unable to sustain pricing levels for our products and solutions whether due to competitive pressure or otherwise, our gross margins could be significantly reduced. Further, our decisions around the development of new products or solutions are grounded in assumptions about eventual pricing levels. If there is price compression in the market after these decisions are made, it could have a negative effect on our business. 
 
 If we fail to continue to develop our brand or our reputation is harmed, our business may suffer. 
 
 We believe that continuing to strengthen our current brand will be critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our products and solutions and will require continued focus on active marketing efforts. The demand for and cost of online and traditional advertising have been increasing and may continue to increase. Accordingly, we may need to increase our investment in, and devote greater resources to, advertising, marketing, and other efforts to create and maintain brand loyalty among our customers. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenues, and even if they do, any increased revenues may not offset the expenses incurred in building our brand. In addition, if we do not handle customer or resident complaints effectively, our brand and reputation may suffer, we may lose our customers confidence, and they may choose to terminate, reduce or not to renew their contracts. Many of our customers and their residents also participate in social media and online blogs about smart home technology solutions, including our products, and our success depends in part on our ability to minimize negative and generate positive feedback through such online channels where existing and potential customers seek and share information. If we fail to promote and maintain our brand, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The loss of one or more key members of our management team or personnel, or our failure to attract, integrate and retain additional personnel in the future, could harm our business and negatively affect our ability to successfully grow our business. 
 
 We are highly dependent upon the continued service and performance of the key members of our management team and other personnel. The loss of any of these individuals, each of whom is at will and may terminate his or her employment relationship with us at any time, could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation and brand, and significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. We believe that our future success will also depend in part on our continued ability to identify, hire, train, and motivate qualified personnel. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing operational, managerial and other requirements, or we may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. Our failure to attract, hire, integrate, and retain qualified personnel could impair our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 
 We make estimates relating to customer demand and errors in our estimates may have negative effects on our inventory levels, revenues, and results of operations. 
 
 We have historically entered into agreements to place firm orders for products from our suppliers to ensure that we are able to meet our customers demands. Our sales process requires us to estimate the expected customer demand and place firm product orders accordingly. If we overestimate customer demand, we may allocate resources to products that we may not be able to sell when we expect or at all. As a result, we may have excess inventory which could increase our net losses. Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand, we may lose revenue opportunities and market share and may damage our customer relationships. 
 
 14 

Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 205.8 million of gross federal net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income. Realization of any tax benefit from our carryforwards is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income and the absence of certain ownership changes. An ownership change, as defined in the applicable federal income tax rules, could place significant limitations, on an annual basis, on the amount of our future taxable income that may be offset by our carryforwards. Such limitations could effectively eliminate our ability to utilize a substantial portion of our carryforwards. We have not conducted a study to determine whether an ownership change has occurred since December 31, 2021 or if (i) the Business Combination resulted in an ownership change, (ii) we have incurred one or more ownership changes, or (iii) the issuance of shares of our Class A Common Stock resulted in an ownership change. Other issuances of shares of our Class A Common Stock which could cause an ownership change include the issuance of shares of common stock upon future conversion or exercise of outstanding options and warrants or future common stock offerings. If we have experienced or do experience an ownership change at any time since our formation, use of our net operating loss carryforwards and any other tax attribute carryforwards we may have (e.g., carryforwards of general business credits) would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 or 383 of the Code. Such a limitation would be determined by first multiplying the value of our outstanding shares at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term, tax-exempt rate. The applicable long-term tax-exempt rate for ownership changes occurring during the month of March 2022 and August 2021 were 1.63 and 1.58 , respectively. In addition, the Code regulations allow the annual limitation to be increased by certain adjustments, which, for us, would primarily relate to recognized built-in gains on appreciated assets during the five-year recognition period beginning on the ownership change date. 
 
 Interruptions to, or other problems with, our website and interactive user interface, information technology systems, manufacturing processes or other operations could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 The satisfactory performance, reliability, consistency, security and availability of our website and interactive user interface, information technology systems, manufacturing processes and other operations are critical to our reputation and brand, and to our ability to effectively provide our smart home services to customers and their residents. Any interruptions or other problems that cause our website, interactive user interface or information technology systems to malfunction or be unavailable may damage our reputation and brand, result in lost revenue, cause us to incur significant costs seeking to remedy the problem, and otherwise substantially harm our business and results of operations. A number of factors or events could cause such interruptions or problems, including among others, human and software errors, design faults, challenges associated with upgrades, changes or new facets of our business, power loss, telecommunication failures, fire, flood, extreme weather, political instability, acts of terrorism, war, break-ins and security breaches, contract disputes, labor strikes and other workforce-related issues, and other similar events. These risks are augmented by the fact that our customers and their residents use our products and solutions to operate their lights, locks, and other aspects of their living spaces. We are dependent upon our facilities in which we house all of the computer hardware necessary to operate our websites and systems as well as managerial, customer service, sales, marketing and other similar functions, and we have not identified alternatives to these facilities or established fully redundant systems in multiple locations. In addition, we are dependent in part on third parties for the implementation and maintenance of certain aspects of our communications and production systems, and therefore preventing, identifying, and rectifying problems with these aspects of our systems is to a large extent outside of our control. 
 
 Moreover, the business interruption insurance that we carry may not be sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our product lines as a result of system failures. 
 
 We may expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, each of which may divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders, increase expenses, disrupt our operations and harm our results of operations. 
 
 Our business strategy may, from time to time, include acquiring or investing in complementary services, technologies or businesses. On December 31, 2021, we purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of iQuue LLC iQuue ), and on March 21, 2022, we purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of SightPlan Holdings Inc. SightPlan ). We cannot assure you that we will successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, integrate or manage disparate technologies, lines of business, personnel and corporate cultures, realize our business strategy or the expected return on our investment, or manage a geographically dispersed company. Any such acquisition or investment could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Acquisitions and other strategic investments involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: 
 
 the potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the combination or acquisition; 
 
 unanticipated costs and liabilities; 
 
 difficulties in integrating new products, solutions, software, features, services, businesses, operations and technology infrastructure in an efficient and effective manner; 
 
 15 

the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses; 
 
 difficulties in maintaining customer relations; 
 
 the diversion of the attention of our senior management from the operation of our daily business; 
 
 the potential adverse effect on our cash position to the extent that we use cash for the purchase price; 
 
 the potential significant increase of our interest expense, leverage, and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition; 
 
 the potential issuance of securities that would dilute our stockholders percentage ownership; 
 
 the potential to incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses; and 
 
 the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures. 
 
 Any acquisition or investment could expose us to unknown liabilities. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment. In addition, our inability to successfully operate and integrate newly acquired businesses appropriately, effectively, and in a timely manner could impair our ability to take advantage of future growth opportunities and other advances in technology, as well as on our revenues, gross margins and expenses. 
 
 If we are unable to achieve or maintain profitability in the future, we may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances. If capital is not available to us, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 We intend to continue to make expenditures and investments to support the growth of our business and if we are unable to achieve or maintain profitability, we may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances, including the need to develop new products or software or enhance our existing products and software, enhance our operating infrastructure, and acquire complementary businesses and technologies. 
 
 Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. However, additional funds may not be available when we need them on terms, including interest rates, that are acceptable to us, or at all. 
 
 Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. In addition, the restrictive covenants in credit facilities we may secure in the future may restrict us from being able to conduct our operations in a manner required for our business and may restrict our growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with any such restrictive covenants. In the event that we are unable to comply with these covenants in the future, we would seek an amendment or waiver of the covenants. We cannot assure you that any such waiver or amendment would be granted. In such an event, we may be required to repay any or all of our existing borrowings, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to borrow under our existing credit agreements, or obtain alternative funding arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 
 In addition, volatility in the credit markets may have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt financing. Any future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities could result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information could reduce our competitiveness and harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Our intellectual property, including our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, constitutes a significant part of our value. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, brands and other intellectual property against dilution, infringement, misappropriation and competitive pressure by defending our intellectual property rights. To protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions and other methods, all of which offer only limited protection. 
 
 16 

We own one issued U.S. patent and have three pending U.S. patent applications that relate to smart home, security and wireless Internet technologies utilized in our business. We may file additional patent applications in the future in the U.S. and internationally. The process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions. In addition, issuance of a patent does not guarantee that we have an absolute right to practice the patented invention. 
 
 If we fail to adequately protect or assert our intellectual property rights, competitors may dilute our brands or manufacture and market similar products, solutions, software, services, or convert our customers, which could adversely affect our market share and results of operations. Our competitors may challenge, invalidate or avoid the application of our existing or future intellectual property rights that we obtain or license. The loss of protection for our intellectual property rights could reduce the market value of our brands and our products and solutions, reduce new customer originations or upgrade sales to existing customers, lower our profits, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 
 
 Our policy is to require our employees that were hired and contractors that were engaged to develop material intellectual property included in our products to execute written agreements in which they assign to us their rights in potential inventions and other intellectual property created within the scope of their employment (or, with respect to consultants and service providers, their engagement to develop such intellectual property), but we cannot assure you that we have adequately protected our rights in every such agreement or that we have executed an agreement with every such party. Finally, in order to benefit from the protection of intellectual property rights, we must monitor and detect infringement, misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property rights and pursue infringement, misappropriation or other claims in certain circumstances in relevant jurisdictions, all of which are costly and time-consuming. As a result, we may not be able to obtain adequate protection or to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 
 In addition to registered trademarks, we rely on trade secret rights, copyrights and other rights to protect our unpatented proprietary intellectual property and technology. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties, including our employees, consultants, service providers, or subscribers may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use our trade secrets or other confidential information. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties that have access to our material confidential information, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information and proprietary technology through certain procedural safeguards. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property or technology, could be breached or otherwise may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how related to the design, manufacture or operation of our products and solutions, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. We cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property or technology or infringement of our intellectual property rights. Competitors may independently develop technologies, products, or solutions that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products and solutions or that inappropriately incorporate our proprietary technology into their products or they may hire our former employees who may misappropriate our proprietary technology or misuse our confidential information. In addition, if we expand the geography of our service offerings, the laws of some foreign countries where we may do business in the future may not protect intellectual property rights and technology to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., and these countries may not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the U.S. 
 
 From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement, misappropriation, or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and technology, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful to date. 
 
 Accusations of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 There has been substantial litigation in the areas in which we operate regarding intellectual property rights and we may be sued for infringement from time to time in the future. Also, in some instances, we have agreed to indemnify our customers for expenses and liability resulting from claimed intellectual property infringement by our products and solutions. From time to time, we may receive requests for indemnification in connection with allegations of intellectual property infringement and we may choose, or be required, to assume the defense and/or reimburse our customers for their expenses, settlement and/or liability. We cannot assure you that we will be able to settle any future claims or, if we are able to settle any such claims, that the settlement will be on terms favorable to us. Our broad range of technology may increase the likelihood that third parties will claim that we, or our customers infringe their intellectual property rights. 
 
 We have in the past received, and may in the future receive, notices of allegations of infringement, misappropriation or misuse of other parties proprietary rights. Furthermore, regardless of their merits, accusations and lawsuits like these, may require significant time and expense to defend, may negatively affect customer relationships, may divert management s attention away from other aspects of our operations and, upon resolution, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 17 

Certain technology necessary for us to provide our products and solutions may, in fact, be patented by other parties either now or in the future. If such technology were validly patented by another person, we would have to negotiate a license for the use of that technology. We may not be able to negotiate such a license at a price that is acceptable to us or at all. The existence of such a patent, or our inability to negotiate a license for any such technology on acceptable terms, could force us to cease using the technology and cease offering subscriptions incorporating the technology, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 If we, or any of our products or solutions, were found to be infringing on the intellectual property rights of any third party, we could be subject to liability for such infringement, which could be material. We could also be prohibited from using or selling certain subscriptions, prohibited from using certain processes, or required to redesign certain products, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 These and other outcomes may: 
 
 result in the loss of a substantial number of existing customers or prohibit the acquisition of new customers; 
 
 cause us to pay license fees for intellectual property we are deemed to have infringed; 
 
 cause us to incur costs and devote valuable technical resources to redesigning our products or solutions; 
 
 cause our cost of revenues to increase; 
 
 cause us to accelerate expenditures to preserve existing revenues; 
 
 materially and adversely affect our brand in the marketplace and cause a substantial loss of goodwill; 
 
 cause us to change our business methods; and 
 
 require us to cease certain business operations or offering certain products or features. 
 
 Some of our products and solutions contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, technologies, products, and solutions in a manner that could harm our business. 
 
 We use open source software in our products and solutions and anticipate using open source software in the future. Some open source software licenses require those who distribute open source software as part of their own software product to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software product or to make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products or services. 
 
 Additionally, we could face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open source software or derivative works that we developed using such software, which could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make our software source code freely available, purchase a costly license, or cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require us to expend significant additional research and development resources, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful. 
 Additionally, the use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. There is typically no support available for open source software, and we cannot ensure that the authors of such open source software will implement or push updates to address security risks or will not abandon further development and maintenance. Many of the risks associated with the use of open source software, such as the lack of warranties or assurances of title or performance, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. We have processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our developers for the use of open source software, but we cannot be sure that all open source software is identified or submitted for approval prior to use in our products and services. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 18 

Downturns in or uncertainties about general economic and market conditions and reductions in spending may reduce demand for our products and solutions, which could harm our revenue, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our revenue, results of operations and cash flows depend on the overall demand for our products and solutions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, barriers to trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment, currency fluctuations, and other events beyond our control, such as economic sanctions, natural disasters, pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, epidemics, political instability, armed conflicts and wars, including the Russia-Ukraine war can materially adversely affect demand for our products and solutions. In addition, consumer spending and activities can be materially adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, energy shortages and cost increases, labor and healthcare costs and other economic factors, all of which may have a negative affect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can have a significant impact on our suppliers, manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, and other partners. Potential effects on our suppliers and partners include financial instability, inability to obtain credit to finance operations, and insolvency. A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased credit and collectability risk on our trade receivables, the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions, limitations on our ability to issue new debt, reduced liquidity, and declines in the fair value of our financial instruments. These and other economic factors can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 During weak or uncertain economic times, the available pool of potential customers may additionally decline as the prospects for new multifamily apartment and single-family rental construction and residential building renovation projects diminish, which may have a corresponding impact on our growth prospects. In addition, there is an increased risk during these periods that an increased percentage of property developers will file for bankruptcy protection, which may harm our revenue, profitability and results of operations. In addition, we may determine that the cost of pursuing any claim may outweigh the recovery potential of such claim. Prolonged economic slowdowns and reductions in new residential and commercial building construction and renovation projects may result in diminished sales of our software, services and products. Further worsening, broadening or protracted extension of an economic downturn could have a negative impact on our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Insurance policies may not cover all of our operating risks and a casualty loss beyond the limits of our coverage could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incidental to the provision of our products and solutions and business operations. In addition to contractual provisions limiting our liability to customers and third parties, we maintain insurance policies in such amounts and with such coverage and deductibles as required by law and that we believe are reasonable and prudent. Nevertheless, such insurance may not be adequate to protect us from all the liabilities and expenses that may arise from claims for personal injury, death, or property damage arising in the ordinary course of our business and current levels of insurance may not be able to be maintained or may not be available at economical prices. If a significant liability claim is brought against us that is not covered by insurance, then we may have to pay the claim with our own funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 Changes in effective tax rates, or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 
 expiration or non-utilization of net operating loss carryforwards; 
 
 tax effects of share-based compensation; 
 
 expansion into new jurisdictions; 
 
 potential challenges to and costs related to implementation and ongoing operation of our intercompany arrangements; 
 
 increases in state or federal statutory tax rates on corporate income; 
 
 changes in tax laws and regulations and accounting principles, or interpretations or applications thereof; and 
 
 certain non-deductible expenses as a result of acquisitions. 
 
 Any changes in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 19 

Any future outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, resurgences or the development of variants thereof, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant volatility in financial markets. Any public health problems resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and precautionary measures instituted by governments and businesses to mitigate its spread, including travel restrictions and quarantines, could contribute to a general slowdown in the global economy, adversely impact our customers, third-party suppliers and other business partners, and disrupt our operations. 
 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results will depend largely on future developments, including any future spread of the outbreak, effectiveness of vaccines, the impact on capital and financial markets, and the related impact on the financial circumstances of our customers and their residents, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risk of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as terrorism. 
 
 Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins, and similar events. The third-party systems and operations and manufacturers we rely on are subject to similar risks. For example, a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, or flood, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could also cause disruptions in our or our suppliers and manufacturers businesses or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in some circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting locations that store significant inventory of our products or that house our servers. As we rely heavily on our computer and communications systems, and the internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, these disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt suppliers and manufacturers businesses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 
 We collect, store, process, and use personal information of our customers and their residents, which subjects us to legal obligations and laws and regulations related to security and privacy, and any actual or perceived failure to meet those obligations could harm our business. 
 
 We collect, process, store, and use a wide variety of data from current and prospective customers and their residents, including personal information, such as home addresses and geolocation. Federal, state, and international laws and regulations governing privacy, data protection, and e-commerce transactions require us to safeguard our customers personal information. The scope of such laws and regulations is rapidly changing. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and contractual obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection and information security. We strive to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security. However, the regulatory framework for privacy, data protection, and information security is, and is likely to remain, uncertain for the foreseeable future, and it is possible that these or other actual or alleged obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. 
 
 We also expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions. Various states throughout the U.S. are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security, and data protection laws and regulations that could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection, and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention, and safeguarding of customer, consumer, resident, employee, or any other third-party information we receive, and some of our current or planned business activities. For example, California enacted the CCPA, that affords consumers who are California residents expanded privacy protections and control over the collection, use and sharing of their personal information. The CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020 and gives California residents expanded rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA also provides for a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. Relatedly, the CPRA was recently adopted by California voters. The CPRA significantly amends the CCPA and imposes additional data protection obligations on covered companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also creates a new California data protection agency specifically tasked to enforce the law, which would likely result in increased regulatory scrutiny of California businesses in the areas of data protection and security. The substantive requirements for businesses subject to the CPRA went into effect on January 1, 2023 and will become enforceable on July 1, 2023. 
 
 20 

Additionally, the interpretations of existing federal and state consumer protection laws relating to online collection, use, dissemination, and security of personal information adopted by the FTC, state attorneys general, private plaintiffs, and courts have evolved, and may continue to evolve, over time. Consumer protection laws require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal information and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal information. If such information that we publish is considered untrue, we may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Furthermore, according to the FTC, violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce, thus violating Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. The FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. 
 
 With data privacy and security laws and regulations imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations, and with substantial uncertainty over the interpretation and application of these and other laws and regulations, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices, and may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our data privacy or security related obligations to our customers or any of our other legal obligations relating to data privacy or security may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could result in significant liability, loss of relationships with key third parties, or cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
 
 Furthermore, we may be required to disclose personal data pursuant to demands from individuals, privacy advocates, regulators, government agencies, and law enforcement agencies in various jurisdictions with conflicting privacy and security laws. This disclosure or refusal to disclose personal data may result in a breach of privacy and data protection policies, notices, laws, rules, court orders, and regulations and could result in proceedings or actions against us in the same or other jurisdictions, damage to our reputation and brand, and inability to provide our products and services to customers in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, changes in the laws and regulations that govern our collection, use, and disclosure of customer data could impose additional requirements with respect to the retention and security of customer data, could limit our marketing activities, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 If there is any breach of security controls; unauthorized or inadvertent access to customer, residential, or other data; or unauthorized control or view of systems, our products and solutions may be perceived as insecure, our business may be harmed, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 
 Use of our solutions involves the storage, transmission and processing of personal, payment, credit and other confidential and private information of our customers and their residents, and may in certain cases permit access to our customers vacant and rented property or help secure them. We also maintain and process confidential and proprietary information in our business, including our employees and contractors personal information and confidential business information. We rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to protect against unauthorized use or access of the information we process and maintain. Our solutions and the networks and information systems we utilize in our business are at risk for breaches as a result of third-party action, employee or partner error, malfeasance, or other factors. In addition, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have enabled substantially all of our employees to work remotely which may make us more vulnerable to cyber-attacks and may create operational or other challenges, any of which could harm our systems or our business. Although we have taken precautionary measures to prepare for these threats and challenges, there is no guarantee that our precautions will fully protect our systems. 
 
 21 

Although we have established security procedures to protect customers and their resident information, our or our partners security and testing measures may not prevent security breaches. Further, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, inadequate facility security, or other developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology we use to protect customer data. Any compromise of our security or breach of our customers or their residents privacy could harm our reputation or financial condition and, therefore, our business. Criminals and other nefarious actors are using increasingly sophisticated methods, including cyber-attacks, phishing, social engineering and other illicit acts to capture, access, or alter various types of information, to engage in illegal activities such as fraud and identity theft, and to expose and exploit potential security and privacy vulnerabilities in corporate systems and websites. Unauthorized intrusion into the portions of our systems and networks and data storage devices that process and store customer and resident confidential and private information, the loss of such information or the deployment of malware or other harmful code to our services or our networks or systems may result in negative consequences, including the actual or alleged malfunction of our products, software or services. In addition, third parties, including our third-party affiliates, could also be sources of security risks to us in the event of a failure of their own security systems and infrastructure. The threats we and our third-party affiliates face continue to evolve and are difficult to predict due to advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography and new and sophisticated methods used by criminals. There can be no assurances that our defensive measures will prevent cyber-attacks or that we will detect network or system intrusions or other breaches on a timely basis or at all. We cannot be certain that we will not suffer a compromise or breach of the technology protecting the systems or networks that house or access our software, services and products or on which we or our partners process or store personal information or other sensitive information or data, or that any such incident will not be believed or reported to have occurred. Any such actual or perceived compromises or breaches to systems, or unauthorized access to our customers data, products, software or services, or acquisition or loss of data, whether suffered by us, our partners or other third parties, whether as a result of employee error or malfeasance or otherwise, could harm our business. They could, for example, cause interruptions in operations, loss of data, loss of confidence in our products and solutions and damage to our reputation, and could limit the adoption of our products and solutions. They could also subject us to costs, regulatory investigations and orders, litigation, contract damages, indemnity demands, and other liabilities and materially and adversely affect our customer base, sales, revenues, and profits. Any of these could, in turn, have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. If such an event results in unauthorized access to or loss of any data subject to data privacy and security laws and regulations, then we could be subject to substantial fines by U.S. federal and state authorities, foreign data privacy authorities around the world and private claims by companies or individuals. A cyber-attack may cause additional costs, such as investigative and remediation costs, legal fees, and the costs of any additional fraud detection activities required by law, a court, or a third party. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, in the event of a data breach or other unauthorized access to our customer data, we may also have obligations to notify individuals, data owner, or customers about the incident and we may need to provide some form of remedy to such customers or their residents, such as a subscription to a credit monitoring service for the individuals affected by the incident. A growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted consumer notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access to or acquisition of certain types of personal data. Such breach notification laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Complying with these obligations could cause us to incur substantial costs and could increase negative publicity surrounding any incident that compromises customer data. Additionally, some of our customer contracts require us to indemnify customers from damages they may incur as a result of a breach of our systems. There can be no assurance that the limitation of liability provisions in our contracts for a security breach would be enforceable or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Further, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to another provider of smart home solutions, our customers and potential customers or their residents may lose trust in the security of our products and solutions or in the smart home technology industry generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. Even in the absence of any security breach, customer concerns about security, privacy or data protection may deter them from using our products and solutions. 
 
 Our insurance policies covering errors and omissions and certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses may not be sufficient to compensate for all potential liability. Although we maintain cyber liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 
 22 

Our products and solutions may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could subject us to personal injury, property damage, product liability, warranty, and other claims, which could adversely affect our business and result in harm to our reputation. 
 
 We offer complex solutions involving advanced software and web-based interactive user interfaces and hardware products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated software, applications, and web-based interactive user interfaces, such as those offered by us, have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products. Defects may also exist in components and products that we source from third parties. Any such defects could cause our products and solutions to create a risk of property damage and personal injury, and subject us to the hazards and uncertainties of product liability claims and related litigation. In addition, from time to time, we may experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors that affect our software, applications, and web-based interactive user interfaces. As a result, our solutions may not perform as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software, and services we offer as part of our products and solutions. Failure to do so could result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting our products and solutions and could lead to claims against us. We maintain general liability insurance; however, design and manufacturing defects, and claims related thereto, may subject us to judgments or settlements that result in damages materially in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, we may be exposed to recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment, or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses such as litigation costs and regulatory fines. If we cannot successfully defend any large claim, maintain our general liability insurance on acceptable terms, or maintain adequate coverage against potential claims, our financial results could be adversely impacted. Further, given that our customers deploy our products and solutions to provide a safe and secure living space to their residents, quality problems could subject us to substantial liability, adversely affect the experience for users of our products and solutions and result in harm to our reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for our products and solutions, delay in new product and solution introductions, and lost revenue. 
 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain senior management and qualified board members. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased our legal and financial compliance costs, made some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increased demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our costs and expenses. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Our failure to comply with these laws, regulations and standards could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 However, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we will take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, exemption from the requirement to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. Additionally, we are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that have adopted the new or revised accounting standards. If investors find our Class A Common Stock less attractive as a result of exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile or decrease. 
 
 23 

We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of (i) the first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the initial public offering by FWAA (the FWAA IPO ), which closed on February 9, 2021, (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv) as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. 
 
 Being a public company and these new rules and regulations may also make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of the Board, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 
 As a result of disclosure of information in this Report and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which may result in more litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor. These claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report financial results or prevent fraud and the trading price of our stock could be negatively affected. 
 
 Until the closing of the Business Combination, we were not required to comply with the rules of the SEC implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and, therefore, we were not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we were required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and to assist in the effective prevention of fraud. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud could harm our business. Any system of internal controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. 
 
 If we cannot conclude that we have effective internal control over our financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could lead to a decline in our stock price. Failure to comply with reporting requirements could also subject us to sanctions and/or investigations by the SEC, the NYSE or other regulatory authorities. If we fail to remedy any deficiencies or maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties or stockholder litigation. In addition, failure to maintain adequate internal controls could result in financial statements that do not accurately reflect our operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Our smart home technology is subject to varying state and local regulations, which may be updated from time to time. 
 
 Our smart home technology is subject to certain state and local regulations, which may be updated from time to time. For example, our products and solutions are subject to regulations relating to building and fire codes, public safety, and may eventually be subject to state and local regulation regarding access control systems. The regulations to which we are subject may change, additional regulations may be imposed, or existing regulations may be applied in a manner that creates special requirements for the implementation and operation of our products and solutions that may significantly impact or even eliminate some of our revenues or markets. In addition, we may incur material costs or liabilities in complying with any such regulations. Furthermore, some of our customers must comply with numerous laws and regulations, which may affect their willingness and ability to purchase our products and solutions. The modification of existing laws and regulations or interpretations thereof or the adoption of future laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, cause us to modify or alter our methods of operations and increase our costs and the price of our products and solutions. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able, for financial or other reasons, to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could become subject to substantial penalties or restrictions that could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Failure of our global operations to comply with import and export, bribery, and money laundering laws, regulations and controls, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 
 We conduct our business globally and source our products from Asia, Europe and the U.S. We are subject to regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, agencies and regulatory bodies or authorities responsible for monitoring and enforcing product safety and consumer protection laws, data privacy and security laws and regulations, employment and labor laws, workplace safety laws and regulations, environmental laws and regulations, antitrust laws, federal securities laws, and tax laws and regulations. 
 
 24 

We are subject to the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.S. Travel Act of 1961, and possibly other anti-bribery laws, including those that comply with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and other international conventions. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit our company from authorizing, offering, or providing directly or indirectly improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. Certain laws could also prohibit us from soliciting or accepting bribes or kickbacks. We can be held liable for the corrupt activities of our employees, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we did not explicitly authorize such activity. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with anti-corruption laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents will comply with these laws and policies. 
 
 Our operations require us to import from Asia and Europe, which geographically stretches our compliance obligations. We are also subject to anti-money laundering laws such as the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and may be subject to similar laws in other jurisdictions. Our products are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Controls. We may also be subject to import/export laws and regulations in other jurisdictions in which we conduct business or source our products. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. 
 
 Changes in laws that apply to us could result in increased regulatory requirements and compliance costs which could harm our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. In certain jurisdictions, regulatory requirements may be more stringent than in the U.S. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain governments or other customers, the loss of export privileges, multi-jurisdictional liability, reputational harm, and other collateral consequences. If any governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in defense costs and other professional fees. 
 
 Expanding our international operations subject us to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We expanded our international operations to Canada and the United Kingdom and may further grow our international presence in the future. The future success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from those in the U.S. Due to our lack of experience with international operations and developing and managing sales and distribution channels in international markets, our international expansion efforts may not be successful. In addition, we will face risks in doing business internationally that could materially and adversely affect our business, including: 
 
 our ability to comply with differing and evolving technical and environmental standards, telecommunications regulations, building and fire codes, and certification requirements outside the U.S.; 
 
 difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 
 our ability to effectively price our products and solutions in competitive international markets; 
 
 potentially greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable and longer payment cycles; 
 
 the need to adapt and localize our products and subscriptions for specific countries; 
 
 the need to offer customer care in various native languages; 
 
 reliance on third parties over which we have limited control; 
 
 availability of reliable network connectivity in targeted areas for expansion; 
 
 difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations, and customs in foreign jurisdictions; 
 
 restrictions on travel to or from countries in which we operate or inability to access certain areas; 
 25 

changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including tariffs and other non-tariff barriers, such as quotas and local content rules; 
 
 U.S. government trade restrictions, including those which may impose restrictions such as prohibitions, on the exportation, re-exportation, sale, shipment or other transfer of programming, technology, components, and/or services to foreign persons; 
 
 our ability to comply with different and evolving laws, rules, and regulations, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and other data privacy and data protection laws, rules and regulations; 
 
 compliance with various anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act of 2010; 
 
 more limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 
 adverse tax consequences; 
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 
 exchange control regulations, which might restrict or prohibit our conversion of other currencies into U.S. Dollars; 
 
 new and different sources of competition; 
 
 political and economic instability created by the United Kingdom s departure from the European Union; 
 
 deterioration of political relations between the U.S. and other countries in which we may operate; or 
 
 political or social unrest, economic instability, conflict or war in such countries, or sanctions implemented by the U.S. against countries in which we operate, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 Our failure to successfully manage these risks could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies in which we transact business also subject us to certain risks. While we have historically transacted in U.S. Dollars with the majority of our customers and suppliers, we have transacted in some foreign currencies, such as the Euro, the Canadian dollar, the Croatian Krona and the Chinese Renminbi and may transact in more foreign currencies in the future. Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar may affect our revenue and operating results. As a result of such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, it could be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and operating results. In addition, to the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our operating results to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our common stock could be lowered. 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings, regulatory disputes, and governmental inquiries that could cause us to incur significant expenses, divert our management s attention, and materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving products liability, competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, securities, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters that could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. As our business grows, we may see a rise in the number and significance of these disputes and inquiries. Litigation and regulatory proceedings, and particularly the intellectual property infringement matters that we could face, may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. Additionally, our litigation costs could be significant. Adverse outcomes with respect to litigation or any of these legal proceedings may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, penalties and fines, or require us to modify our products or services, make content unavailable, or require us to stop offering certain features, all of which could negatively affect our membership and revenue growth. 
 
 The results of litigation, investigations, claims, and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and determining reserves for pending litigation and other legal and regulatory matters requires significant judgment. There can be no assurance that our expectations will prove correct, and even if these matters are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 26 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 
 The trading price of our Class A Common Stock may be volatile. The stock market recently has experienced extreme volatility. This volatility often has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. You may not be able to resell your shares at an attractive price due to a number of factors such as those listed in - Risks Related to Our Business and Industry and the following: 
 
 our operating and financial performance and prospects; 
 
 our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations; 
 
 conditions that impact demand for our products and/or services; 
 
 future announcements concerning our business, our clients businesses or our competitors businesses; 
 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 
 the market s reaction to our reduced disclosure and other requirements as a result of being an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; 
 
 the size of our public float; 
 
 coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or failure to meet their expectations; 
 
 market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 
 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 
 changes in laws or regulations which adversely affect our industry or us; 
 
 privacy and data protection laws, privacy or data breaches, or the loss of data; 
 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and the results of operations; 
 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 
 issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales of our capital stock; 
 
 changes in our dividend policy; 
 
 adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; and 
 
 changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the U.S. and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war and responses to such events. 
 
 These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Class A Common Stock is low. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. 
 
 In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 
 
 27 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our Class A Common Stock for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, certain restrictions related to our indebtedness, industry trends and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. Any such decision will also be subject to compliance with contractual restrictions and covenants in the agreements governing our current and future indebtedness. In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness, the terms of which may further restrict or prevent us from paying dividends on our common stock. As a result, you may have to sell some or all of your Class A Common Stock after price appreciation in order to generate cash flow from your investment, which you may not be able to do. Our inability or decision not to pay dividends, particularly when others in our industry have elected to do so, could also adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 If securities analysts issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our Class A Common Stock, the price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our Class A Common Stock depends in part on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about us and the industries in which we operate. If any of the analysts that cover us change their recommendation regarding our securities adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our securities would likely decline. If any analyst that covers us ceases covering us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our securities to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our Class A Common Stock, or if our reporting results do not meet their expectations, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. 
 
 Our issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or convertible securities could make it difficult for another company to acquire us, may dilute your ownership of us and could adversely affect our stock price. 
 
 On October 29, 2021, we filed Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register 35,444,576 shares of our Class A Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to our equity incentive plans. The Form S-8 registration statements automatically became effective upon filing. The shares registered under such registration statements will be available for sale in the open market. 
 
 In the future, we expect to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our capital stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity, or shares of preferred stock. Issuing additional shares of our capital stock, other equity securities, or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders, reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock, or both. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, holders of our Class A Common Stock bear the risk that our future offerings may reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock and dilute their percentage ownership. 
 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our common stock by us or our existing stockholders in the public market could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 198,525,153 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. 
 
 The sale of substantial amounts of shares of our Class A Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. In addition, the sale of a large number of shares by our stockholders could cause the prevailing market price of our Class A Common Stock to decline. 
 
 As restrictions on resale end, the market price of shares of our Class A Common Stock could drop significantly if the holders of these shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our shares of Class A Common Stock or other securities. 
 
 28 

In addition, the shares of our Class A Common Stock issued under the SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, (the 2021 Plan are eligible for sale in the public market, subject to provisions relating to various vesting agreements, and in some cases, limitations on volume and manner of sale by affiliates under Rule 144, as applicable. The number of shares to be reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Plan equals 12,853,744 shares (all of which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options). We also have the ability to issue up to 3,731,411 additional shares of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), subject to annual increases effective as of January 1, 2023 and each subsequent January 1 through and including January 1, 2030 in an amount equal to the smallest of (i) 1 of the number of shares of the common stock outstanding as of the immediately preceding December 31, (ii) 2,000,000 shares or (iii) such amount, if any, as the Board may determine. 
 
 Our management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 
 Our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or effectively manage its transition to a public company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Our management s limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities, which would result in less time being devoted to our management and growth. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the U.S. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the U.S. may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that we will be required to hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which would increase our operating costs in future periods. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation (our Charter and bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by the Board. 
 
 Among other things, our Charter and/or bylaws include the following provisions: 
 
 a staggered board, which means that the Board is classified into three classes of directors, with staggered three-year terms and directors are only able to be removed from office for cause; 
 
 limitations on convening special stockholder meetings, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to adopt desired governance changes; 
 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which means that our stockholders are only able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and are not be able to take action by written consent for any matter; 
 
 a forum selection clause, which means certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 
 
 the authorization of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our stockholders; and 
 
 advance notice procedures, which apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which prevents interested stockholders, such as certain stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock, from engaging in certain business combinations unless (i) prior to the time such stockholder became an interested stockholder, the Board approved the transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the common stock, or (iii) following board approval, such business combination receives the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding common stock not held by such interested stockholder at an annual or special meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Any provision of our Charter or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 
 29 

Our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the (i) Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or stockholders to us or to our stockholders; (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant to the DGCL, our Charter or bylaws; or (d) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; and (ii) subject to the foregoing, the federal district courts of the U.S. shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such forum selection provisions shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the U.S. have exclusive jurisdiction. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As noted above, our Charter and bylaws provide that the federal district courts of the U.S. shall have jurisdiction over any action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Scottsdale, Arizona, where we lease 40,893 square feet of office space. We also lease 9,928 square feet of office space in Orlando, Florida and 60,820 square feet of warehouse space in Avondale, Arizona. In addition to our facilities located in the U.S., we lease 2,690 square feet of office space and 3,229 square feet of warehouse space in Zagreb, Croatia. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any expansion of our operations as needed. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to various claims, charges and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe these actions are a normal incident of the nature and kind of business in which we are engaged. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we do not believe that any asserted or unasserted legal claims or proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 For a discussion of legal and other proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol SMRT. FWAA's Class A Common Stock was listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol FWAA prior to the Business Combination. 
 
 30 

Holders of Record 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 24 stockholders of record of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our Class A Common Stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in our business and therefore we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The terms of our Senior Revolving Facility, as defined in Note 6 to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report, also restrict our ability to pay dividends, and we may also enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends on our capital stock. 
 
 Stock Performance Graphs and Cumulative Total Return 
 
 The following shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor s 500 Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the De-SPAC ETF (NYSE:DSPC) which tracks the performance of The De-SPAC Index (DESPACTR on Bloomberg), an equally weighted portfolio of 25 of the largest de-SPACs on a rolling 12-month basis. The chart assumes 100 was invested on January 3, 2022, in the Class A common stock of SmartRent Inc., the S P 500 Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the De-SPAC ETF, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. 
 
 The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class A common stock. 

The information under Stock Performance Graphs and Cumulative Total Return is not deemed to be soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and is not to be incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language in those filings. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The information required by this item with respect to our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 31 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Fi nancial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this Report. 
 Overview 
 We are an enterprise real estate technology company that provides a comprehensive management platform designed for property owners, managers and residents. Our suite of products and services, which includes both smart building hardware and cloud-based SaaS solutions, provides seamless visibility and control over real estate assets. Our platform lowers operating costs, increases revenues, mitigates operational friction and protects assets for owners and operators, while providing a differentiated, elevated living experience for residents. 
 
 Through a Hub Device, we integrate our proprietary enterprise software with third-party smart devices and other technology interfaces. We use an open-architecture, brand-agnostic approach that allows owners, operators, and residents to manage their smart home systems through a single connected interface. Our solutions include smart apartments and homes, access control for buildings, common areas, and rental units, asset protection and monitoring, parking management, self-guided tours, and community and resident Wi-Fi. We also have a professional services team that provides customers with training, installation, and support services. Our SightPlan acquisition in March 2022 advanced our product roadmap and augmented our cloud-based SaaS solutions for current and prospective customers. 
 
 We believe SmartRent is the category leader in the enterprise smart home solutions industry. As of December 31, 2022, we had 547,196 Units Deployed, 851,815 Committed Units, and 501 customers, including many of the top multifamily residential owners in the U.S. As of that date, our customers owned an aggregate of approximately 6.7 million units. This represents approximately 15 of the U.S. market for institutionally owned multifamily rental units and single-family rental homes. In addition to multifamily residential owners, our customers include some of the leading homebuilders, single-family rental homeowners, and iBuyers in the U.S. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that our success is dependent on many factors, including those further discussed below. Our operating results and cash flows are dependent upon a number of opportunities, challenges and other factors, including our ability to grow our customer base in a cost-effective manner, expand our hardware and hosted service offerings to generate increased revenue per Unit Deployed (as defined below), provide high quality hardware products and hosted service applications to maximize revenue and improve the leverage of our business model. While these areas represent opportunities for us, they also represent challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to operate our business. 
 Active Supply Chain Management 
 We are focused on successfully navigating unprecedented global supply chain disruptions. Specifically, increased demand for electronics as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. trade relations with China and certain other factors have led to a global shortage of semiconductors, including Z wave chips, which are a central component of our Hub Devices. Due to this shortage, we have experienced Hub Device production delays, which have occasionally affected our ability to meet scheduled installations and facilitate customer upgrades to our higher-margin Hub Devices. Further, we've experienced shortages and shipment delays related to components for Alloy Access and made-to-order specialty locks. Consequently, scheduled deployments have been delayed to future periods. This is a timing issue as these customer orders have not been canceled. We expect that some of these backlogged units will be deployed in 2023. Our expectation is that we will not see marked improvements with respect to supply chain delays for Alloy Access and for made-to-order locks through 2023. 
 32 

Investing in Research and Development 
 Our performance is significantly dependent on the investments we make in research and development, including our ability to attract and retain highly skilled research and development personnel. We must continually develop and introduce innovative new software services and hardware products, integrate with third-party products and services, mobile applications and other new offerings. 
 New Products, Features and Functionality 
 We will need to expend additional resources to continue introducing new products, features and functionality to enhance the value of our smart home operating system. We have recently introduced a number of product enhancements and features, including the Building Access Control, Video Intercom, WiFi, Parking, and Work Order Management solutions. In the future, we intend to continue to release new products and solutions and enhance our existing products and solutions, and we expect that our operating results will be impacted by these releases. 
 The acquisition of SightPlan enhances our overall platform offering and customer value proposition by providing a comprehensive one-stop platform that broadens our support of property operations, enhancing the experience for residents, property owners and managers. Both SmartRent and SightPlan offer an open-API architecture that enables a myriad of third-party partner integrations, resulting in a multi-functional platform that enhances property management workflow efficiencies, empowers teams to get more done, elevates resident interactions, and improves resident living experiences. 
 Category Adoption and Market Growth 
 Our future growth depends in part on the continued consumer adoption of hardware and software products which improve resident experience and the growth of this market. We need to deliver solutions that enhance the resident experience and deliver value to our customers, rental property owners and operators, as well as homebuilders and developers, by providing products and solutions designed to enhance visibility and control over assets while providing additional revenue opportunities. In addition, our long-term growth depends in part on our ability to expand into international markets in the future. 
 The Business Combination 
 On August 24, 2021, we consummated the Business Combination contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy SmartRent, with Legacy SmartRent continuing as the surviving company and changing its name to SmartRent Technologies, Inc. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, we changed our name from Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. I to SmartRent, Inc. and changed our trading symbol and exchange listing from FWAA on Nasdaq to SMRT on the NYSE. The Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse capitalization in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). Under the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update (FASB ASC) 805, Business Combinations, FWAA is treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. SmartRent Technologies, Inc. is deemed the accounting predecessor of the combined business and the successor SEC registrant, meaning that our financial statements for previous periods will be disclosed in the registrant s future periodic reports filed with the SEC. The Business Combination had a significant impact on our reported financial condition and results of operations as a consequence of the reverse capitalization. The most significant change in our reported financial condition and results of operations was a net increase in cash (as compared to our Consolidated Balance Sheet immediately prior to the Business Combination) of approximately 444.6 million, which includes approximately 155.0 million in proceeds from a concurrent private placement to certain investors who subscribed for an aggregate of 15,500,000 shares of Class A common stock, offset by additional transaction costs for the Business Combination. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination were approximately 56.0 million, including 12.1 million which represents deferred underwriter fees from the FWAA IPO. 
 Comparability of Financial Information 
 Our results of operations and financial position may not be comparable to historical results as a result of the Business Combination. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report are prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Key Operating Metrics 
 We regularly monitor a number of operating and financial metrics, which include certain non-GAAP financial measures in order to evaluate our operating performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, measure our progress and make strategic decisions. Non-GAAP financial measures may not provide accurate predictions of future GAAP financial results. 
 33 

The limitations our Key Operating Metrics have as an analytical tool are: (i) they might not accurately predict our future GAAP financial results, (ii) we might not realize all or any part of the anticipated value reflected in Units Booked and (iii) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate our Key Operating Metrics or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Units Deployed and New Units Deployed 
 We define Units Deployed as the aggregate number of Hub Devices that have been installed (including customer self-installations) as of a stated measurement date. We define New Units Deployed as the aggregate number of Hub Devices that were installed (including customer self-installations) during a stated measurement period. We use these operating metrics to assess the general health and trajectory of our business and growth. We had 207,711, 167,743, and 83,293 New Units Deployed during the years December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we had an aggregate of 547,196, 339,485 and 155,105 Units Deployed, respectively. 
 Units Booked 
 We define Units Booked as the aggregate number of Hub Device units associated with binding orders executed during a stated measurement period. We utilize the concept of Units Booked to measure estimated near-term resource demand and the resulting approximate range of post-delivery revenue that we will earn and record. Units Booked represent binding orders only. For the years December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were 282,512, 219,901, and 112,555 Units Booked, respectively. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define EBITDA as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP before the following items: interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before the following items: stock-based compensation expense, non-employee warrant expense, warranty provisions for battery deficiencies, asset impairment, loss on extinguishment of debt, change in fair value of derivatives, unrealized gains and losses in currency exchange rates, and non-recurring expenses in connection with acquisitions. Management uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to identify controllable expenses and make decisions designed to help us meet our current financial goals and optimize our financial performance, while neutralizing the impact of expenses included in our operating results which could otherwise mask underlying trends in our business. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information and reconciliations of these measures. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue 
 We define Annual Recurring Revenue ARR as the annualized value of our recurring SaaS revenue earned in the current quarter. We monitor our ARR to assess the general health and trajectory of our hosted services business. Our ARR was approximately 32.3 million, 10.6 million and 4.9 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue primarily from sales of systems that consist of hardware devices, professional installation services and hosted services enabling property owners and property managers to have visibility and control over assets, while providing all-in-one home control offerings for residents. We record revenue as earned when control of these products and services is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to collect for those products and services. 
 Hardware Revenue 
 We generate revenue from the direct sale to our customers of hardware smart home devices, which devices generally consist of a Hub Device, door-locks, thermostats, sensors, and light switches. These hardware devices provide features that function independently without subscription to our proprietary software, and the performance obligation for hardware revenue is considered satisfied and revenue is recognized at a point in time when the hardware device is shipped to the customer. Certain Hub Devices do not function independently without the subscription, and therefore, the revenue is recognized in hosted services revenue. The Company generally provides a one-year warranty period on hardware devices that are delivered and installed. The cost of the warranty is recorded as a component of cost of hardware revenue. We generally provide a one-year warranty period on hardware devices that are delivered and installed. We record the cost of the warranty as a component of cost of hardware revenue. 
 34 

Professional Services Revenue 
 We generate professional services revenue from installing smart home hardware devices, which does not result in significant customization of the installed products and is generally performed over a period ranging from two to four weeks. Installations can be performed by our employees, can be contracted out to a third party with our employees managing the engagement, or can be performed by the customer. Professional services contracts are generally performed on a fixed-price basis and revenue is recognized over the period in which installations are completed. 
 Hosted Services Revenue 
 Hosted services primarily consist of monthly subscription revenue earned from the fees collected from customers to provide access to one or more of our software applications including access controls, asset monitoring and related services. These subscription arrangements have contractual terms ranging from one month to ten years and include recurring fixed plan subscription fees. Our arrangements do not provide the customer with the right to take possession of our software at any time. Customers are granted continuous access to the services over the contractual period. Accordingly, fees collected for subscription services are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term beginning on the date the subscription service is made available to the customer. Variable consideration is immaterial. 
 We sell certain Hub Devices, which only function with the subscription to our proprietary software applications and related hosting services. We consider those devices and hosting services subscription as a single performance obligation, and therefore we defer the recognition of revenue for those devices that are sold with application subscriptions. The estimated average in-service life of those devices is four years. When a Hub Device without independent functionality is included in a contract that does not require a long-term service commitment, the customer obtains a material right to renew the service because purchasing a new device is not required upon renewal. If a contract contains a material right, proceeds are allocated to the material right and recognized over the period of benefit, which is generally four years. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of direct costs of products and services together with the indirect cost of estimated warranty expense and customer care and support over the life of the service arrangement. We expect cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars in future periods. We record any change to cost of job performance and job conditions in the period during which the revision is identified. 
 Hardware 
 Cost of hardware revenue consists primarily of direct costs of proprietary products, Hub Devices, hardware devices and supplies purchased from third-party providers, shipping costs, warehouse facility (including depreciation and amortization of capitalized assets and right-of-use assets) and infrastructure costs, personnel-related costs associated with the procurement and distribution of our products and estimated warranty expenses together with the indirect cost of customer care and support. We expect cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 In 2019, the U.S. administration imposed significant changes to U.S. trade policy with respect to China. Tariffs have subjected certain SmartRent products manufactured overseas to additional import duties. The amount of the import tariff has changed numerous times based on action by the U.S. administration. We continue to monitor the change in tariffs. If tariffs are increased, such actions may increase our cost of hardware revenue and reduce our hardware revenue margins further in the future. 
 Professional Services 
 Cost of professional services revenue consists primarily of direct costs related to personnel-related expenses for installation and supervision of installation services, general contractor expenses and travel expenses associated with installation of our products, and indirect costs that are also primarily personnel-related expenses in connection with training of and ongoing support for customers and residents. We expect cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 Hosted Services 
 Cost of hosted services revenue consists primarily of the amortization of the direct costs of certain Hub Devices consistent with the revenue recognition period noted above in Hosted Services Revenue and infrastructure costs associated with providing our software applications together with the indirect cost of customer care and support over the life of the service arrangement. We expect cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars in future periods at a rate that is lower than the corresponding increase in hosted services revenue. 
 35 

Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs directly associated with our research and development. Our research and development efforts are focused on enhancing and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development. We account for the cost of research and development by capitalizing qualifying costs, which are incurred during the product development stage, and amortizing those costs over the product s estimated useful life, which generally ranges from three to five years depending on the type of application. Costs incurred and capitalized during the product development stage generally include the costs of software configuration, coding, and testing. Such costs primarily include payroll and payroll related expenses for employees directly involved in the product development. We expense preliminary evaluation costs as they are incurred before technological feasibility is achieved, as well as post development implementation and operation costs, such as training, maintenance and minor upgrades. We begin amortizing capitalized costs when a project is ready for its intended use, and we periodically reassess the estimated useful life of a project considering the effects of obsolescence, technology, competition and other economic factors which may result in a shorter remaining life. We expect our research and development costs to increase in absolute dollars as we increase our investment in product development to broaden the capabilities of our solutions and introduce new products and features. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist of costs directly associated with our sales and marketing activities, which primarily include personnel-related costs, sales commissions, marketing programs, trade shows, and promotional materials. We expect that our sales and marketing expenses will increase over time as we hire additional sales and marketing personnel, increase our marketing activities, grow our domestic and international operations, and continue to build brand awareness. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs associated with our general and administrative organization, professional fees for legal, accounting and other consulting services, office facility, insurance and information technology costs. 
 We expect to incur additional general and administrative expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and stock exchange listing requirements, additional insurance expense, investor relations activities and other administrative and professional services. We also expect to increase the size of our general and administrative staff in order to support the growth of our business. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other expenses consist primarily of interest expense, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, and other income related to the operations of foreign subsidiaries. Interest expense is recorded in connection with our various debt facilities. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses relate to the impact of transactions denominated in a foreign currency other than the U.S. dollar. As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies has increased, which we expect to continue. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The income tax benefit on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss is primarily related to the valuation allowance release due to deferred tax liabilities from the SightPlan acquisition. We have established a full valuation allowance for net deferred U.S. federal and state tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards. We expect to maintain this valuation allowance until it becomes more likely than not that the benefit of our federal and state deferred tax assets will be realized in future periods if we report taxable income. We believe that we have established an adequate allowance for our uncertain tax positions, although we can provide no assurance that the final outcome of these matters will not be materially different. To the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 
 
 36 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed together with the consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Report. The following table summarizes our historical consolidated results of operations data for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of operating results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. All dollars are in thousands unless otherwise stated. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs 2021 Change 

2021 vs 2020 Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenue 

Hardware 

87,372 

69,629 

31,978 

17,743 

25 

37,651 

118 

Professional services 

32,301 

22,732 

12,304 

9,569 

42 

10,428 

85 

Hosted services 

48,148 

18,276 

8,252 

29,872 

163 

10,024 

121 

Total revenue 

167,821 

110,637 

52,534 

57,184 

52 

58,103 

111 

Cost of revenue 

Hardware 

83,289 

70,448 

35,225 

12,841 

18 

35,223 

100 

Professional services 

59,547 

38,189 

16,176 

21,358 

56 

22,013 

136 

Hosted services 

23,637 

12,073 

5,430 

11,564 

96 

6,643 

122 

Total cost of revenue 

166,473 

120,710 

56,831 

45,763 

38 

63,879 

112 

Operating expense 

Research and development 

29,422 

21,572 

9,406 

7,850 

36 

12,166 

129 

Sales and marketing 

20,872 

14,017 

5,429 

6,855 

49 

8,588 

158 

General and administrative 

55,305 

25,990 

16,584 

29,315 

113 

9,406 

57 

Total operating expenses 

105,599 

61,579 

31,419 

44,020 

71 

30,160 

96 

Loss from operations 

(104,251) 

(71,652) 

(35,716) 

(32,599) 

45 

(35,936) 

101 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income (expense) 

1,946 

(249) 

(559) 

2,195 

(882) 

310 

(55) 

Other income (expense), net 

595 

55 

(685) 

540 

982 

740 

(108) 

Loss before income taxes 

(101,710) 

(71,846) 

(36,960) 

(29,864) 

42 

(34,886) 

94 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

5,388 

(115) 

(149) 

5,503 

(4785) 

34 

(23) 

Net Loss 

(96,322) 

(71,961) 

(37,109) 

(24,361) 

34 

(34,852) 

94 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenue 

Hardware 

87,372 

69,629 

17,743 

25 

Professional services 

32,301 

22,732 

9,569 

42 

Hosted services 

48,148 

18,276 

29,872 

163 

Total revenue 

167,821 

110,637 

57,184 

52 

Total revenue increased by 57.2 million, or 52 , to 167.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 110.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue resulted primarily from an increase in New Units Deployed during 2022 compared to 2021, an increased number of cumulative active subscriptions for our hosted services during 2022 compared to 2021, and our acquisition of SightPlan in March 2022. 
 37 

Our revenue is primarily driven by New Units Deployed and the aggregate number of Units Deployed. We had 207,711 New Units Deployed during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 167,743 New Units Deployed during the same period in 2021, an increase of 39,968 New Units Deployed, or 24 . The aggregate number of Units Deployed was 547,196 at December 31, 2022, compared to 339,485 at December 31, 2021. 
 Hardware revenue increased by 17.7 million, or 25 , to 87.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 69.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in hardware revenue resulted from a 4 increase in units shipped and an Average Revenue per Unit ARPU increase of 21 to 436.49 for the 2022 period from 361.02 for the 2021 period. We define hardware ARPU as total hardware revenue for a given period divided by number of Hub Devices shipped in the same period. 
 Professional services revenue increased by 9.6 million, or 42 , to 32.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 22.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 24 in New Units Deployed and an ARPU increase of 15 from the year ended December 31, 2021. We define professional services ARPU as total professional services revenue divided by Units Deployed in a period. 
 Hosted services revenue increased by 29.9 million, or 163 , to 48.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Of the 48.1 million revenue in 2022, 20.3 million is related to hub amortization and 27.8 million is related to SaaS revenue. Revenue increased from hub amortization and SaaS by 10.0 million and 19.9 million, respectively, from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase from both components of hosted services revenue resulted primarily from the increased aggregate number of Units Deployed from 339,485 units at December 31, 2021 to 547,196 units at December 31, 2022 and an increase in SaaS ARPU of 93 to 5.32 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.76 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Approximately 9.9 million of the 2022 increase in SaaS resulted from contributions from iQuue and SightPlan. Excluding contributions from iQuue and SightPlan, SaaS ARPU was 3.42 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We define SaaS ARPU as total SaaS revenue for a given period divided by the average aggregate Units Deployed in the same period. 
 We utilize the concept of Units Booked to measure estimated near-term resource demand and the resulting approximate range of post-delivery revenue that we will earn and record. Units Booked represent binding orders only and are a subset of Committed Units. We had 282,512 and 219,901 Units Booked during the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We define Committed Units as the aggregate number of Hub Device (i) units that are subject to binding orders from customers together with (ii) units that existing customers who are parties to a SmartRent master services agreement have informed us (on a non-binding basis) that they intend to order in the future for deployment within two years of the measurement date. We measure and evaluate Committed Units to assess the general health and trajectory of our business operations and growth. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, SmartRent had 851,815 and 742,429 Committed Units, respectively. 
 Cost of Revenue 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

Hardware 

83,289 

70,448 

12,841 

18 

Professional services 

59,547 

38,189 

21,358 

56 

Hosted services 

23,637 

12,073 

11,564 

96 

Total cost of revenue 

166,473 

120,710 

45,763 

38 

Total cost of revenue increased by 45.8 million, or 38 , to 166.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 120.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of revenue resulted primarily from an increase in the volume of sales and New Units Deployed of our smart home hardware devices, increased third-party direct labor costs, and the increased number of active subscriptions for our software service applications. 
 Hardware cost of revenue increased by 12.8 million, or 18 , to 83.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 70.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in hardware cost of revenue was primarily attributable to approximately 16.7 million resulting from greater sales volumes and an increase of approximately 2.5 million for direct personnel-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was partially offset by a decrease in warranty costs of 7.5 million primarily related to a warranty provision for battery deficiencies recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Professional services cost of revenue increased by 21.4 million, or 56 , to 59.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 38.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in professional services cost of revenue is primarily attributable to approximately 11.6 million resulting from an increase in New Units Deployed and related services provided, including third-party direct labor costs. Personnel-related costs, and related travel costs, increased by 8.6 million as we increased our professional services staff to increase our capacity to deploy units in anticipation of increased sales volumes. 
 38 

Hosted services cost of revenue increased by 11.6 million, or 96 , to 23.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 12.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in both periods resulted from the increase in the aggregate number of Units Deployed and the resulting increase in hub amortization and the number of active subscriptions for our software service applications. 
 Operating Expenses 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Research and development 

29,422 

21,572 

7,850 

36 

Sales and marketing 

20,872 

14,017 

6,855 

49 

General and administrative 

55,305 

25,990 

29,315 

113 

Research and development expenses increased by 7.9 million, or 36 , to 29.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting primarily from an increase of approximately 6.9 million of personnel-related expenses, as we increased our research and development staff, and an increase in stock-based compensation of 1.3 million. 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 6.9 million, or 49 , to 20.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting primarily from approximately 5.0 million of increased personnel-related expenses as we increased the size of our sales and marketing staff and an increase of 0.8 million in business applications and software. We had 282,512 and 219,901 Units Booked during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased by 29.3 million, or 113 , to 55.3 million from 26.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting primarily from increases of approximately 10.3 million in personnel-related expenses, asset impairment of 4.4 million related to a prepaid license agreement and a loan receivable, stock-based compensation of 4.2 million, business insurance of 3.6 million, primarily related to Directors and Officers insurance, and 2.8 million of intangible asset amortization. 
 Other Income (Expenses) 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Interest income (expense), net 

1,946 

(249) 

2,195 

882 

Other income (expense), net 

595 

55 

540 

982 

Interest income, net increased by 2.2 million, or 882 , to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from (0.2) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest income is primarily attributable to interest earned on interest-bearing cash balances which were higher for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to corresponding period in 2021 due to higher interest rates. 
 Other income, net increased by 0.5 million, or 982 , to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 0.1 million of other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period in 2021 and foreign currency adjustments. 
 Income Taxes 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Loss before income taxes 

(101,710) 

(71,846) 

(29,864) 

42 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

5,388 

(115) 

5,503 

(4785) 

We provided a full valuation allowance on our net U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had 205.8 million of U.S. federal and 188.3 million of state gross net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income, which will be carried forward indefinitely for U.S. federal tax purposes and will expire on varying dates for state tax purposes. The income tax benefit is related to the valuation allowance release due to the expected realization of deferred tax liabilities from the SightPlan and iQuue acquisitions. 
 We do not currently expect the Inflation Reduction Act to have a material impact on our financial results, including on our annual estimated effective tax rate. 
 
 39 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 For comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2022, under the subheading Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, described below, as non-GAAP measures. We believe the presentation of both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with increased transparency into financial measures used by our management team, and it also improves investors understanding of our underlying operating performance and their ability to analyze our ongoing operating trends. All historic non-GAAP financial measures have been reconciled with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures - these non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to supersede or replace our GAAP results. 
 We define EBITDA as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP before interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA reduced by stock-based compensation expense, non-employee warrant expense, warranty provisions for battery deficiencies, asset impairment, loss on extinguishment of debt, change in fair value of derivatives, unrealized gains and losses in currency exchange rates, non-recurring expenses in connection with acquisitions and other expenses caused by non-recurring, or unusual, events that are not indicative of our ongoing business. 
 Our management uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to assess our financial and operating performance, and we believe these measures are helpful to management and external users in understanding our performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA help management identify controllable cash expenses and make decisions designed to help us meet our identified financial and operational goals and to optimize our financial performance, while neutralizing the impact of some expenses included in our operating results caused by external influences over which management has little or no control and by non-recurring, or unusual, events that might otherwise mask trends in our performance. Accordingly, we believe these metrics measure our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely our cost structure and expenses. 
 We believe that the presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provides information useful to investors in assessing our results of operations. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is net income or loss. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not used as measures of our liquidity and should not be considered alternatives to net income or loss or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Our EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to the EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA of other companies due to the fact that not all companies use the same definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our basis for computing these non-GAAP measures is comparable with that of other companies. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss (as determined in accordance with GAAP) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated. 

Years Ended December 31, 

(amounts in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net loss 

(96,322) 

(71,961) 

(37,109) 

Interest (income) expense, net 

(1,946) 

249 

559 

Provision for income taxes 

(5,388) 

115 

149 

Depreciation and amortization 

4,262 

463 

295 

EBITDA 

(99,394) 

(71,134) 

(36,106) 

Stock-based compensation 

13,716 

8,131 

1,759 

Non-employee warrant expense 

289 

931 

481 

Compensation expense in connection with acquisitions 

5,042 

- 

3,353 

Other non-recurring acquisition expenses 

1,197 

- 

- 

Asset impairment 

4,441 

- 

- 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

- 

27 

164 

Loss on change in exchange rates 

- 

- 

470 

Loss on warranty provision 

- 

6,430 

3,200 

Adjusted EBITDA 

(74,709) 

(55,615) 

(26,679) 

40 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 210.4 million, which were held for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our cash equivalents are comprised primarily of money market funds. To date, our principal sources of liquidity have been the net proceeds we received through the private issuance of our convertible SmartRent preferred stock, the net proceeds received as a result of the Business Combination, and payments collected from sales to our customers. 
 Debt Issuances 
 Following the maturity of our Revolving Facility (as defined below) in December 2021, we entered into a 75.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with a five-year term (the Senior Revolving Facility . Interest rates for draws upon the Senior Revolving Facility are determined by whether the Company elects a secured overnight financing rate loan SOFR Loan or alternate base rate loan ABR Loan ). For SOFR Loans, the interest rate is based upon the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR as published by the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) plus 0.10 , subject to a floor of 0.00 , plus an applicable margin. For ABR Loans, the interest rate is based upon the highest of (i) the Prime Rate, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.50 , or (iii) 3.25 , plus an applicable margin. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable margins for SOFR Loans and ABR Loans under the Senior Revolving Facility were 1.75 and (0.50 ), respectively. The Senior Revolving Facility is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets and guaranteed by each of the Company s material domestic subsidiaries. 
 In February 2020, Legacy SmartRent issued a subordinated convertible note in the principal amount of 0.1 million, bearing interest at 5 per annum, pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the February 2020 Convertible Note ). Interest on the February 2020 Convertible Note accrued at the coupon rate, compounded annually. The February 2020 Convertible Note was converted in March 2020 into shares of Legacy SmartRent Series C-1 Preferred Stock, which automatically converted into a number of shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock upon consummation of the Business Combination. 
 In August 2019, we entered into a loan and security agreement for a credit facility (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility provided 15.0 million of borrowing capacity and consisted of a 10.0 million revolving line of credit (the Revolving Facility ), which matured in December 2021 and a 5.0 million term loan (the Term Loan Facility ), which was to mature in November 2023. In December 2021, the balance of the Term Loan Facility was repaid, we revised the Credit Facility and entered into the Senior Revolving Facility. 
 Legacy SmartRent Preferred Stock Issuances 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, Legacy SmartRent issued a total of approximately 5.5 million shares of Series C Preferred Stock in three tranches that closed in March, April, and May 2020, respectively. The Series C Preferred Stock was issued in exchange for 57.5 million gross cash proceeds. Expenses in connection with the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock were 0.1 million, resulting in net cash proceeds of 57.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Legacy SmartRent also issued 761 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock (which automatically converted into a number of shares of Common Stock upon consummation of the Business Combination) in connection with the redemption of certain convertible notes. 
 In February and March 2021, Legacy SmartRent issued approximately 3.4 million shares of Series C Preferred Stock (which automatically converted into a number of shares of Common Stock upon consummation of the Business Combination) in exchange for 35.0 million gross cash proceeds. Expenses in connection with the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock were 0.2 million, resulting in net cash proceeds of 34.8 million. 
 We have incurred negative cash flows from operating activities and significant losses from operations in the past as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 250.9 million as of December 31, 2022. We may require additional capital to continue our operations in future periods. We expect to incur expenses related to non-cancellable contractual obligations such as from our operating leases. 
 We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, available borrowing capacity under the Senior Revolving Facility, and cash raised in the Business Combination will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months beyond the issuance date of this Report. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our sales volume, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and market adoption of our new and enhanced products and features. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, including intellectual property rights. From time to time, we may seek to raise additional funds through equity and debt. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired and on reasonable terms, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 41 

Cash Flow Summary - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) provided by 

Operating activities 

(81,037) 

(70,376) 

(28,490) 

Investing activities 

(130,789) 

(9,373) 

(2,680) 

Financing activities 

(2,801) 

473,926 

48,221 

Operating Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our operating activities used 81.0 million in cash resulting primarily from our net loss of 96.3 million and 8.1 million used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by 23.4 million provided by non-cash expenses. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities primarily resulted from a 42.8 million increase in inventory, 15.9 million increase in accounts receivable, and 9.9 million increase in deferred cost of revenue, partially offset by a 43.7 million increase in deferred revenue, a 12.4 million increase in accounts payable, and a 3.2 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities. Non-cash expenses consisted primarily of stock-based compensation of 13.7 million, compensation expense related to acquisitions of 5.0 million, 4.4 million of asset impairment, and depreciation and amortization of 4.3 million, partially offset by a deferred tax benefit of 5.7 million resulting from the SightPlan acquisition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our operating activities used 70.4 million in cash resulting primarily from our net loss of 72.0 million, which was partially offset by 18.0 million of non-cash expenses consisting primarily of 8.1 million for stock-based compensation and 7.6 million for the provision for warranty expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 16.4 million net cash from changes in our operating assets and liabilities resulting primarily from increases of 24.0 million in accounts receivable, 15.8 million in inventory, 11.3 million in prepaid expenses and other assets, and 9.3 million in deferred cost of revenue. These uses were partially offset by an increase of 38.9 million in deferred revenue and an increase of 3.8 million in accounts payable. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, our operating activities used 28.5 million in cash resulting primarily from our net loss of 37.1 million, which was partially offset by 11.3 million of non-cash expenses consisting primarily of 3.4 million of non-cash compensation expense related to the Zenith Highpoint Inc. Zenith acquisition, provision for warranty expenses of 3.4 million, and stock-based compensation of 1.8 million. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we used net cash of 2.7 million from changes in our operating assets and liabilities resulting primarily from an increase of 13.5 million in accounts receivable, an 11.1 million increase in inventory, an 8.6 million increase in deferred cost of revenue, and 3.2 million decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities. This was partially offset by a 32.8 million increase in deferred revenue and 1.0 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets. 
 Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 130.8 million of cash for investing activities, resulting primarily from 129.7 million used for the SightPlan acquisition, net of cash acquired. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 9.4 million of cash for investing activities, resulting primarily due to 5.9 million used for the iQuue acquisition, net of cash acquired. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we used 2.7 million of cash for investing activities, primarily related to the Zenith acquisition, net of cash acquired. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our financing activities used 2.8 million of cash primarily for taxes paid related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our financing activities provided 473.9 million of cash consisting primarily of net proceeds from the consummation of the Business Combination in the amount of 444.6 million and convertible preferred stock issued of 34.8 million, net of expenses. The proceeds were partially offset by paying off the balance of the Term Loan Facility. 
 
 42 

For the year ended December 31, 2020, our financing activities provided 48.2 million of cash consisting primarily of convertible preferred stock issued of 57.4 million, offset by net payments on the Revolving Facility of 4.8 million, and payments on the note payable related to the Zenith acquisition of 4.3 million. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can significantly impact the amounts we report as assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and the related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance as these policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive revenue primarily from sales of systems that consist of hardware devices, professional installation services and hosted services to assist property owners and property managers with visibility and control over assets, while providing all-in-one home control offerings for residents. Revenue is recognized when control of these products and services are transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for those products and services. 
 Payments we receive by credit card, check, or automated clearing house payments, and payment terms are determined by individual contracts and range from due upon receipt to net 30 days. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are not included in reported revenue. Payments received from customers in advance of revenue recognition are reported as deferred revenue. 
 We apply the practical expedient that allows for inclusion of the future auto-renewals in the initial measurement of the transaction price. We only apply these steps when it is probable that we will collect the consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to a customer. 
 Accounting for contracts recognized over time involves the use of various estimates of total contract revenue and costs. Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that estimates of costs to complete a performance obligation may be revised in the future as we observe the economic performance of our contracts. Changes in job performance, job conditions and estimated profitability may result in revision to our estimates of revenue and costs and are recognized in the period in which the revision is identified. 
 We may enter into contracts that contain multiple distinct performance obligations including hardware and hosted services. The hardware performance obligation includes the delivery of hardware, and the hosted services performance obligation allows the customer use of our proprietary software during the contracted-use term. The subscription for the software and certain Hub Devices combine as one performance obligation, and there is no support or ongoing subscription for other device hardware. We partner with several manufacturers to offer a range of compatible hardware options for its customers. We maintain control of the hardware purchased from manufacturers prior to it being transferred to the customer, and accordingly, SmartRent is considered the principal in these arrangements. 
 For each performance obligation identified, we estimate the standalone selling price, which represents the price at which we would sell the good or service separately. If the standalone selling price is not observable through past transactions, we estimate the standalone selling price, considering available information such as market conditions, historical pricing data, and internal pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. We then allocate the transaction price among those obligations based on the estimation of the standalone selling price. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. Cost is computed under the first-in, first-out method. We adjust the inventory balance based on anticipated obsolescence, usage, and historical write-offs. Significant judgment is used in establishing our forecasts of future demand and obsolete material exposures. We consider marketability and product life cycle stage, product development plans, demand forecasts, historical revenue, and assumptions about future demand and market conditions in establishing our estimates. If the actual product demand is significantly lower than forecast, which may be caused by factors within and outside of our control, or if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and our customer requirements, we may be required to increase our inventory adjustment. A change in our estimates could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our results of operations. 
 43 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 Our stock-based compensation relates to stock options and restricted stock units RSUs granted to our employees and directors. Stock-based awards are measured based on the grant date fair value. We estimate the fair value of stock option awards on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of RSUs is based on the grant date fair value of the stock price. The fair value of these awards is recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period in which the awards are expected to vest. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur by reversing previously recognized compensation expense. 
 The Black-Scholes model considers several variables and assumptions in estimating the fair value of stock-based awards. These variables include the per share fair value of the underlying common stock, exercise price, expected term, risk-free interest rate, expected annual dividend yield, the expected stock price volatility over the expected term and forfeitures, which are recognized as they occur. For all stock options granted, we calculated the expected term using the simplified method for plain vanilla stock option awards. 
 The grant date fair value is also utilized with respect to RSUs with performance and service conditions to vest. For RSUs with a performance condition, based on a liquidity event, as well as a service condition to vest, no compensation expense is recognized until the performance condition has been satisfied. Subsequent to the liquidity event, compensation expense is recognized to the extent the requisite service period has been completed and compensation expense thereafter is recognized on an accelerated attribution method. Under the accelerated attribution method, compensation expense is recognized over the remaining requisite service period for each service condition tranche as though each tranche is, in substance, a separate award. In August 2021, the Company completed the merger with FWAA, which met the liquidity event vesting condition and triggered the recognition of compensation expense for RSUs for which the time-based vesting condition had been satisfied or partially satisfied. 
 SmartRent Common Stock Valuations 
 Prior to the Business Combination, in the absence of a public trading market, the fair value of our common stock was determined by our board of directors, with input from management, taking into account our most recent valuation from an independent third-party valuation specialist. Our board of directors intend that all stock options granted have an exercise price per share not less than the per share fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. The valuations of our common stock were determined in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. The assumptions we used in the valuation models were based on future expectations combined with management judgment, and considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of our common stock as of the date of each option grant, including the following factors: 
 relevant precedent transactions involving our capital stock; 

the liquidation preferences, rights, preferences, and privileges of our redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to the common stock; 

our actual operating and financial performance; 

current business conditions and projections; 

our stage of development; 

the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event for the shares of common stock underlying the stock options, such as an initial public offering, given prevailing market conditions; 

any adjustment necessary to recognize a lack of marketability of the common stock underlying the granted options; 

recent secondary stock sales and tender offers; 

the market performance of comparable publicly-traded companies; and 

the U.S. and global capital market conditions. 

44 

In valuing our common stock at various dates, our board of directors determined the equity value of our business using the market approach. The market approach estimates value considering an analysis of guideline public companies. The guideline public company method estimates value by applying a representative revenue multiple from a peer group of companies in similar lines of business to our forecasted revenue. To determine our peer group of companies, we considered publicly traded companies based on consideration of business descriptions, operations and geographic presence, financial size and performance, and management recommendations regarding most similar companies. This approach involves the identification of relevant transactions and determining relevant multiples to apply to our revenue. 
 Application of this approach involves the use of estimates, judgment, and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding our expected future revenue, expenses, and future cash flows, discount rates, market multiples, the selection of comparable companies, and the probability of possible future events. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions or the relationships between those assumptions impact our valuations as of each valuation date and may have a material impact on the valuation of our common stock. 
 The estimates were no longer necessary to determine the fair value of new awards once the underlying shares began trading in August 2021. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies as defined in Section 2(A) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. We are an emerging growth company and have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 We will use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public business entities and non-public business entities until the earlier of the date we (a) are no longer an emerging growth company or (b) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. The extended transition period exemptions afforded by our emerging growth company status may make it difficult or impossible to compare our financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of this exemption because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (a) the last day of our first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (b) the last date of our fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (c) the last date of our fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (d) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non- convertible debt securities during the previous three years. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial condition due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect, to date, on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of approximately 217.7 million, which consisted primarily of institutional money market funds, which carries a degree of interest rate risk. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would increase interest income by 21.7 million, or decrease interest income by 2.7 million, based on our cash position as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 45 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Substantially all of our revenue is generated in U.S. dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations, which are primarily in the U.S. and to a lesser extent in Croatia and other international markets. Our results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements. To date, we have not engaged in any hedging strategies. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 

46 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 48 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 50 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 52 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 54 

47 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of SmartRent, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SmartRent, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 

March 8, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 
 48 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 Consolidated BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash, current portion 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Deferred cost of revenue, current portion 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred cost of revenue 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

49 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Hardware 

Professional services 

Hosted services 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Hardware 

Professional services 

Hosted services 

Total cost of revenue 

Operating expense 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expense 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per share 

Basic and diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

50 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount (Par Value 0.0001) 

Shares 

Amount (Par Value 0.0001) 

Additional Paid In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Retroactive application of exchange ratio 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2019 as adjusted 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock for cash, net of offering costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of Convertible Note to Series C-1 Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock warrants related to marketing expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock for cash, net of offering costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock to Common Stock 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Redemption of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock warrants issued to customers as consideration 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock warrants related to marketing expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

- 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Tax withholdings related to net share settlement of equity awards 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of equity awards 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock warrants issued to customers as consideration 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock warrants related to marketing expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net settlement related to exercise of options 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

ESPP purchases 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

- 

() 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

51 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

- 

Asset Impairment 

- 

- 

Non-employee warrant expense 

Provision for warranty expense 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

- 

Non-cash lease expense 

Stock-based compensation related to acquisition 

Stock-based compensation 

Compensation expense related to acquisition 

- 

Change in fair value of earnout related to acquisition 

- 

- 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

- 

- 

Non-cash interest expense 

Provision for excess and obsolete inventory 

() 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred cost of revenue 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Payments for Zenith acquisition, net of cash acquired 

- 

- 

() 

Payments for SightPlan acquisition, net of cash acquired 

() 

- 

- 

Payments for iQuue acquisition, net of cash acquired 

- 

() 

- 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Payment for loan receivable 

- 

() 

- 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payments from revolving line of credit 

- 

- 

Payments on revolving line of credit 

- 

- 

() 

Payments on term loan 

- 

() 

() 

Payments of senior revolving facility transaction costs 

- 

() 

- 

Payments on note payable related to acquisition 

- 

- 

() 

Proceeds from warrant exercise 

- 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

- 

- 

Proceeds from options exercise 

- 

- 

Proceeds from ESPP purchases 

- 

- 

Taxes paid related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards 

() 

- 

- 

Convertible preferred stock issued 

- 

Payments of convertible stock transaction costs 

- 

() 

() 

Proceeds from business combination and private offering 

- 

- 

Payments for business combination and private offering transaction costs 

() 

() 

- 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - end of period 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash, current portion 

- 

Restricted cash, included in other long-term assets 

- 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

52 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED 
 (in thousands) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Accrued property and equipment at period end 

Contingent consideration 

- 

- 

Acquisition consideration held in escrow 

- 

- 

Conversion of convertible debt to preferred stock 

- 

- 

Common stock issued as consideration for acquisition 

- 

- 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock 

- 

- 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

53 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 or more target businesses. On February 9, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering (the IPO ), following which its shares began trading on the Nasdaq National Market Nasdaq ). On April 21, 2021, FWAA entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, the Merger Agreement with SmartRent.com, Inc. Legacy SmartRent and Einstein Merger Corp. I, a wholly owned subsidiary of FWAA Merger Sub ). On August 24, 2021, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Business Combination were consummated. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, FWAA changed its name to SmartRent, Inc. and its shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol SMRT. As a result of the Business Combination, SmartRent, Inc. became the owner, directly or indirectly, of all of the equity interests of Legacy SmartRent and its subsidiaries. The Business Combination The Company entered into the Merger Agreement in April 2021 and consummated the Business Combination in August 2021. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy SmartRent, with Legacy SmartRent continuing as the surviving company and changing its name to SmartRent Technologies, Inc. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company changed its name from Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. I to SmartRent, Inc. and changed its trading symbol and securities exchange from FWAA on Nasdaq to SMRT on the NYSE. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the Company's certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, increase the total number of authorized shares of capital stock to shares, of which shares were designated common stock, par value per share, and of which shares were designated preferred stock, par value per share. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, each share of Legacy SmartRent convertible preferred stock and common stock issued and outstanding was canceled and converted into the right to receive approximately shares (the Exchange Ratio of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share Common Stock ). Outstanding stock options and restricted stock units RSUs ), whether vested or unvested, to purchase or receive shares of Legacy SmartRent common stock granted under the 2018 Stock Plan (see Note 8) converted into stock options and RSUs to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock upon the same terms and conditions that were in effect with respect to such stock options and RSUs immediately prior to the Business Combination, after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio. Outstanding warrants, whether vested or unvested, to purchase shares of Legacy SmartRent common stock (see Note 7) converted into warrants for shares of the Company s Common Stock upon the same terms and conditions that were in effect with respect to such warrants immediately prior to the Business Combination, after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio. In connection with the Business Combination, Holders of less than thousand shares of FWAA s Class A Common Stock sold in its initial public offering (the Initial Shares properly exercised their right to have such shares redeemed for a full pro rata portion of the trust account holding the proceeds from FWAA s initial public offering, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. Each such share was redeemed for approximately per share, or in the aggregate; The shares of FWAA Class B Common Stock held by Fifth Wall Acquisition Sponsor, LLC Sponsor and FWAA s independent directors automatically converted to shares of Common Stock; and Pursuant to subscription agreements entered into in connection with the Merger Agreement (collectively, the Subscription Agreements ), certain investors purchased an aggregate of newly-issued shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of (the PIPE Investment ). At the closing of the Business Combination, the Company consummated the PIPE Investment. The Company incurred direct and incremental costs of approximately in connection with the Business Combination and the related equity issuance, consisting primarily of investment banking, legal, accounting, and other professional fees, which were recorded to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of proceeds. The Company accounted for this transaction as a reverse merger in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, FWAA was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies for further details. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Legacy SmartRent issuing stock for the net assets of FWAA, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of FWAA are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or intangible assets recorded. Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy SmartRent and FWAA filed separate standalone federal, state, and local income tax returns. As a result of the Business Combination, SmartRent, Inc. files a consolidated income tax return. For legal purposes, FWAA acquired Legacy SmartRent, and the transaction represents a reverse acquisition for federal income tax purposes - SmartRent, Inc. is the parent of the consolidated group with SmartRent Technologies, Inc. as a subsidiary, but in the year of the closing of the Business Combination, the consolidated tax return of SmartRent, Inc. included a full year period for Legacy SmartRent and stub-year for FWAA starting the day after the closing of the Business Combination. FWAA filed a short year return for the period prior to the acquisition. Upon closing of the Business Combination, the Company received gross proceeds of from the Business Combination and PIPE Investment, offset by offerings costs of . 

per share, representing a recapitalization, and the net assets of the Company were acquired at historical cost, with goodwill or intangible assets recorded. Legacy SmartRent was deemed to be the predecessor of the Company, and the consolidated assets and liabilities and results of operations prior to the Closing Date are those of the Legacy SmartRent. The shares and corresponding capital amounts and net loss per share available to common stockholders, prior to the Business Combination, have been retroactively restated as shares reflecting the Exchange Ratio. Acquisitions In March 2022, the Company purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of SightPlan Holdings, Inc. SightPlan in an acquisition that meets the definition of a business combination, for which the acquisition method of accounting was used (see Note 13). The acquisition was recorded on the date that the Company obtained control over the acquired business. The consideration paid was determined on the acquisition date and the acquisition-related costs, such as professional fees, were excluded from the consideration transferred and were recorded as expense in the period incurred. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Company were recorded at their estimated fair values, while goodwill was measured as the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. In December 2021, the Company purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of iQuue, LLC iQuue in an acquisition that meets the definition of a business combination, for which the acquisition method of accounting was used (see Note 13). The acquisition was recorded on the date that the Company obtained control over the acquired business. The consideration paid was determined on the acquisition date and the acquisition-related costs, such as professional fees, were excluded from the consideration transferred and were recorded as expense in the period incurred. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Company were recorded at their estimated fair values, while goodwill was measured as the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. In February 2020, Legacy SmartRent purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of Zenith Highpoint, Inc. Zenith in an acquisition that meets the definition of a business combination, for which the acquisition method of accounting was used, see Note 13 of these Consolidated Financial Statements. The acquisition was recorded on the date that the Company obtained control over the acquired business. The consideration paid was determined on the acquisition date and the acquisition-related costs, such as professional fees, were excluded from the consideration transferred and were recorded as expense in the period incurred. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Company were recorded at their estimated fair values, while goodwill was measured as the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The provision for doubtful accounts is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss; the provision for doubtful accounts totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were material write-offs of accounts receivable deemed uncollectable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . During the year ended December 31, 2020, there were in write-offs of accounts receivable deemed uncollectable. The Company evaluates the collectability of the accounts receivable balances and has determined the allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of factors, which include th e nature of relationship and the prior experience the Company has with the account and an evaluation for current and projected economic conditions as of the Consolidated Balance Sheets date. Accounts receivable determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Actual collections of accounts receivable could differ from management s estimates. 
 or more of the Company s total revenue or net accounts receivable balance at each respective Consolidated Balance Sheet date. The significant customers of the Company are also limited partners of an investor in the Company with approxima tely and ownership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The investor does not exert control or influence on these limited partners and, as such these limited partners do not meet the definition of related parties of the Company. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Total less than 10 for the respective period 

goodwill impairment has been recorded as of December 31, 2022. The Company will conduct additional tests between annual tests if there are indications of potential g oodwill impairment. 
 s. 

Customer relationships 
 
 - 

Developed technology 
 
 - 

, and , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Warehouse equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

following the installation of the product. The estimated warranty costs, which are expensed at the time of sale and included in hardware cost of revenue, are based on the results of product testing, industry and historical trends and warranty claim rates incurred and are adjusted for identified current or anticipated future trends as appropriate. Actual warranty claim costs could differ from these estimates. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 warranty expense included in cost of hardware revenue was and and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company s warranty allowance was and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company identified a deficiency with batteries contained in certain hardware sold and has included an estimate of the expected cost to remove these batteries, which were acquired from one supplier, in its warranty allowance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company identified additional deficient batteries, and while the number of deficient batteries is less than one percent of the total number of all batteries deployed, the Company has elected to replace all such batteries from previously deployed hardware devices. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and , respectively, is included in the Company s warranty allowance related to the remaining cost of replacement for this identified battery deficiency. 

Warranty accrual for battery deficiencies 

- 

Warranty (reversal) accrual for completed projects 

() 

Warranty settlements 

() 

() 

Warranty reserve ending balance 

shares of the Company s Common Stock. Refer to Note 7, Convertible Preferred Stock and Equity . 
 
 . Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are not included in reported revenue. Payments received from customers in advance of revenue recognition are reported as deferred revenue. The Company has elected the following practical expedients following the adoption of ASC 606 : Shipping and handling costs: the Company elected to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as fulfillment activities (i.e., an expense) rather than as a promised service and are recorded as hardware cost of revenue. Amounts billed for shipping and handling fees are recorded as revenue. 

 Sales tax collected from customers: the Company elected to exclude from the measurement of transaction price all taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected by us from a customer. 

 Measurement of the transaction price: the Company applies the practical expedient that allows for inclusion of the future auto-renewals in the initial measurement of the transaction price. The Company only applies these steps when it is probable that it will collect the consideration to which it is entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to a customer. 

 Significant financing component: the Company elected not to adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when the period between the transfer of promised goods or services and when the customer pays for the goods or services will be one year or less. 

 Timing of Revenue Recognition is as follows. Hardware Revenue 

 Hardware revenue results from the direct sale to customers of hardware smart home devices, which devices generally consist of a distinct Hub Device, door-locks, thermostats, sensors, and light switches. These hardware devices provide features that function independently without subscription to the Company's proprietary software, and the performance obligation for hardware revenue is considered satisfied and revenue is recognized at a point in time when the hardware device is shipped to the customer. The Company generally provides a one-year warranty period on hardware devices that are delivered and installed. The cost of the warranty is recorded as a component of cost of hardware revenue. Professional Services Revenue 

 Professional services revenue results from installing smart home hardware devices, which does not result in significant customization of the product and is generally performed over a period from two to four weeks. Installations can be performed by the Company's employees, contracted out to a third-party with the Company's employees managing the engagement, or the customer can perform the installation themselves. The Company s professional services contracts are generally arranged on a fixed price basis and revenue is recognized over the period in which the installations are completed. Hosted Services Revenue 

 Hosted services revenue primarily consists of monthly subscription revenue generated from fees that provide customers access to one or more of the Company s proprietary software applications including access controls, asset monitoring and related services. These subscription arrangements have contractual terms ranging from to and include recurring fixed plan subscription fees. Arrangements with customers do not provide the customer with the right to take possession of the Company s software at any time. Customers are granted continuous access to the services over the contractual period. Accordingly, fees collected for subscription services are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term beginning on the date the subscription service is made available to the customer. Variable consideration is immaterial. Also included in hosted services revenue are non-distinct Hub Devices. The Company considers those devices and hosting services subscription a single performance obligation and therefore defers the recognition of revenue for those devices upon shipment to the customer. The revenue is then amortized over its average service life. When a non-distinct Hub Device is included in a contract that does not require a long-term service commitment, the customer obtains a material right to renew the service because purchasing a new device is not required upon renewal. If a contract contains a material right, proceeds are allocated to the material right and recognized over the period of benefit, which is generally . 

of research and development costs in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, of which is remaining to be amortized. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of amortization expense related to capitalized software was recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 , and of advertising expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 operating segment and reportable segment as its chief operating decision maker, who is its Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The Company s principal operations are in the United States and the Company s long-lived assets are located primarily within the United States. The Company held and of assets outside the United States at December 31, 2022 , and 2021, respectively. 
 ASU No. 2019-12 effective , which did t have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements . In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ASU 2021-08 ). Upon the adoption of this update, contract assets and contract liabilities (i.e., deferred revenue) acquired in a business combination will be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers as if the acquirer had originated the contracts, which would generally result in an acquirer recognizing and measuring acquired contract assets and contract liabilities consistent with how they were recognized and measured in the acquiree s financial statements. The Company ASU 2021-08 on , prior to the acquisition of iQuue and SightPlan. Therefore, iQuue's and SightPlan s historical deferred revenue balances, as of their respective acquisition dates, have been included in the purchase price allocations in accordance with ASU 2021-08. 

- 

- 

Restricted cash 
 
 Level 1 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

The Company reports the current portion of restricted cash as a separate item in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the non-current portion is a component of other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Acquisition earnout payment 
 
 Level 3 

Total liabilities 

The Company reports the current portion of the acquisition earnout payment as a component of other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the non-current portion is a component of other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Earnout payments related to acquisitions are measured at fair value each reporting period using Level 3 unobservable inputs. 

- 

Fair value of earnout payment recorded in connection with the iQuue acquisition 

- 

Change in fair value of earnout 

- 

Balance at end of period 

in the fair value of the earnout due to changes to discount and volatility rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 and therefore, recorded this adjustment in general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. See Note 13 for more information regarding the earnout payment. 

Volatility 

International 

Total revenue 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue by type 

Hardware 

Professional services 

Hosted services 

Total revenue 

Remaining Performance Obligations Advance payments received from customers are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized upon the completion of related performance obligations over the period of service. Advance payments for non-distinct Hub Devices are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized over its average in-service life. Advance payments received from customers for subscription services are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized over the term of the subscription. 

Revenue recognized from balance of deferred revenue at the beginning of the period 

() 

() 

Revenue deferred during the period 

Revenue recognized from revenue originated and deferred during the period 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue balance as of December 31 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to recognize of its total deferred revenue within the next , of its total deferred revenue between 13 and 36 months , between 37 and 60 months . Any deferred revenue expected to be recognized beyond five years is immaterial. Contracts may contain termination for convenience provisions that allow the Company, customer, or both parties the ability to terminate for convenience, either at any time or upon providing a specified notice period, without a substantive termination penalty. Included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 are of prepaid fees related to contracts with termination for convenience provisions which are refundable at the request of the customer. Based on the Company's historical experience, customers do not typically exercise their termination for convenience rights. Deferred cost of revenue includes all direct costs includ ed in cost of revenue that have been deferred to future periods. 

Raw Materials 

Total inventory 

The Company writes-down inventory for any excess or obsolete inventories or when the Company believes the net realizable value of inventories is less than the carrying value. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded write-downs of , and , respectively. 

Other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid expenses decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 from the previous year, partially due to of impairment related to prepaid licenses which the Company determined had no future value. Asset impairment is recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

Leasehold improvements 

Warehouse and other equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense on all property, plant and equipment was , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

() 

- 

Developed technology 

() 

- 

Trade name 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Total intangible assets, net 

() 

- 

Amortization expense on all intangible assets was for the year ended December 31, 2022 . There was amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020, as the assets were acquired on December 31, 2021 or thereafter. Accumulated amortization on all intangible assets was as of December 31, 2022 . There was accumulated amortization as of December 31, 2021 . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Capitalized software costs 

- 

Restricted cash, long-term portion 

Other long-term assets 

Total other long-term assets 

Amortization expense on capitalized software costs was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss . amortization expense was recorded related to capitalized software costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. Additionally, the Company recorded impairment of related to a note receivable within other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Impairment is recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

Accrued expenses 

Warranty allowance 

Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Senior Revolving Facility with a term (the Senior Revolving Facility ). The Senior Revolving Facility includes a letter of credit sub-facility in the aggregate availability of as a sublimit of the Senior Revolving Facility, and a swingline sub-facility in the aggregate availability of as a sublimit of the Senior Revolving Facility. Proceeds from the Senior Revolving Facility are to be used for general corporate purposes. Amounts borrowed under the Senior Revolving Facility may be repaid and, prior to the Senior Revolving Facility maturity date, reborrowed. The Senior Revolving Facility terminates on the Senior Revolving Facility maturity date in , when the principal amount of all advances, the unpaid interest thereon, and all other obligations relating to the Senior Revolving Facility shall be immediately due and payable. The Company has yet to draw on the Senior Revolving Facility as of December 31, 2022. The Company accounted for the cancellation of its previous revolving facility and the issuance of the Senior Revolving Facility as an exchange with the same creditor. As a result, all costs related to entering into the Senior Revolving Facility that are allowed to be deferred are recorded as a deferred asset and included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These costs totaled and will be amortized ratably over the five-year term of the Senior Revolving Facility. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, of amortization expense in connection with these costs, which is a component of interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. such expenses were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020. Interest rates for draws upon the Senior Revolving Facility are determined by whether the Company elects a secured overnight financing rate loan SOFR Loan or alternate base rate loan ABR Loan ). For SOFR Loans, the interest rate is based upon the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR as published by the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) plus , subject to a floor of , plus an applicable margin. For ABR Loans, the interest rate is based upon the highest of (i) the Prime Rate, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus , or (iii) , plus an applicable margin. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable margins for SOFR Loans and ABR Loans under the Senior Revolving Facility were and , respectively. In addition to paying interest on the outstanding principal balance under the Senior Revolving Facility, the Company is required to pay a facility fee to the lender in respect of the unused commitments thereunder. The facility fee rate is based on the daily unused amount of the Senior Revolving Facility and is one fourth of one percent per annum based on the unused facility amount. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the facility fee totaled . There were facility fees recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. The Senior Revolving Facility also requires the Company, on a consolidated basis with its subsidiaries, to maintain a minimum cash balance. If the minimum cash balance is not maintained, the Company is required to maintain a minimum liquidity ratio. If an event of default occurs, the lender is entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Revolving Facility and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued, the Company believes it was in compliance with all financial covenants. The Senior Revolving Facility is collateralized by first priority or equivalent security interests in substantially all the property, rights, and assets of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding principal amount under the Senior Revolving Facility. In August 2019, Legacy SmartRent entered into a loan and security agreement for a Credit Facility. The Credit Facility provided of borrowing capacity and consisted of a Revolving Facility, which originally matured in , but was extended to , and a Term Loan Facility, with a maturity date of . . Thereafter, and continuing through the Term Loan Facility maturity date, the Term Loan Facility was subject to equal monthly payments of principal plus accrued interest. Proceeds from the Credit Facility were used for general corporate purposes. In connection with the Credit Facility, the Company issued warrants (see Note 7) to purchase Legacy SmartRent s common stock, which were subsequently exercised on September 7, 2021 pursuant to a cashless exercise and resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. At the time of issuance, the fair value of the warrants was recorded as additional paid-in capital with a reduction to the carrying value of the Term Loan Facility. The resulting discount from outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan Facility was amortized using the effective interest rate method over the periods to maturity. Amortization of this discount is recorded as interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss and Comprehensive Loss. In December 2021, the Credit Facility was cancelled upon the repayment in full of the Term Loan Facility principal and accrued interest. The repayment of the Term Loan Facility was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt. 

 shares of par value preferred stock. As discussed in Note 1, the Company has retroactively adjusted the shares issued and outstanding prior to August 24, 2021 to give effect to the Exchange Ratio to determine the number of shares of Common Stock into which they were converted. Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy SmartRent had shares of par value Series Seed, Series A, Series B, Series B-1, Series C, and Series C-1 preferred stock outstanding, all of which were convertible into shares of common stock of Legacy SmartRent on a , subject to certain anti-dilution protections. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the outstanding shares of preferred stock were converted into shares of Common Stock of the Company based on the Exchange Ratio of approximately . 

September 2018 
 
 A 

May 2019 
 
 B-1 

May 2019 
 
 B 

March 2020 
 
 C-1 

March - May 2020; March 2021 
 
 C 

During the year ended December 31, 2021 , Legacy SmartRent issued an additional shares of Series C preferred stock through two tranches that closed in February and March 2021. The Series C preferred stock was issued in exchange for gross cash proceeds. Expenses in connection with the issuance of the Series C preferred stock were , resulting in net cash proceeds of . Warrants In February 2021, Legacy SmartRent issued warrants to purchase Legacy SmartRent s common stock as consideration to certain customers. As part of the Business Combination on August 24, 2021, these warrants converted to warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at per share pursuant to the Exchange Ratio and remain outstanding. The warrants are exercisable upon issuance until their expiration in February 2031 or earlier upon redemption. The number of warrants issued to these customers is dependent on the number of installed units, as defined by the warrant agreements, purchased by the customer. The fair value of the vested portion of the warrants has been recorded as additional paid in capital and contra-revenue on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, the Company recorded and , as contra-revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss related to these warrants. contra-revenue was recorded in connection with these warrants during the year ended December 31, 2020. In April 2020, in connection with the closing of the second tranche of the Series C preferred stock, Legacy SmartRent issued a warrant to purchase common stock to an investor who participated in the second tranche closing. The warrant represents compensation paid for marketing services to be provided and was accounted for using stock-based compensation guidance. The warrant vests based on the number of installed units attained over a measurement period, which expires in April 2023 . The variability in the units earned was determined to be a performance condition and did not require classification of the warrant as a liability. Upon vesting, the warrant holder is entitled to purchase fully paid and non-assessable shares of Legacy SmartRent s common stock at per share, subject to adjustment pursuant to the warrant. The Company measured the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes-Merton model. As part of the Business Combination on August 24, 2021, these warrants converted to warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant the Exchange Ratio. The remaining warrants fully vested during the three months ended March 31, 2022. The warrants were exercised during the three months ended June 30, 2022. The Company recorded the associated marketing expense over the service period as the units were installed with an offset to additional paid-in-capital. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, the Company recognized and of sales and marketing expens e related to these warrants. expenses related to these warrants were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020. In August 2019, in connection with the Credit Facility (Note 6), Legacy SmartRent issued warrants to purchase common stock of Legacy SmartRent to the lender. The warrants were exercisable upon issuance until their expiration in August 2029 or earlier upon redemption. The holder of the warrants, together with any successor or permitted assignee or transferee, was entitled to purchase fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Legacy SmartRent s common stock at per share, subject to adjustment pursuant to the warrant. The fair value of the warrants has been recorded as additional paid in capital and a reduction to the carrying value of the Term Loan Facility. The resulting discount from outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan Facility was being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the periods to maturity. Amortization of this discount was recorded as interest expense. The warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021 as discussed above (Note 6). In March 2019, Legacy SmartRent issued a warrant to purchase common stock to the purchaser of a convertible note. The warrant represented compensation paid for marketing services to be provided and was accounted for using stock-based compensation guidance. The warrant vested based on the number of installed units attained over a measurement period, which expired in March 2021. The variability in the units earned was determined to be a performance condition and did not require classification of the warrant as a liability. Upon vesting, the warrant holder was entitled to purchase up to fully paid and non-assessable shares of Legacy SmartRent s common stock at per share, subject to adjustment pursuant to the warrant. The Company measured the fair value of the warrant using the Black-Scholes-Merton model. The Company recorded the associated marketing expense over the service period as the units were installed with an offset to additional paid-in-capital. These warrants were exercised by the holder in March 2021, which resulted in shares of common stock being issued by Legacy SmartRent. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , sales and marketing expense related t o these warrants was recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized of sales and marketing expense related to these warrants in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

 from the date of grant and become vested and exercisable over a period. All options are subject to certain provisions that may impact these vesting schedules. As part of the Business Combination on August 24, 2021, all awards issued under the 2018 Stock Plan were assumed by the Company and converted to options to purchase Common Stock and RSUs for Common Stock using the Exchange Ratio. 

- 

Granted 
 
 - 

- 

Forfeited 
 
 - 

- 

December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 
 () 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

December 31, 2022 

Exercisable options as of December 31, 2022 

Amendment to the 2018 Stock Plan In April 2021, the board of directors of Legacy SmartRent executed a unanimous written consent to provide an additional incentive to certain employees of Legacy SmartRent by amending the 2018 Stock Plan to allow for the issuance of RSUs and granted a total of RSUs to certain employees which vest over . The estimated fair value for each RSU issued was approximately per share and the total stock-based compensation expense to be amortized over the vesting period is . As part of the Business Combination on August 24, 2021 these RSUs were assumed by the Company and converted to RSUs at a per share fair value of pursuant to the Exchange Ratio. The outstanding RSUs also contain a liquidity event vesting condition which was satisfied upon closing of the Business Combination. Accordingly, the Company recognized an additional one-time stock-based compensation expense of in August 2021 as a retroactive catch-up of cumulative stock-based compensation expense for such awards from their original grant dates. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation expense of and , respectively, was recognized in connection with the outstanding options. During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was stock-based compensation expense related to the options. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan In connection with the Business Combination, the board of directors approved and implemented the SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to enhance the Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make, or are expected to make, important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities and equity-linked compensation opportunities. The 2021 Plan authorizes the compensation committee to provide incentive compensation in the form of stock options, restricted stock and stock units, performance shares and units, other stock-based awards and cash-based awards. Under the 2021 Plan, the Company is authorized to issue up to shares of common stock. As part of the Business Combination on August 24, 2021, the RSUs granted in the 2018 Stock Plan were assumed by the Company and converted to restricted stock units pursuant to the Exchange Ratio. Non-employee board member RSUs will vest either over or . The RSUs granted to employees are generally subject to a vesting schedule and all vesting shall be subject to the recipient s continued employment with the Company or its subsidiaries through the applicable vesting dates. I n November 2021, the Company granted RSUs to certain executives pursuant to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. These RSUs had a fair value of at the time of the grant and will vest over . 

Granted - post-merger 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested or distributed 
 
 () 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

December 31, 2022 

No right to any Common Stock is earned or accrued until such time that vesting occurs, nor does the grant of the RSU award confer any right to continue vesting or employment. Compensation expense associated with the unvested RSUs is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, stock-based compensation expense of and wa s recognized in connection with the vesting of all RSUs. During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs. At December 31, 2022, of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Company has the ability to initially issue up to shares of Common Stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), subject to annual increases effective as of January 1, 2022 and each subsequent January 1 through and including January 1, 2030 in an amount equal to the smallest of (i) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding as of the immediately preceding December 31, (ii) shares or (iii) such amount, if any, as the Board may determine. During the year ended December 31, 2022, stock-based compensation expense of was re cognized in connection with the ESPP. expense related to the ESPP was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. Stock-Based Compensation options granted during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2020 

Risk free interest 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (years) 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, stock-based compensation expense of , and was recognized for shares granted in connection with the Company's February 2020 acquisition of a foreign supplier and are recorded as a component of general and administrative expense. As part of the Business Combination on August 24, 2021, these shares converted into shares pursuant to the Exchange Ratio. 

State and local 

- 

- 

Current provision 

Federal 

() 

- 

- 

Foreign 

() 

() 

State and local 

() 

- 

- 

Deferred (benefit) provision 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

State rate net of fed benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

SPAC transaction costs 

Stock compensation 

Permanent adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred Adjustments 

() 

Other 

Effective Tax Rate 

() 

Tax effects of temporary differences can give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. 

State NOLs 

Deferred revenue 

Capitalized R D 

- 

Other deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax asset 

IRC 481(a) Adjustment 

() 

() 

Deferred costs of revenue 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

- 

Other deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. As a result of historical cumulative losses, Management determined that, based on all available evidence, there was substantial uncertainty as to whether it will recover recorded net federal and state deferred taxes in future periods. Therefore, a valuation allowance equal to the amount of the net federal and state deferred tax assets was provided at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net valuation allowance increased by from to in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has gross NOLs of million and million for federal and state income tax return purposes, respectively. Federal NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely, while State NOLs will expire between and . The Company also has million of R D credits available that expire in . The Tax Reform Act of 1986 (the Act provides for a limitation of the annual use of the net operating loss carryforwards following certain ownership changes (as defined by the Act and codified under IRC 382) that could limit the company's ability to utilize these carryforwards. Should the limitation apply, the related net operating loss and Section 163(j) deferred tax assets and the valuation allowance would be reduced by the same amount. The Company has not performed a Section 382 analysis. The Company recorded net deferred tax liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the acquisition of SightPlan. Those net deferred tax liabilities provide a source of taxable income to offset future tax deductions from deferred tax assets, and as a result, management reduced the valuation allowance by during the year ended December 31, 2022 (Note 13). The income tax benefit on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss is primarily related to the valuation allowance release due to deferred tax liabilities from the SightPlan acquisition. We have established a full valuation allowance for net deferred U.S. federal and state tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards. We expect to maintain this valuation allowance until it becomes more likely than not that the benefit of our federal and state deferred tax assets will be realized in future periods if we report taxable income. We believe that we have established an adequate allowance for our uncertain tax positions, although we can provide no assurance that the final outcome of these matters will not be materially different. To the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA (H.R. 5376) was signed into law in the United States. The IRA implements a minimum tax on financial statement income of certain large corporations and a excise tax on stock repurchases, among other things. While the Company continues to evaluate the IRA, it does not believe it will have a material effect on its audited financial statements, including on its effective tax rate or on its liquidity. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions, as well as in Croatia and India. The Company is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax examinations by authorities for all tax years beginning in 2018, due to the accumulated net operating losses that are carried forward. Similarly, SightPlan is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax examination by authorities for all tax years beginning in 2012. The Company is subject to Croatian income tax examinations for all tax years beginning in 2017. The Company is subject to Indian income tax examinations for all tax years beginning in 2019. The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions which requires significant judgments and estimates regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets, the likelihood of the outcome of examinations of tax positions that may or may not be currently under review and potential scenarios involving settlements of such matters. A summary of changes in the Company's gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands): 

- 

Gross increases - tax positions in prior period 

- 

Gross decreases - tax positions in prior period 

- 

- 

Gross increases - tax positions in current period 

Settlement 

- 

- 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

- 

- 

Unrecognized tax benefits - December 31 

The total balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 would not impact the effective tax rate if recognized, as the Company is in a full valuation allowance and the unrecognized tax benefit is a deferred tax asset. The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefit as a component of income tax expense. The Company has t accrued penalties and interest as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects the unrecognized tax benefits to reverse in full within the next 12 months. 

Common stock options and restricted stock units 

Common stock warrants 

Shares subject to repurchase 

Total 

, and in connection with the vesting of warrants held by an investor. The Company incurred consulting expense of included in research and development expenses for the year December 31, 2022, related to services provided by companies in which one of the Company's executives have control or significant influence. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred consulting expenses from these companies of and , respectively. On March 22, 2022, the Company purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of SightPlan (see Note 13) . One of the Company's directors, through a personal investment vehicle, held an unsecured convertible promissory note in SightPlan (the SightPlan Convertible Note ). As consideration for the conversion and cancellation of the SightPlan Convertible Note, the director received at the closing of the SightPlan acquisition. The director did not participate in any negotiations, recused himself from all board discussions related to the SightPlan acquisition, and did not vote on the matter. Entities affiliated with RETV Management, LLC RET ), which currently hold more than of the outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock, held more than of th e fully diluted shares outstanding of SightPlan (the RET SightPlan Holdings ). As consideration for the RET SightPlan Holdings, entities affiliated with RET received at the closing of the SightPlan acquisition. None of the Company's executive officers or directors hold any economic interest in RET and RET does not have a designee on the Company's board of directors. Further, RET did not assist the Company with any negotiations or participate in the Company's board discussions related to the SightPlan acquisition. 

years to years . In addition to monthly rent payments, the Company reimburses the lessors for its share of operating expenses as defined in the leases. Such amounts are not included in the measurement of the lease liability but are recognized as a variable lease expense when incurred. extension . The Company does not intend to exercise this extension option. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company obtained and of ROU assets, respectively, in exchange for lease obligations in connection with its operating leases. No new leases were entered into during the year ended December 31, 2020. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. The Company s weighted average discount rate was at December 31, 2022. The weighted-average lease term was years, years and years at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the years ended, and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company had no finance leases. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company incurred rent and other related occupancy expenses of , and , respectively. Included in these amounts are , and , respectively, of variable rent expense which is comprised primarily of the Company s proportionate share of operating expenses, properly classified as lease cost due to the Company s election to not separate lease and non-lease components. Rent costs are recorded to cost of revenue and general and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liability 

Less: Lease liability, current portion 

Lease liability, noncurrent 

The Company had and of ROU assets related to its lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The noncurrent portion of the Company s lease liability is included in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The current portion of the Company's lease liability is included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Sales Taxes The Company determined that it was required to pay sales and use tax in various jurisdictions. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a liability of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. There are penalties and interest included in the balance at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Legal Matters The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Liabilities are accrued when it is believed that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and that the Company can reasonably estimate the amount of the potential loss. The Company does not believe that the outcome of these proceedings or matters will have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. The Company entered into an agreement with a supplier in April 2020, as further amended in March 2021, to purchase minimum volumes of certain products through August 2022. Due to significant failure rates and other defects, the Company ceased ordering product from this supplier as of December 2020. Despite the Company s requests, the supplier indicated they are not willing to refund the Company for the malfunctioning products previously purchased, and therefore, the Company filed a complaint against the supplier on March 22, 2022 in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of Santa Clara. On July 26, 2022, the supplier filed a demurrer seeking to dismiss the complaint filed by the Company as well as a cross-complaint against the Company for breach of contract and other allegations. The Company denies the allegations in the supplier s complaint and does not believe it has any further commitment to the supplier. On October 18, 2022, the supplier s demurrer was overruled, in part, thus allowing the Company s claims against the supplier to move forward. In addition, the Company filed a demurrer to supplier s cross-complaint on October 31, 2022. The parties are now engaging in discovery. The Company regularly reviews outstanding legal claims, actions and enforcement matters, if any exist, to determine if accruals for expected negative outcomes of such matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates any such outstanding matters based on management s best judgment after consultation with counsel. There is no assurance that the Company's accruals for loss contingencies will not need to be adjusted in the future. The amount of such adjustment could significantly exceed the accruals the Company has recorded. The Company had such accruals as of December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

77 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 . SightPlan was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Orlando, Florida. SightPlan is a SaaS company that provides a real estate operating platform offering automated answering, resident engagement, field service and maintenance management, inspections management, and due diligence and audit management services to real estate owners and managers. The Company accounted for the SightPlan acquisition as a business combination. The preliminary purchase price consisted of of cash and restricted cash and a post-closing downward adjustment of reflecting the difference between estimated and actual net working capital of SightPlan on the acquisition date. On the acquisition date, the Company paid cash consideration of and placed in escrow accounts legally owned by the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , consideration held in escrow of was distributed. As part of the distribution, the net working capital adjustment of was returned to the Company. As part of the business combination, the Company agreed to pay up to approximately to the former employees of SightPlan on the anniversary of the acquisition date, subject to continued employment at the Company. As this payment is contingent upon the continuous service of the employees, it is accounted for as post-combination expense and will be recognized ratably over the service period of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded t o general and administrative expenses on the Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss and to other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in connection with this contingent consideration. The Company deposited cash in escrow on the acquisition date for this obligation. The escrow deposit is classified as restricted cash, current portion. The fair value and allocation of the business combination are preliminary, are based upon management s best estimates and assumptions, and are subject to future revision. The Company will finalize these amounts no later than one year from the acquisition date once it obtains the information necessary to complete the measurement process. Any changes resulting from facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date may result in adjustments to the preliminary amounts disclosed above which may impact the reported results in the period those adjustments are identified. 

Cash consideration held in escrow 

Net working capital adjustment 

() 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

Total identifiable net assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred tax liability Note 9 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable assets 

Goodwill 

Changes resulting from facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date resulted in measurement period adjustments to the estimated fair values of accounts receivable, net, intangible assets, other assets, deferred tax liability, and goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. Specifically, the refinement of inputs used to estimate the fair value of intangible assets resulted in an increase in customer relationships of , a decrease in goodwill of , and an increase in the deferred tax liability of . The increase to the deferred tax liability caused an increase to the release of the valuation allowance, generating a income tax benefit on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Changes to accounts receivable, net and other assets were immaterial. 

Cash acquired 
 
 () 

Cash consideration released from escrow 

Net working capital adjustment 
 
 () 

Payment of acquisition consideration, net of cash acquired 

The Company recognized approximately of compensation expense related to the SightPlan acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized of other non-recurring acquisition related costs that were expensed during the year ended December 31, 2022. Compensation and other non-recurring acquisition related costs and are included in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the assets acquired includes accounts receivable of . The gross amount due under contracts for accounts receivable is , substantially all of which is expected to be collected. The Company did not acquire any other class of receivable as a result of the acquisition of SightPlan. The aggregate purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the fair market value of such assets and liabilities at the date of acquisition. Intangible assets associated with the acquisition totaled and primarily related to customer relationships and developed technology. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired was recognized as goodwill and totaled . The goodwill is attributable primarily to the workforce of the acquired business and expected synergies with the Company s existing operations and is not deductible for income tax purposes. 

Customer relationships 

Developed technology 

Total intangible assets 

The valuation of intangible assets was determined using an income approach methodology. The fair value of the customer relationship intangible assets was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method based on discounted projected net cash flows associated with the net earnings attributable to the acquired customer relationships. The fair value of the trade name and the acquired developed technology was determined using the relief from royalty method, which measures the value by estimating the cost savings associated with owning the asset rather than licensing it. The income approach methodology involves estimating cash flows over the remaining economic life of the intangible assets, which are considered from a market participant perspective. Key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows included projected revenue growth rates and customer attrition rates. The projected future cash flows were discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate. As such, all aforementioned intangible assets were valued using Level 3 inputs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded amortization expense of related to intangible assets. There was such amortization expense recorded in the years end ed December 31, 2021 or 2020 as the acquisition occurred on March 22, 2022. These intangible assets are deductible over years for income tax purposes. Pro Forma Operating Results The Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022, and other financial statements presented herein for the year ended December 31, 2022 include the results of operations of SightPlan since the acquisition date. The following unaudited pro forma information presents consolidated financial information as if the SightPlan acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2020. Pro forma disclosures for net loss have not been provided as the acquisition did not have, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the consolidated results through the year of acquisition. 

iQuue Acquisition On December 31, 2021, the Company purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of iQuue, LLC. iQuue was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Altamonte Springs, Florida. iQuue is a SaaS company providing a smart home and smart building technology platform for property owners, managers, and residents in the multifamily industry. Backed by Samsung SmartThings, the iQuue technology platform is capable of integrating with any smart device. iQuue offerings include access control, door code management, managed WiFi, and professional installation. The Company accounted for the iQuue acquisition as a business combination. The preliminary purchase price consisted of of cash and restricted cash, estimated fair market value of in contingent consideration relating to earnout payments tied to the attainment of installed unit targets during the period of December 31, 2021 to June 30, 2025, and a Net Working Capital Adjustment of to be paid out 91 days after the acquisition date. On the acquisition date, the Company paid cash of , and placed in escrow accounts. As of December 31, 2022, the current escrow deposits are classified as Restricted cash, current portion in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company determines current or non-current classification based on the expected duration of the restriction. The maximum value of the earnout payments is . To the extent these are earned, they will be payable in cash on, or promptly after, the earnout period dates of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and June 30, 2025. The fair value of the earnout payments is determined using the Monte Carlo simulation model based on installed unit projections during the period of December 31, 2021 through June 30, 2025, implied revenue volatility, a risk-adjusted discount rate, and a credit spread. Each reporting period, the Company is required to remeasure the fair value of the earnout liability as assumptions change and such adjustments will be recorded as a general and administrative expense within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the earnout liability falls within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as a result of the unobservable inputs used for the measurement. The Company determined there was an increase of in the fair value of the earnout during the year ended December 31, 2022 and therefore, recorded the adjustment in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the earnout as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As part of the business combination, the Company agreed to pay up to approximately to the former shareholders of iQuue over the next , subject to the shareholders continued employment at the Company. As this payment is contingent upon the continuous service of the key employees, it is accounted for as post-combination compensation expense and is being recognized ratably over the service period of . The Company deposited cash in escrow on the acquisition date for this obligation. The current portion of the escrow deposit is classified as Restricted cash, current portion and the non-current portion is classified as a component of Other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of compensation expense in connection with this bonus. such compensation expense was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Contingent consideration 

Cash consideration held in escrow 

Net working capital adjustment 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Intangible assets 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total identifiable net assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable assets 

Goodwill 

The Company recognized approximately of compensation expense related to the iQuue acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022 . such compensation expense was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company recognized and of other non-recurring acquisition related costs that were expensed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Compensation and other non-recurring acquisition related costs are included in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the assets acquired includes accounts receivable of . The gross amount due under contracts for accounts receivable is , all of which is expected to be collected. The Company did not acquire any other class of receivable as a result of the acquisition of iQuue. The aggregate purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the fair market value of such assets and liabilities at the date of acquisition. Intangible assets associated with the acquisition totaled and primarily related to customer relationships. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired was recognized as goodwill and totaled . The goodwill is attributable primarily to the workforce of the acquired business and expected synergies with the Company s existing operations and is deductible over for income tax purposes. The Company recorded intangible assets at their fair value, which consisted of the following. 

Developed technology 

Total intangible assets 

The valuation of intangible assets was determined using an income approach methodology. The fair value of the customer relationship intangible assets was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method based on discounted projected net cash flows associated with the net earnings attributable to the acquired customer relationships. The fair value of the acquired developed technology was determined using the relief from royalty method, which measures the value by estimating the cost savings associated with owning the asset rather than licensing it. The income approach methodology involves estimating cash flows over the remaining economic life of the intangible assets, which are considered from a market participant perspective. Key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows included projected revenue growth rates and customer attrition rates. The projected future cash flows were discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate. As such, all aforementioned intangible assets were valued using Level 3 inputs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded amortization expense of related to intangible assets. There was such amortization expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 as the acquisition occurred on December 31, 2021. These intangible assets are deductible over for income tax purposes. The Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and other financial statements presented herein for the year ended December 31, 2022 include the results of operations of iQuue since the acquisition date. Pro forma disclosures have not been provided since the acquisition did not have, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the Company s results of operations. Zenith Acquisition In February 2020, Legacy SmartRent purchased all of the outstanding equity interests of Zenith which had previously been a vendor for Legacy SmartRent. The Company accounted for the Zenith acquisition as a business combination. The purchase price consisted of cash, promissory note consideration, common stock consideration, and related to settlement of preexisting relationships for a total purchase price of . The preexisting relationship related to prepaid inventory owned by the Company, with a corresponding deferred revenue balance recorded by Zenith. This preexisting relationship was settled on the acquisition date as an adjustment to the purchase price. The aggregate purchase price exceeded the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, and accordingly the Company recorded goodwill of . Additionally, Legacy SmartRent issued shares of common stock that vest annually over and of promissory notes to certain employees, contingent upon continued employment. These costs are recognized as post-combination compensation expenses as a component of general and administrative expense on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. In connection with the common stock issued with this transaction, the Company recorded , and of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As part of the Business Combination of August 24, 2021 these shares converted to shares pursuant to the Exchange Ratio. 

Promissory Note Consideration 

Stock Consideration 

Settlement of Preexisting Relationships 

Fair Value of Total Consideration Transferred 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

The Company recognized approximately of acquisition related costs that were expensed during the year ended December 31, 2020 and are included in general and administrative expenses. None of these costs were expensed during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible and intangible assets acquired has been recorded as Goodwill. The Company determined the intangible assets held by Zenith were not material to the acquisition and did not include them in the acquisition. The goodwill is attributable primarily to the workforce of the acquired business and expected synergies with the Company s existing operations and is not deductible for income tax purposes. The Company s consolidated balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 2022, and other financial statements presented herein for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include the results of operations of Zenith since the acquisition date. Revenue related to Zenith and included in amounts presented on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss are , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net income related to Zenith and included in amounts presented on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss are , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Pro forma disclosures have not been provided since the acquisition did not have, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the Company s results of operations. 

83 
 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 shares. In January 2023, the Board of Directors approved RSUs and Option awards to certain employees under the 2021 Equity Incentive Stock Plan. In February 2023, employees enrolled in the Company s ESPP purchased shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 

 84 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting for the period ended December 31, 2020 related to: (a) accounting for non-routine transactions; (b) the lack of consistent review of journal entries prior to their posting to the general ledger; and (c) the need to provide formal segregation controls over our information technology. These material weaknesses were due to us being a private company with limited resources and not having the necessary business processes, controls, and technical expertise to oversee our business processes and controls. 
 
 Based on the remediation efforts described below, weakness (a) as noted above, was fully remediated as of December 31, 2021, and weaknesses (b) and (c) have been fully remediated as of December 31, 2022. Remediation efforts include the following: 
 Adding experienced technical accounting personnel, and continuing to engage with external technical accounting consultants, to facilitate timely and accurate accounting for non-routine transactions; 

Expanded the team of experienced accounting personnel to allow for appropriate review of journal entries and general segregation of duties; 

Implemented new software tools to facilitate systematic processing and effective review of journal entries prior to entering in the general ledger; and, 

Partnered with external consultants specializing in public company control compliance, to assess and implement controls over financial and information technology processes. 

Notwithstanding the assessment that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective in prior periods, we believe we have employed supplementary procedures to ensure the financial statements contained in this Report fairly present in all material respects, our financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and results of operations and cash flows for the periods ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 This Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company's registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies or emerging growth companies. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the remediation efforts described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 85 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting have been designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 P ART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended December 31, 2022. 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 
 See Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the financial statements or the notes to those financial statements. 

86 

(a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 The documents set forth below are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated. 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and Legacy SmartRent. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 April 22, 2021 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2021, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and Legacy SmartRent. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 July 26, 2021 

3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 30, 2021 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 August 30, 2021 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 August 30, 2021 

4.2 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 March 25, 2022 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and certain equity holders of Legacy SmartRent named therein. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 August 30, 2021 

10.2 
 
 SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.13 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.3 
 
 SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.14 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.4 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 August 30, 2021 

10.5 
 
 Stock Option Agreement under the SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.12 
 
 August 30, 2021 

10.6 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among (i) SmartRent, Inc., (ii) the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party thereto, and (iii) Silicon Valley Bank, as the issuing lender, swingline lender, administrative agent, collateral agent for the lenders, and the lead arranger. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 13, 2021 

10.7 
 
 Sponsor Agreement, dated April 21, 2021, by and among the Company, its former officers and directors, Legacy SmartRent and the Sponsor. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 April 22, 2021 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.24 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.9 
 
 SmartRent.com, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Plan. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.12 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.10 
 
 Stock Option Agreement under the SmartRent.com, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 August 30, 2021 

10.11 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the SmartRent.com, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 August 30, 2021 

10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2021, by and between Legacy SmartRent and Lucas Haldeman. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.16 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2021, by and between Legacy SmartRent and Isaiah DeRose-Wilson. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.21 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2022, by and between SmartRent and Brian Roberts (filed herewith). 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2022, by and between SmartRent and Hiroshi Okamoto (filed herewith). 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2022, by and between SmartRent and Robyn Young (filed herewith). 

10.17 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of April 24, 2020 by and between Legacy SmartRent and RET Ventures SPV I, L.P. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.21 
 
 March 25, 2022 

10.18 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of February 4, 2021, by and between Legacy SmartRent and LEN FW Investor, LLC. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.22 
 
 March 25, 2022 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company (filed herewith). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP (filed herewith). 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature pages herein). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

87 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

99.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy of SmartRent, Inc., as amended and restated effective January 24, 2023 (filed herewith). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted exhibits or schedules upon request. 
 
 Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 88 

Signa tures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 8th day of March 2023. 

SmartRent, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Lucas Haldeman 

Lucas Haldeman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Hiroshi Okamoto 

Hiroshi Okamoto 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Lucas Haldeman and Hiroshi Okamoto, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: 

Signature 
 Capacity in Which Signed 
 Date 

/s/ Lucas Haldeman 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Lucas Haldeman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Hiroshi Okamoto 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 March 8, 2023 

Hiroshi Okamoto 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Alana Beard 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Alana Beard 

/s/ Robert Best 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Robert Best 

/s/ John Dorman 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

John Dorman 

/s/ Ann Sperling 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Ann Sperling 

/s/ Bruce Strohm 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Bruce Strohm 

/s/ Frederick Tuomi 
 Director 
 March 8, 2023 

Frederick Tuomi 

89 

<EX-10>
 2
 smrt-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 
 January 3, 2022 
 Brian Roberts 
 3501 E. Rose Lane 
 Paradise Valley, AZ 85253 
 Re. Employment Agreement 
 Dear Brian: 
 The following, when signed by you, shall constitute our agreement with respect to your employment with SmartRent, Inc. Company ). 
 1. Employment . Subject to the terms set forth herein, Company is offering you employment as Chief Legal Officer and, by signing below, you hereby accept such employment, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and contingent upon your agreement to and execution of Company s Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A . 

2. Duties . During your employment: (a) you shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or his designee, and you shall use your best efforts to perform all duties required of you in furtherance of your position or assigned to you by Company in furtherance of Company s (and its Affiliates business, which are commensurate with your position; (b) you shall diligently and faithfully devote your entire working time, energy and skill to the promotion of Company s (and its Affiliates business interests and to the performance of your duties under this Agreement; (c) you shall conduct yourself at all times so as to advance the best interests of Company and shall not undertake or engage in any other business affiliations which conflict with your duties or the interests of Company (or its Affiliates) or interfere with the performance of your services hereunder; and (d) you shall be governed by and be subject to all Company rules and regulations applicable to employees generally, and to employees at your organizational level. In this Agreement, Affiliates shall mean SmartRent, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. You will have such responsibilities as are customarily performed by a Chief Legal Officer of companies similarly situated to Company, as may be modified by Company. You understand and agree that your duties as Chief Legal Officer are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, which gives them special and peculiar value to Company. During your employment, upon request, you shall serve as an officer of one or more Affiliates of Company, and it is understood that such service shall be without further compensation than is provided for in this Agreement. However, Company agrees that in the event the duties required for any Affiliate shall result in a material increase in the scope of work contemplated by this Agreement, Company shall review your base salary and bonus. Your principal place of employment will be at Company s headquarters, in Scottsdale, Arizona. You will be required to travel as reasonably necessary for the performance of your duties. 

3. Term of Employment . 

A. At-Will Employment . The nature of the employment relationship between you and the Company is AT-WILL and may be terminated at any time by either you or the Company upon notice to the other, for any or no reason, with or without cause. Further, the Company can demote, transfer, suspend or otherwise discipline you in its sole discretion. Nothing contained in this Agreement, or in any 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 written or unwritten policies of the Company, including the Company s employee handbook, shall be construed to create any other term of employment or a requirement of cause for termination, demotion, or transfer. 

B. Term . The entire period of your employment shall be referred to herein as the Term . 

4. Compensation . 

A. Compensation . You shall receive annual base compensation of Four-Hundred-Thousand- Dollars 400,000.00), less applicable withholdings and taxes (the Base Salary ), payable in accordance with Company s regular payroll practices (currently, semi-monthly installments). Any increase to your annual Base Salary shall be made, in Company s sole discretion, based on an annual performance review and other financial considerations. 

B. Bonus . For each year of your initial Term, you will be eligible to earn an annual target bonus equal to 60 of Base Salary (or a prorated amount if you work less than the fiscal year during your first fiscal year of employment). The actual bonus amount that you earn shall be based on your performance and on the financial results of Company and shall be determined by Company in its sole discretion. You will be required to remain employed with Company in good standing through the end of the bonus earning period before any bonus is earned. Your annual bonus, to the extent earned, shall be paid concurrently with the payment of earned bonuses to other senior executives of Company generally, but in no event later than March 15th of the year following the fiscal year for which your annual bonus is earned. The annual target bonus for subsequent years, if any, will be determined by Company before the end of the first quarter of such year. 

C. Benefits . While you are employed hereunder, you shall be entitled to all standard Company benefits generally accorded to full time senior level employees of Company from time to time, including, but not limited to, group medical health and accident, group insurance and similar benefits, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable policy, plan or program. Company reserves the right to prospectively amend or terminate any such policy, plan or program, at any time, at its discretion. You are also eligible to participate in Company s 401K plan to the extent such plan is in existence and you meet the requirements for eligibility. 

5. Exclusivity . During your employment, Company is entitled to your undivided loyalty, and you may not transfer your loyalty to a competitor. This duty of loyalty is breached if you act against the best interests of Company. Accordingly, while employed by Company, you shall not compete with Company, or engage in or participate in any business that is in competition in any manner whatsoever with Company, in any capacity. Your employment with Company shall be full-time and exclusive, and unless approved by Company in its sole discretion, you will not render any services for other individuals or entities, or for your own account that are inconsistent with your duties under this Agreement. To the extent such activities do not interfere or conflict with the business of Company and its Affiliates, or the performance of your duties hereunder, you shall not be precluded from, on occasion, rendering services to charitable organizations. 

6. Exclusive Property . You agree that all Company-related customers and other business procured by you in the course and scope of your employment with Company, and all Company-related business opportunities and plans made known to you, while employed by Company, are and shall remain the permanent and exclusive property of Company. 

2 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 7. Travel and Entertainment Expenses . Company shall pay or reimburse you for reasonable business expenses actually incurred or paid by you in the performance of your authorized services hereunder, in accordance with Company s Business Expense Reimbursement policy, and upon presentation of satisfactory documentation (e.g., expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information) as Company may customarily require. 

8. Confidentiality . 

A. Confidentiality . Other than in good faith in connection with and furtherance of your authorized duties hereunder, you shall not at any time disclose or use any information relative to the activities of Company or its Affiliates, or cause or allow others to use or disclose such information, which is of a secret or confidential nature, including without limitation, business plans, financial information, contracts, contract proposals and negotiations, plan developments, customers and suppliers, administrative procedures, and dealings with any contractual person or party or other third party (collectively, Proprietary Information ). You will at all times maintain the confidentiality of the Proprietary Information. However, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit you from making statements that are truthful in any legal proceeding, or as otherwise required by law, or from discussing Proprietary Information, confidentially, with your legal advisor or accountant, for the limited purpose of obtaining legal or financial advice. Further, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit you from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any government agency or entity, making other disclosures that are protected under whistleblower provisions of law, or receiving an award or monetary recovery pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission s whistleblower program; you do not need prior authorization to make such reports or disclosures and are not required to notify the Company if the you have made or will make any such report or disclosure. 

B. You understand that the obligation of confidentiality, as summarized above and further detailed in the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement entered concurrently with this Agreement, is an essential and material term of this Agreement, and without your promise of confidentiality, this Agreement would not be entered. You understand that as a condition of this offer and of your continued employment with Company, you must enter into and at all times abide by the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement provided with this Agreement. 

9. Termination . 

A. Death . If your employment shall terminate due to your death, you (or your estate) shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the following: (1) accrued and unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination; (2) earned and unpaid bonus, if any; (3) all other payments and benefits you may be entitled to receive under the terms of any applicable employee benefit plan or program of Company in which you participate, if any, and any earned, unused vacation pay that has accrued to that date and is payable under Company s standard policies or under and in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plan; and (4) reimbursement for all actual and previously unreimbursed out-of-pocket business expenses properly incurred to the date of termination in accordance with Company s standard business expense reimbursement policies (collectively, the Accrued Amounts ). The Accrued Amounts shall be paid to your surviving spouse, if any, or otherwise to your estate, in a single lump sum payment within thirty (30) days of your death, or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, in accordance with applicable law. 

B. Disability . If you are prevented from performing your duties as called for by this Agreement because of physical or mental incapacity or other disability (a Disability after you have been provided all legally required leaves of absence and reasonable accommodations, then Company shall have 

3 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 the right to terminate your employment and shall give written notice to you regarding same. It is contemplated that such termination would generally occur if you are unable to work for more than a continuous period of twelve (12) weeks, or for shorter periods aggregating more than ninety (90) days in any consecutive twelve (12) month period. If your employment shall terminate due to your Disability, you shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the Accrued Amounts. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 9(A), the Accrued Amounts shall be paid to you in a single lump sum payment on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. 

C. Termination Without Cause . 

i. If Company terminates your employment within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control (as defined below) other than due to your death, Disability, or for Cause (as defined below), you shall receive the Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law, and, in addition, subject to the Severance Conditions below, Company shall provide to you: (1) a severance payment equal to six (6) months of your Base Salary as of the termination date (the Severance Payment ), divided and paid in equal installments over a period of six (6) months in accordance with Company s regular payroll practices starting on the first regular payday occurring after the effective date of the Release (as defined below), but in any event no later than ninety (90) days following the termination date, except that if such ninety (90) day period spans two (2) calendar years, then payment of any portion of the Severance Payment which constitutes deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A (as defined below) shall in any event begin in the second such calendar year; (2) an amount sufficient to reimburse you for the premiums required to continue employee s group health care coverage for a period of six (6) months under the application provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), provided that you elect to continue and remain eligible for these benefits under COBRA, and do not obtain health coverage through another employer during this period, and provided further that you are in full compliance with your obligations under the Company s Confidential Separation Agreement; and (3) immediate vesting of equity grants made to you pursuant to the SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Stock Plan (the Plan (collectively, the Severance Benefits ). Company s obligation to provide you the Severance Benefits shall be conditioned on your satisfaction of the following (the Severance Conditions ): (1) you must first sign, and allow to become effective, Company s Confidential Separation Agreement, which shall include a full general release in a form acceptable to Company, releasing all claims, known or unknown, that you may have against Company arising out of or any way related to your employment or termination of employment with Company (the Release ), and the Release must become effective in accordance with its terms on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of termination; and (2) on or before the effective date of the Release you must have (i) reconfirmed your agreement to abide by all of the surviving provisions of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement; (ii) agreed to cooperate in the transition of your employment; and (iii) agreed not to make any voluntary statements, written or oral, or cause or encourage others to make any such statements that defame or disparage the Company or any of the Affiliates. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 

ii. If Company terminates your employment without Cause or not within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control, you shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the Accrued Amounts. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 9(A), the Accrued Amounts shall be paid to you in a single lump sum payment on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 

4 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 D. Termination for Cause . Company shall have the right at any time, upon written notice to you, to terminate your employment immediately for Cause. If Company terminates your employment for Cause, you shall have no right to receive any further compensation other than the Accrued Amounts. In the event that Company terminates your employment for Cause, Company shall pay you your Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. 

As used herein, Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the Plan. 
 As used herein, Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the Plan. 
 E. Your Resignation . If you resign your employment for Good Reason, as defined below, within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control, you will be entitled to the Severance Benefits, contingent on your compliance with the Severance Conditions. If you resign your employment without Good Reason, Company shall pay you your Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 

As used herein, Good Reason shall mean, without your written consent, (a) the material diminution or variation of any of your material duties or responsibilities or the engagement by Company of unlawful employment practices with respect to you, in each case, without the same being corrected within thirty (30) days after being given written notice thereof by you, (b) a material reduction in your Base Salary, or (c) a breach by the Company of this Agreement without the same being corrected within thirty (30) days after being given written notice thereof by you. 
 F. No Further Obligations . The amounts and benefits provided for in this Section 9 shall be in lieu of any termination or severance payments or benefits for which you may be eligible or entitled, now or in the future, under any of the plans, policies, or programs of Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates. In addition, the amounts and benefits provided for in this Section 9 shall be inclusive of all statutory severance payable or otherwise provided to you in relation to your employment by Company and the termination of your employment under this Agreement and compensation for all required notice periods. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Section 9, from and after the date of such termination, you shall (i) have no right to receive any further compensation (including Base Salary or Bonus) hereunder, and, (ii) except to the extent required by law, cease to be covered under or be permitted to actively participate in any benefits plans or programs. 

G. Resignation from Officer and Director Positions . If your employment with Company terminates for any reason, you shall be deemed to have resigned at that time from any and all positions that you may have held with Company or any of its Affiliates, as designated by Company, or any other positions that you held on behalf of Company. If, for any reason, this Section 9G is deemed insufficient to effectuate such resignation, following a reasonable opportunity to review, you hereby authorize Company to execute any documents or instruments consistent herewith which Company may deem necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignation or resignations, and to act as your attorney-in-fact. Company will provide you with a copy of such documents. 

10. Notices . 

All notices and other communications required by this Agreement must be in writing, given by hand delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier, facsimile (with electronic confirmation of receipt 
 5 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 and a copy sent by nationally recognized overnight courier) or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. Notices shall be sent to the following addresses (or such other address as a party may specify by like notice): 

If to you, at the address set forth above. If to Company: 18835 N. Thompson Peak Parkway, Suite 300 Scottsdale, AZ 85255 with a copy to: DLA Piper LLP (US) Attn: Kevin E. Criddle 2525 E. Camelback Rd., Suite 1000 Phoenix, AZ 85016 

Notice shall be deemed given and delivered: (i) if delivered by hand or by facsimile, on the date delivered; (ii) if delivered by nationally-recognized overnight courier, one business day after entrusted to such courier service; or (iii) if delivered by registered or certified U.S. mail, five business days after entrusted to the U.S. postal service. As used herein, the term business day shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday in the State of Arizona. 
 11. Representations . 

You hereby represent and warrant that you are free to enter into and perform your duties under this Agreement, without any contractual restrictions with respect to any prior employers, entities, or otherwise, and that you will not use any confidential information of any prior employers or entities in performing your responsibilities hereunder. 
 Company hereby represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and all corporate acts and other proceedings required to be taken by Company to authorize the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement have been duly taken. 
 12. Section 409A . 

A. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement shall comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (collectively, Code Section 409A ), and, accordingly, all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. If you notify Company (with specificity as to the reason therefore) that you believe that any provision of this Agreement (or of any award of compensation, including equity compensation or benefits) would cause you to incur any additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A and Company after good faith review concurs with such belief or Company (without any obligation whatsoever to do so) independently makes such determination, Company shall, after consulting with you, reform such provision to try to comply with Code Section 409A through good faith modifications to the minimum extent reasonably appropriate to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. To the extent that any provision hereof is modified in order to comply with Code Section 409A, such modification shall be made in good faith and shall, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, 

6 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 maintain the original intent and economic benefit to you and Company of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Code Section 409A. In no event whatsoever shall Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on you by Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 

B. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits constituting deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination or termination of employment or like references shall mean separation from service. If you are deemed on the date of termination of your employment to be a specified employee , within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and using the identification methodology selected by Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then with regard to any payment or benefit that is required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of your separation from service or (ii) the date of your death. On the first day of the seventh (7th) month following the date of the your separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of your death, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 12 (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 

C. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Internal Revenue Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect, and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense occurred. 

D. If under this Agreement, an amount is to be paid in two (2) or more installments, for purposes of Code Section 409A, each installment shall be treated as a separate payment. 

E. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of Company. 

13. Additional Provisions . 

A. This Agreement, the Plan, and the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement and Employee Arbitration Agreement entered concurrently with this Agreement, constitutes the entire Agreement between you and Company with respect to your employment by Company and cannot be changed or terminated orally. No modification or waiver of any of the provisions of the Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom it is sought to be enforced. The parties obligations under this Agreement which are intended to be fulfilled post-employment 

7 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 shall survive the termination of your employment, including the applicable provisions of Sections 8 through 12, and shall remain in full force and effect for as long as required notwithstanding the termination of your employment for any reason. 

B. In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to allow enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the parties shall receive the benefits contemplated herein to the fullest extent permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the judgment of such court, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 

C. No failure on the part of either party to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or remedy. 

D. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon your heirs and personal representatives of your estate and the successors and permitted assigns of Company, regardless of any change in its business structure, whether through spinoff, merger, sale of stock or assets, or any other transaction or assignment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement is a personal services contract and, as such, you may not assign any of your duties or obligations hereunder. Company may not assign this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder other than to an Affiliate or to an entity which, by way of merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of the assets of Company becomes a successor to Company, so long as such successor assumes in writing Company s obligations hereunder (and Company agrees to deliver a copy to you of such assumption promptly following your request for such). For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Company shall include Company and, subject to the foregoing sentence, any of its successors and assigns. 

E. You have been advised to seek the advice of independent counsel concerning the execution of this Agreement. Your signature below indicates you have received such counsel as you deem appropriate or have waived your right to do so. 

F. The headings of the several Paragraphs of this Agreements have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way restrict or modify any the terms of provisions hereof. This Agreement has been drafted by legal counsel representing Company, but you have participated in the negotiation of its terms. Furthermore, you acknowledge that you have had an opportunity to review and revise the Agreement and have it reviewed by legal counsel, if desired, and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. 

G. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to conflicts of laws. Each party consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Phoenix, Arizona, if applicable, in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Any and all disputes, other than requests for injunctive relief by either party, will be resolved through binding arbitration consistent with the Employee Arbitration Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . 

H. This Agreement may be executed in one or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

8 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 
 
 [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

If the foregoing terms of this Agreement reflect our understanding and agreement, kindly sign this Agreement in the appropriate space below and return it to the undersigned, whereupon it will constitute an agreement between us. 

Sincerely, SmartRent, Inc. By: Name:	Lucas Haldeman Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 

Enclosures: Exhibit A - Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 
 Exhibit B Employee Arbitration Agreement 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 I have read the foregoing Agreement, including the Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement, in its entirety, have consulted my own legal counsel as I deem necessary, and by signing below, I accept the terms and conditions of employment described in this Agreement. 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED: Dated: By: Brian Roberts 

9 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

EXHIBIT A 
 Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment PIIA Agreement 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

This Agreement sets forth in writing certain understandings and procedures applicable to my employment with SmartRent, Inc. Company ), and these understandings and procedures apply from the date of my initial employment with Company (my Employment Date even if this Agreement is signed by me and Company after the Employment Date. 
 1. Duties . In return for the compensation and benefits now and hereafter paid or provided to me, I hereby agree to perform those duties for Company as Company may designate from time to time. During my employment with Company, I further agree that I will (i) devote my best efforts to the interests of Company, (ii) not engage in other employment or in any conduct that could either be in direct conflict with Company s interests or that could cause a material and substantial disruption to Company and (iii) otherwise abide by all of Company s policies and procedures, including the Employee Handbook, as they may be established and updated from time to time. Furthermore, I will not (a) reveal, disclose or otherwise make available to any unauthorized person any Company password or key, whether or not the password or key is assigned to me or (b) obtain, possess or use in any manner a Company password or key that is not assigned to me. I will use my best efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of any laptop or personal computer, peripheral device, cell phone, smartphone, personal digital assistant (PDA), software or related technical documentation that the Company issues to me. I will not input, load or otherwise attempt any unauthorized use of software in any Company computer or other device, whether or not the computer or device is assigned to me. I acknowledge and agree that nothing in this Agreement alters the at-will nature of my employment with the Company, and, as such, my employment with the Company can be terminated at any time for any or no reason by either me or the Company. 

2. Proprietary Information Definition . Proprietary Information means (a) any information that is confidential or proprietary, technical or non-technical information of Company, including for example and without limitation, information that is a Company Innovation or is related to any Company Innovations (as defined in Section 5 below), concepts, techniques, processes, methods, systems, designs, computer programs, source documentation, trade secrets, formulas, development or experimental work, work in progress, forecasts, proposed and future products, marketing plans, business plans, information about and the identities of customers and suppliers, employee information (such as compensation data and performance reviews except as related to my individual employment), competitive pricing and new business proposals, and any other nonpublic information that has commercial value and (b) any information Company has received from others that Company is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary, which may be made known to me by Company, a third party or otherwise that I may learn during my employment with Company. 

3. Ownership and Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information . All Proprietary Information and all worldwide patents (including, but not limited to, any and all patent applications, patents, continuations, continuation-in-parts, reissues, divisionals, substitutions, and extensions), copyrights, mask works, trade secrets and other worldwide intellectual property and other rights in and to the Proprietary Information are the property of Company, Company s assigns, Company s customers and Company s suppliers, as applicable. Subject to Section 14 (Defend Trade Secrets Act), I will not disclose any Proprietary Information to anyone outside Company, and I will use and disclose Proprietary Information to those inside Company only as necessary to perform my duties as an employee of Company. Nothing in this Agreement will limit my ability to provide truthful information to any government agency regarding potentially unlawful conduct or as otherwise required by law. If I have any questions as to whether information is Proprietary Information, or to whom, if anyone, inside Company any Proprietary Information may be disclosed, I will ask my manager at Company. 

4. Innovations Definition . In this Agreement, Innovations means all discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, inventions (whether or not protectable under patent laws), works of 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

authorship, information fixed in any tangible medium of expression (whether or not protectable under copyright laws), trade secrets, know-how, negative know-how, ideas (whether or not protectable under trade secret laws), mask works, trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress. 

5. Disclosure and License of Prior Innovations . I have listed on Exhibit A (Prior Innovations) attached hereto all Innovations relating in any way to Company s business or demonstrably anticipated research and development or business (the Company-Related Innovations ), that were conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me alone or jointly with others prior to my Employment Date and to which I retain any ownership rights or interest (these Company-Related Innovations are collectively referred to as the Prior Innovations ). I represent that I have no rights in any Company-Related Innovations other than those Prior Innovations listed in Exhibit A (Prior Innovations). If nothing is listed on Exhibit A (Prior Innovations), I represent that there are no Prior Innovations as of my Employment Date. I hereby grant to Company and Company s designees a royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to fully use, practice and exploit all patent, copyright, moral right, mask work, trade secret and other intellectual property rights relating to any Prior Innovations that I incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, in any Innovations that I, solely or jointly with others, create, derive, conceive, develop, make or reduce to practice within the scope of my employment with Company (the Company Innovations ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Prior Innovations in any Company Innovations without Company s prior written consent. 

6. Disclosure and Assignment of Company Innovations . I will promptly disclose and describe to Company all Company Innovations. I hereby do and will irrevocably assign to Company or Company s designee all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Company Innovations, which assignment operates automatically upon the conception of the Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations cannot be assigned by me to Company, I hereby grant to Company an exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to fully use, practice and exploit those non-assignable rights, title and interest, including, but not limited to, the right to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, have made, and have sold, the Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations can neither be assigned nor licensed by me to Company, I hereby irrevocably waive and agree never to assert the non-assignable and non-licensable rights, title and interest against Company, any of Company s successors in interest, or any of Company s customers. 

7. Future Innovations . I will disclose promptly in writing to Company all Innovations conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me during my employment with Company and for three (3) months thereafter, whether or not I believe the Innovations are subject to this Agreement, to permit a determination by Company as to whether or not the Innovations are or should be considered Company Innovations. Company will receive that information in confidence. 

8. Cooperation in Perfecting Rights to Company Innovations . I agree to perform, during and after my employment, all acts that Company deems necessary or desirable to permit and assist Company, at its expense, in obtaining and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world in the Company Innovations and all intellectual property rights therein as provided to Company under this Agreement. If Company is unable for any reason to secure my signature to any document required to file, prosecute, register or memorialize the assignment of any rights or application or to enforce any right under any Company Innovations as provided under this Agreement, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and Company s duly authorized officers and agents as my agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on my behalf and instead of me to take all lawfully permitted acts to further the filing, prosecution, registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance, and enforcement of rights under the Innovations, all 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. The foregoing is deemed a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 

9. Company Covenants . As a result of the relationship created or continued as a result of this Agreement, upon the execution of this Agreement by both parties, Company agrees to, and will, place me in a position of special trust, and it will provide me with: (a) Proprietary Information and access to such information; (b) specialized training, which may include self-study materials and course work, classroom training, on-line training, on the job training, and instruction as to Company s products, services, business relationships, and methods of operation; and (c) goodwill support such as expense reimbursements in accordance with Company s policies, Proprietary Information related to Company s current and prospective clients, customers, business associates, vendors, and suppliers, and contact and relationships with current and potential clients, customers, business associates, vendors, and suppliers to help me develop goodwill for Company. The foregoing is not contingent on my continued employment for any length of time, but is contingent on my full compliance with the restrictions in Section 10. 

10. Employee Covenants . I specifically acknowledge that the items described in Section 9 will be items that I have not previously been given and that I would not be given but for the execution of this Agreement. I agree not to, directly or indirectly, participate in the unauthorized use, disclosure, or conversion of any Proprietary Information. Specifically, but without limitation, I agree not to use Proprietary Information for my sole benefit, or for the benefit of any person or entity in any way that harms Company or diminishes the value of the Proprietary Information to Company. I also agree to use the specialized training, goodwill, and contacts developed with Company s customers/clients and contractors for the exclusive benefit of Company, and I agree not to use these items at any time in a way that would harm the business interests of Company. However, nothing in this Agreement prohibits me from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any government agency or entity, making other disclosures that are protected under whistleblower provisions of law, or receiving an award or monetary recovery pursuant to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s whistleblower program. I understand I do not need prior authorization to make such reports or disclosures and am not required to notify Company if I have made or will make any such report or disclosure. 

10.1 Goodwill with Customers . I acknowledge that Company has near permanent relationships with its customers and owns the goodwill in those relationships with customers that I will develop or maintain in the course and scope of my employment with Company. If I owned goodwill in a relationship with a customer on the Employment Date, I hereby assign any and all such goodwill to Company, and Company shall become the owner of such goodwill. 

10.2 Non-solicitation of Customers . In consideration of my employment with Company, as well as Company s covenants and promises set forth in Section 9 and elsewhere in this Agreement, I agree that while I am employed by Company and during the 12-month period immediately following the termination of my employment with Company, regardless of the reason for such termination (the Restricted Period ), I will not directly or indirectly solicit, cause to be solicited, assist, or otherwise be involved with the solicitation of, for purposes of providing Competitive Services, or in any way provide Competitive Services to, any persons or entities within the Restricted Territories who were customers of Company during the 12-month period preceding the end of my employment with Company and about which I received Proprietary Information or with whom I had personal contact during the period of my employment. For purposes of this Section, the term Competitive Services shall include any services or products provided by Company at the time of my separation from employment or in the 12-month period preceding the end of my employment, and the term Restricted Territories shall include the United States and any international locations in which I performed work services on behalf of the Company in the 12-month period preceding the end of my employment either in person or on a remote basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

understand and agree that nothing in this Section shall be construed to restrict my ability to engage in the practice of law or to create any restrictions that are not otherwise permitted under applicable law. 

10.3 Non-solicitation of Employees and Contractors . In consideration of my employment with Company, as well as Company s covenants and promises set forth in Section 9 and elsewhere in this Agreement, I agree that while I am employed by Company and during the Restricted Period (regardless of the reason for my termination), I will not solicit, encourage, or cause others to solicit or encourage any employees or independent contractors of Company to terminate their employment with Company. 

10.4 Acknowledgment . I acknowledge and agree that my services to be rendered to Company are of a special and unique character, that I will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to Company s business, its methods, and its strategies by virtue of my employment, and that the restrictive covenants and other terms and conditions of this Agreement are reasonable and reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Company, including Company s trade secrets and other Proprietary Information, and are ancillary to the enforceable promises between me and Company in the other sections of this Agreement as well as my employment with Company. I further acknowledge and agree that the observance of the covenants set forth herein will not cause me undue hardship nor will it unreasonably interfere with my ability to earn a livelihood either during or following my employment with Company. Further, the parties acknowledge that the foregoing restrictive covenants are essential elements of this Agreement, and that, but for my agreement to comply with such covenants, Company would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement. 

10.5 Tolling . I agree that if I violate any of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations in this Section 10, the Restricted Period shall be extended by one day for each day that I failed to comply with the restriction at issue. 

11. Early Resolution Conference and Invalid Provisions . This Agreement is understood to be clear and enforceable as written and is executed by the parties on that basis. However, should I later challenge any provision as unclear, unenforceable, or inapplicable as to any restricted activity in which I intend to engage, I will first notify Company in writing and meet with a representative of Company and a neutral mediator (if Company elects to retain one at its expense) to discuss resolution of any disputes between us. I will provide this notification at least 14 days before I engage in any activity that could foreseeably fall within any restriction set forth herein, and I understand and agree that any failure by me to comply with this requirement shall waive my right to challenge the reasonable scope, clarity, applicability, or enforceability of the Agreement and its restrictions at a later time. All rights of the parties will be preserved if the early resolution conference requirement is complied with, even if no agreement is reached at the conference. 

12. Return of Materials . At any time upon Company s request, and when my employment with Company is over, I will return all materials (including, without limitation, documents, drawings, papers, diskettes and tapes) containing or disclosing any Proprietary Information (including all copies thereof), as well as any keys, pass cards, identification cards, computers, printers, pagers, cell phones, smartphones, personal digital assistants or similar items or devices that Company has provided to me. I will provide Company with a written certification of my compliance with my obligations under this Section. 

13. No Violation of Rights of Third Parties . During my employment with Company, I will not (a) breach any agreement to keep in confidence any confidential or proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by me prior to my employment with Company or (b) disclose to Company, or use or induce Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

employer or any other third party. I am not currently a party, and will not become a party, to any other agreement that is in conflict, or will prevent me from complying, with this Agreement. 

14. Defend Trade Secrets Act . Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, I acknowledge that I shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, if I file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, I may disclose the trade secret to my attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if I file any document containing the trade secret under seal and do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

15. Survival . This Agreement (a) shall survive my employment by Company; (b) does not in any way restrict my right to resign or the right of Company to terminate my employment at any time, for any reason or for no reason; (c) inures to the benefit of successors and assigns of Company; and (d) is binding upon my heirs and legal representatives. 

16. Injunctive Relief . I agree that if I violate this Agreement, Company will suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which money damages are insufficient, and Company is entitled to injunctive relief, a decree for specific performance, and all other relief as may be proper (including money damages if appropriate), to the extent permitted by law, without the need to post a bond. 

17. Notices . Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when actually delivered; (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; (c) by facsimile transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission; (d) by email, effective (i) when the sender receives an automated message from the recipient confirming delivery or (ii) one hour after the time sent (as recorded on the device from which the sender sent the email) unless the sender receives an automated message that the email has not been delivered, whichever happens first, but if the delivery or receipt is on a day which is not a business day or is after 5:00 pm (addressee s time) it is deemed to be received at 9:00 am on the following business day; or (e) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notices to me shall be sent to any address in Company s records or other address as I may provide in writing. Notices to Company shall be sent to Company s Human Resources Department or to another address as Company may specify in writing. 

18. Governing Law . The laws of the United States of America and the State of Arizona govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement without giving effect to any conflict of law principles. 

19. Severability . If an arbitrator or court of law holds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) that provision shall be deemed amended to provide Company the maximum protection permitted by applicable law and (b) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected. 

20. Waiver; Modification . If Company waives any term, provision or breach by me of this Agreement, such waiver shall not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Company. No waiver shall constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by me. This Agreement may be modified only if both Company and I consent in writing. 

21. Assignment . The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall extend to all successors and assigns of the Company, whether by merger, reorganization, sale of assets, operation of law or otherwise. 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

22. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, including any employment agreement/offer of employment or agreement to arbitrate claims or disputes relating to my employment that I may have signed in connection with my employment by Company, represents my entire understanding with Company with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous understandings, written or oral. 

23. 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement and that I understand and will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions. 

Brian Roberts 
 SMARTRENT, INC. 

By: 
 By: 

Name: Lucas Haldeman Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: 
 Dated: 

WEST\270087246.1 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

Exhibit A 
 PRIOR INNOVATIONS 
 Check one of the following (if nothing is checked, then no such Prior Innovations exist): 
 NO PRIOR INNOVATIONS EXIST. 

OR 
 YES, PRIOR INNOVATIONS EXIST AS DESCRIBED BELOW (include basic description of each Prior Innovation): 

WEST\270087246.1 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

EXHIBIT B 
 EMPLOYEE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT 
 SmartRent, Inc. (the Company and the undersigned Employee hereby agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all claims or controversies between them (or between Employee and any present or former officer, director, agent, or employee of the Company or any parent, subsidiary, or other entity affiliated with the Company) relating in any manner to the employment or the termination of employment of Employee, including but not limited to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this Agreement, shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration. Except as specifically provided herein, any arbitration proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association the AAA Rules ), available at www.adr.org /rules or provided upon request by the Company. Claims subject to arbitration shall include without limitation contract claims, tort claims, claims relating to compensation and stock options, as well as claims based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation, including but not limited to any claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Arizona Employment Protection Act, the Arizona Civil Rights Act, and all other applicable Arizona law. However, claims for unemployment compensation, workers compensation, claims under the National Labor Relations Act, and other claims excluded by law shall not be subject to arbitration (the Excluded Claims ). The Parties agree that if any dispute involves both timely filed Excluded Claims and claims subject to this Agreement, the parties agree to bifurcate and stay for the duration of the arbitration proceedings any such Excluded Claims. 
 Except as provided otherwise by law and herein, Employee agrees that all claims must be brought in his or her individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or participating class member in any purported class, collective, or consolidated proceeding, and Employee expressly waives any right Employee had or may have had to have any dispute brought, heard, or arbitrated as a class action and/or as a collective action. The arbitrator has no authority to adjudicate class, collective, or consolidated proceedings, other than to enforce this provision. Also except as provided otherwise by law and herein, Employee further understands and agrees that Employee may not bring any claims as a plaintiff or participating class member in any purported representative action or proceeding, and Employee expressly waives any right Employee had or may have had to have any dispute brought, heard, or arbitrated as a representative action. The arbitrator has no authority to adjudicate representative proceedings, other than to enforce this provision. This class action waiver shall be interpreted consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act and Arizona law to the extent it is not preempted by federal law. 
 A neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties; however, if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within a reasonable period of time, then a neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the arbitrator nomination and selection procedure set forth in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator shall prepare a written decision containing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based so as to ensure meaningful judicial review of the decision. The arbitration proceedings will allow for reasonable discovery under the AAA Rules, and the arbitrator selected according to this agreement shall decide all discovery disputes. The arbitrator shall apply the same substantive law, with the same statutes of limitations and same remedies that would apply if the claims were brought in a court of law. The arbitrator shall have the authority to consider and decide pre-hearing motions, including dispositive motions. 
 Either the Company or Employee may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and to enforce an arbitration award. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit in any way related to any arbitrable claim, including without limitation any 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

claim as to the making, existence, validity, or enforceability of the agreement to arbitrate. All arbitration hearings under this Agreement shall be conducted in Maricopa County, Arizona. 
 Nothing in this Agreement precludes a party from filing an administrative charge before an agency that has jurisdiction over an arbitrable claim. In addition, either party may, at its option, seek injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 This Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act to the extent allowed by law. In ruling on procedural and substantive issues raised in the arbitration itself, the arbitrator shall in all cases apply the substantive law of the State of Arizona. 
 Company shall bear the costs of the arbitrator, forum and filing fees. Each party shall pay its own costs and attorney s fees, unless a party prevails on a statutory claim, and the statute provides that the prevailing party is entitled to payment of its attorneys' fees. In that case, the arbitrator may award reasonable attorneys' fees and costs to the prevailing party as provided by law. The costs and fees of the arbitrator shall be paid by the Company. 
 This Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to create, a contract of employment, express or implied. This Agreement does not alter Employee s at-will employment status. Either Employee or the Company may terminate Employee s employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice. 
 If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court or the arbitrator to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties obligations under this Agreement shall survive the termination of Employee s employment with the Company and the expiration of this Agreement. 
 The Company and Employee understand and agree that this Arbitration Agreement contains a full and complete statement of any agreements and understandings regarding resolution of disputes between the parties, and the parties agree that this Arbitration Agreement supersedes all previous agreements, whether written or oral, express or implied, relating to the subjects covered in this agreement. The parties also agree that the terms of this Arbitration Agreement cannot be revoked or modified except in a written document signed by both Employee and the Company President. 
 THE PARTIES ALSO UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT NONE OF THOSE CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES SHALL BE RESOLVED BY A JURY TRIAL. 
 THE PARTIES FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS THIS AGREEMENT WITH THEIR LEGAL COUNSEL AND HAVE AVAILED THEMSELVES OF THAT OPPORTUNITY TO THE EXTENT THEY WISH TO DO SO. 
 [ Signature page follows .] 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

Employee: Signature: Print Name: Brian Roberts Date: 

SmartRent, Inc. Signature: Print Name: Lucas Haldeman Print Title: Chief Executive Officer Date: 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID WEST\296990618.1 WEST\296990618.1 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 smrt-ex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.15 
 May 9, 2022 
 
 Hiroshi Okamoto 16211 N. Scottsdale Rd Ste. A6A No. 129 
 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 
 
 Re. Employment Agreement Dear Hiroshi: 
 The following, when signed by you, shall constitute our agreement with respect to your employment with SmartRent, Inc. Company ). 
 
 1. Employment . Subject to the terms set forth herein, Company is offering you employment as Chief Financial Officer and, by signing below, you hereby accept such employment, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and contingent upon your agreement to and execution of Company s Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement, which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A . 

2. Duties . During your employment: (a) you shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or his designee, and you shall use your best efforts to perform all duties required of you in furtherance of your position or assigned to you by Company in furtherance of Company s (and its Affiliates business, which are commensurate with your position; (b) you shall diligently and faithfully devote your entire working time, energy and skill to the promotion of Company s (and its Affiliates business interests and to the performance of your duties under this Agreement; (c) you shall conduct yourself at all times so as to advance the best interests of Company and shall not undertake or engage in any other business affiliations which conflict with your duties or the interests of Company (or its Affiliates) or interfere with the performance of your services hereunder; and (d) you shall be governed by and be subject to all Company rules and regulations applicable to employees generally, and to employees at your organizational level. In this Agreement, Affiliates shall mean SmartRent, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. You will have such responsibilities as are customarily performed by a Chief Financial Officer of companies similarly situated to Company, as may be modified by Company. You understand and agree that your duties as Chief Financial Officer are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, which gives them special and peculiar value to Company. During your employment, upon request, you shall serve as an officer of one or more Affiliates of Company, and it is understood that such service shall be without further compensation than is provided for in this Agreement. However, Company agrees that in the event the duties required for any Affiliate shall result in a material increase in the scope of work contemplated by this Agreement, Company shall review your base salary and bonus. Your principal place of employment will be at Company s headquarters, in Scottsdale, Arizona. You will be required to travel as reasonably necessary for the performance of your duties. 

3. Term of Employment . 

A. At-Will Employment . The nature of the employment relationship between you and the Company is AT-WILL and may be terminated at any time by either you or the Company upon notice to the other, for any or no reason, with or without cause. Further, the Company can demote, transfer, suspend or otherwise discipline you in its sole discretion. Nothing contained in this Agreement, or in any written or unwritten policies of the Company, including the Company s employee handbook, shall be construed to create any other term of employment or a requirement of cause for termination, demotion, or transfer. 

B. Term . The entire period of your employment shall be referred to herein as the 

Term . 
 
 4. Compensation . 

A. Compensation . You shall receive annual base compensation of four-hundred- thousand dollars 400,000.00), less applicable withholdings and taxes (the Base Salary ), payable in accordance with Company s regular payroll practices (currently, semi-monthly installments). Any increase to your annual Base Salary shall be made, in Company s sole discretion, based on an annual performance review and other financial considerations. 

B. Bonus . For each year of your initial Term, you will be eligible to earn an annual target bonus equal to 60 of Base Salary (or a prorated amount if you work less than the fiscal year during your first fiscal year of employment). The actual bonus amount that you earn shall be based on your performance and on the financial results of Company and shall be determined by Company in its sole discretion. You will be required to remain employed with Company in good standing through the end of the bonus earning period before any bonus is earned. Your annual bonus, to the extent earned, shall be paid concurrently with the payment of earned bonuses to other senior executives of Company generally, but in no event later than March 15th of the year following the fiscal year for which your annual bonus is earned. The annual target bonus for subsequent years, if any, will be determined by Company before the end of the first quarter of such year. 

C. Benefits . While you are employed hereunder, you shall be entitled to all standard Company benefits generally accorded to full time senior level employees of Company from time to time, including, but not limited to, group medical health and accident, group insurance and similar benefits, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable policy, plan or program. Company reserves the right to prospectively amend or terminate any such policy, plan or program, at any time, at its discretion. You are also eligible to participate in Company s 401K plan to the extent such plan is in existence and you meet the requirements for eligibility. 

5. Exclusivity . During your employment, Company is entitled to your undivided loyalty, and you may not transfer your loyalty to a competitor. This duty of loyalty is breached if you act against the best interests of Company. Accordingly, while employed by Company, you shall not compete with Company, or engage in or participate in any business that is in competition in any manner whatsoever with Company, in any capacity. Your employment with Company shall be full-time and exclusive, and unless approved by Company in its sole discretion, you will not render any services for other individuals or entities, or for your own account that are inconsistent with your duties under this Agreement. To the extent such activities do not interfere or conflict with the business of Company and its Affiliates, or the performance of your duties hereunder, you shall not be precluded from, on occasion, rendering services to charitable organizations. 

6. Exclusive Property . You agree that all Company-related customers and other business procured by you in the course and scope of your employment with Company, and all Company-related business opportunities and plans made known to you, while employed by Company, are and shall remain the permanent and exclusive property of Company. 

7. Travel and Entertainment Expenses . Company shall pay or reimburse you for reasonable business expenses actually incurred or paid by you in the performance of your authorized services hereunder, in accordance with Company s Business Expense Reimbursement policy, and upon presentation of satisfactory documentation (e.g., expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information) as Company may customarily require. 

2 

8. Confidentiality . 

A. Confidentiality . Other than in good faith in connection with and furtherance of your authorized duties hereunder, you shall not at any time disclose or use any information relative to the activities of Company or its Affiliates, or cause or allow others to use or disclose such information, which is of a secret or confidential nature, including without limitation, business plans, financial information, contracts, contract proposals and negotiations, plan developments, customers and suppliers, administrative procedures, and dealings with any contractual person or party or other third party (collectively, Proprietary Information ). You will at all times maintain the confidentiality of the Proprietary Information. However, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit you from making statements that are truthful in any legal proceeding, or as otherwise required by law, or from discussing Proprietary Information, confidentially, with your legal advisor or accountant, for the limited purpose of obtaining legal or financial advice. 

B. You understand that the obligation of confidentiality, as summarized above and further detailed in the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement entered concurrently with this Agreement, is an essential and material term of this Agreement, and without your promise of confidentiality, this Agreement would not be entered. You understand that as a condition of this offer and of your continued employment with Company, you must enter into and at all times abide by the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement provided with this Agreement. 

9. Termination . 

A. Death . If your employment shall terminate due to your death, you (or your estate) shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the following: (1) accrued and unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination; (2) earned and unpaid bonus, if any; (3) all other payments and benefits you may be entitled to receive under the terms of any applicable employee benefit plan or program of Company in which you participate, if any, and any earned, unused vacation pay that has accrued to that date and is payable under Company s standard policies or under and in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plan; and (4) reimbursement for all actual and previously unreimbursed out-of-pocket business expenses properly incurred to the date of termination in accordance with Company s standard business expense reimbursement policies (collectively, the Accrued Amounts ). The Accrued Amounts shall be paid to your surviving spouse, if any, or otherwise to your estate, in a single lump sum payment within thirty (30) days of your death, or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, in accordance with applicable law. 

B. Disability . If you are prevented from performing your duties as called for by this Agreement because of physical or mental incapacity or other disability (a Disability after you have been provided all legally required leaves of absence and reasonable accommodations, then Company shall have the right to terminate your employment and shall give written notice to you regarding same. It is contemplated that such termination would generally occur if you are unable to work for more than a continuous period of twelve (12) weeks, or for shorter periods aggregating more than ninety (90) days in any consecutive twelve (12) month period. If your employment shall terminate due to your Disability, you shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the Accrued Amounts. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 9(A), the Accrued Amounts shall be paid to you in a single lump sum payment on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. 

C. Termination Without Cause . 

i. If Company terminates your employment within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control (as defined below) other than due to your death, Disability, 

3 

or for Cause (as defined below), you shall receive the Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law, and, in addition, subject to the Severance Conditions below, Company shall provide to you: (1) a severance payment equal to six (6) months of your Base Salary as of the termination date (the Severance Payment ), divided and paid in equal installments over a period of six (6) months in accordance with Company s regular payroll practices starting on the first regular payday occurring after the effective date of the Release (as defined below), but in any event no later than ninety 
 (90) days following the termination date, except that if such ninety (90) day period spans two (2) calendar years, then payment of any portion of the Severance Payment which constitutes deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A (as defined below) shall in any event begin in the second such calendar year; 
 (2) an amount sufficient to reimburse you for the premiums required to continue employee s group health care coverage for a period of six (6) months under the application provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), provided that you elect to continue and remain eligible for these benefits under COBRA, and do not obtain health coverage through another employer during this period, and provided further that you are in full compliance with your obligations under the Company s Confidential Separation Agreement; and (3) immediate vesting of equity grants made to you pursuant to the SmartRent.com, Inc. 2018 Stock Plan and SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the Plans (collectively, the Severance Benefits ). Company s obligation to provide you the Severance Benefits shall be conditioned on your satisfaction of the following (the Severance Conditions ): (1) you must first sign, and allow to become effective, Company s Confidential Separation Agreement, which shall include a full general release in a form acceptable to Company, releasing all claims, known or unknown, that you may have against Company arising out of or any way related to your employment or termination of employment with Company (the Release ), and the Release must become effective in accordance with its terms on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of termination; and (2) on or before the effective date of the Release you must have (i) reconfirmed your agreement to abide by all of the surviving provisions of the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement; (ii) agreed to cooperate in the transition of your employment; and (iii) agreed not to make any voluntary statements, written or oral, or cause or encourage others to make any such statements that defame, disparage, or in any way criticize the personal and/or business reputations, practices, or conduct of the Company or any of the Affiliates. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 
 
 ii. If Company terminates your employment without Cause or not within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control, you shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the Accrued Amounts. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 9(A), the Accrued Amounts shall be paid to you in a single lump sum payment on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 

D. Termination for Cause . Company shall have the right at any time, upon written notice to you, to terminate your employment immediately for Cause. If Company terminates your employment for Cause, you shall have no right to receive any further compensation other than the Accrued Amounts. In the event that Company terminates your employment for Cause, Company shall pay you your Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. 

As used herein, Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the Plan. 
 
 As used herein, Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the Plan. 

4 

E. Your Resignation . If you resign your employment for Good Reason, as defined below, within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control, you will be entitled to the Severance Benefits, contingent on your compliance with the Severance Conditions. If you resign your employment without Good Reason, Company shall pay you your Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 

As used herein, Good Reason shall mean, without your written consent, (a) the material diminution or variation of any of your material duties or responsibilities or the engagement by Company of unlawful employment practices with respect to you, in each case, without the same being corrected within thirty (30) days after being given written notice thereof by the you, (b) a material reduction in the your Base Salary, or (c) a breach by the Company of this Agreement without the same being corrected within thirty 
 (30) days after being given written notice thereof by you. 
 
 F. No Further Obligations . The amounts and benefits provided for in this Section 9 shall be in lieu of any termination or severance payments or benefits for which you may be eligible or entitled, now or in the future, under any of the plans, policies, or programs of Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates. In addition, the amounts and benefits provided for in this Section 9 shall be inclusive of all statutory severance payable or otherwise provided to you in relation to your employment by Company and the termination of your employment under this Agreement and compensation for all required notice periods. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Section 9, from and after the date of such termination, you shall (i) have no right to receive any further compensation (including Base Salary or Bonus) hereunder, and, (ii) except to the extent required by law, cease to be covered under or be permitted to actively participate in any benefits plans or programs. 

G. Resignation from Officer and Director Positions . If your employment with Company terminates for any reason, you shall be deemed to have resigned at that time from any and all positions that you may have held with Company or any of its Affiliates, as designated by Company, or any other positions that you held on behalf of Company. If, for any reason, this Section 9G is deemed insufficient to effectuate such resignation, following a reasonable opportunity to review, you hereby authorize Company to execute any documents or instruments consistent herewith which Company may deem necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignation or resignations, and to act as your attorney-in- fact. Company will provide you with a copy of such documents. 

10. Restrictive Covenants . 

A. Non-Competition with the Company . You covenant and agree that during your employment and for a period of six (6) months following your separation from the Company for any reason, you shall not, directly or indirectly, enter into or engage in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or act as a consultant, advisor, employee or contractor for, any person, company or entity engaged in Competition with the Company. This restriction is limited to (i) a radius of fifty (50) miles from any Company office or other location where you worked or out of which you provided services during the two 

(2) years prior to your separation from employment with the Company, and (ii) any territory in which the Company engaged in its business during that time period. You are only restricted from working or performing services on your own behalf or for another entity where you have or will perform the same or similar type of work or service or offer the same or similar products or services that you performed or offered for the Company during your employment or the last year of your employment with the Company, whichever is shorter. The term in Competition with the Company means any company, person or entity engaged in the Business of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean 

5 

the development of smart home automation hardware or software for property owners, homeowners, managers or homebuilders. 
 
 B. Non-Solicitation of Customers . During your employment with the Company and for a period of six (6) months following your separation from the Company for whatever reason, you shall not, without the Company s consent, directly or indirectly, contact, solicit, accept solicited business from, or provide services to the Customers of the Company where those services compete with the services that the Company provided or offered during the two (2) years prior to your separation of employment with the Company. The term Customer shall mean any person, company, or entity with whom you had Material Contact and to whom, during the last year of your employment, the Company either (i) sold or provided any products or services to or (ii) was actively soliciting for the purchase of products or services. You will be deemed to have had Material Contact with a Customer if during your employment or the last year of your employment with the Company, whichever is shorter, you (i) directly interacted with such Customer; 

(ii) supervised an employee who interacted with such Customer; or (iii) obtained or received non-public information related specifically to the Company s business or prospective business with such Customer. This restriction is not intended to prohibit you from offering similar services or products to persons, companies, or entities that are not Customers. 
 
 C. Non-Solicitation of Employees . During your employment with the Company and for six (6) months following your separation from the Company for whatever reason, you shall not on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment or hire or assist in the solicitation or hiring of any employee who worked for or is affiliated with the Company and during your employment or the last year of your employment with the Company, whichever is shorter, either (i) reported, directly or indirectly, to you, (ii) worked with you on any Company-related project, product, or service, or (iii) worked for or with the same Customer(s) as you. This restriction includes but is not limited to: (a) providing to any such prospective employer the identities of any of the Company s employees; or (b) assisting any of the Company s employees in obtaining employment with your new employer through dissemination of resumes or otherwise. 

D. Review; Injunctive Relief; and Amendment 

i. The Company shall at all times maintain the right to seek enforcement of these provisions whether or not the Company has previously refrained from seeking enforcement of any provision herein or against any other individual who has signed an agreement with similar provisions. 

ii. You acknowledge and agree that the covenants contained herein are intended to ensure that the Company, its Affiliates, and their respective businesses are not adversely affected by your acting in a manner contrary to this Agreement and thereby damaging the results, prospects, and goodwill associated with the business (both present and future) of the Company and/or any of its Affiliates; that a breach of any section of this Agreement will cause serious harm to the Company and/or any of its Affiliates; and that all of the covenants and restrictions contained herein are reasonable and valid and all defenses to the enforcement thereof are hereby expressly waived. 

iii. You acknowledge that because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company as a result of a breach or threatened breach of any of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that would be caused to the Company and for which monetary damages would not be a sufficient remedy and would not be fully or adequately compensated by recovery of damages alone, it is hereby agreed that in addition to all other remedies and damages that may be available to the Company hereunder and at law or in equity, the Company and shall be entitled to specific performance and any injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. 

6 

iv. You understand the nature of the burdens imposed by the covenants in this Agreement. You acknowledge that you are entering into the Agreement on your own volition, and that you have been given the opportunity to have this Agreement reviewed by your legal counsel. You represent that upon careful review, you know of no reason why any covenant contained in this Agreement is not reasonable and enforceable and is necessary and reasonable to protect the interests of the Company and/or any of its Affiliates. You further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions and limitations imposed by this Agreement will not prevent you from earning a meaningful livelihood. 

v. The restrictive covenants set forth in this Section 10 are of the essence of this Agreement and they shall be construed as agreements independent of (i) any other agreements or (ii) any other provision in this Agreement. The existence of any claim or cause of action of you against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, regardless of who was at fault and regardless of any claims that either you or the Company may have against the other, will not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company against you of the restrictive covenants. The Company shall not be barred from enforcing the restrictive covenants set forth in this Section 10 by reason of any breach of (i) any other part of this agreement or (ii) any other agreement with you. 

vi. If any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Section 10 are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable as currently drafted, the Company and you request and authorize that court to modify any such provision by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law. 

vii. You and the Company agree and request that, if a court of competent jurisdiction rules that you breached a restrictive covenant contained in this Agreement, the court include in its order that the portion of the restricted time period during which you were in breach of the restrictive covenant be added to the remaining restricted period (if any) and that the extended restricted time period resume as of the date of the court s order. 

11. Notices . 

All notices and other communications required by this Agreement must be in writing, given by hand delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier, facsimile (with electronic confirmation of receipt and a copy sent by nationally recognized overnight courier) or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. Notices shall be sent to the following addresses (or such other address as a party may specify by like notice): 
 
 If to you, at the address set forth above, with a copy to your attorney: [INSERT ADDRESS OF ATTORNEY] 
 If to Company: 

8665 E. Hartford Drive, Suite 200 
 Scottsdale, Arizona 85255 

Notice shall be deemed given and delivered: (i) if delivered by hand or by facsimile, on the date delivered; 
 (ii) if delivered by nationally-recognized overnight courier, one business day after entrusted to such courier service; or (iii) if delivered by registered or certified U.S. mail, five business days after entrusted to the U.S. 
 
 7 

postal service. As used herein, the term business day shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday in the State of Arizona. 
 
 12. Representations . 

You hereby represent and warrant that you are free to enter into and perform your duties under this Agreement, without any contractual restrictions with respect to any prior employers, entities, or otherwise, and that you will not use any confidential information of any prior employers or entities in performing your responsibilities hereunder. 
 
 Company hereby represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and all corporate acts and other proceedings required to be taken by Company to authorize the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement have been duly taken. 
 
 13. Section 409A . 

A. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement shall comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (collectively, Code Section 409A ), and, accordingly, all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. If you notify Company (with specificity as to the reason therefore) that you believe that any provision of this Agreement (or of any award of compensation, including equity compensation or benefits) would cause you to incur any additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A and Company after good faith review concurs with such belief or Company (without any obligation whatsoever to do so) independently makes such determination, Company shall, after consulting with you, reform such provision to try to comply with Code Section 409A through good faith modifications to the minimum extent reasonably appropriate to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. To the extent that any provision hereof is modified in order to comply with Code Section 409A, such modification shall be made in good faith and shall, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, maintain the original intent and economic benefit to you and Company of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Code Section 409A. In no event whatsoever shall Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on you by Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 

B. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits constituting deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination or termination of employment or like references shall mean separation from service. If you are deemed on the date of termination of your employment to be a specified employee , within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and using the identification methodology selected by Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then with regard to any payment or benefit that is required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of your separation from service or (ii) the date of your death. On the first day of the seventh (7th) month following the date of the your separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of your death, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 13 (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due 

8 

under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 
 
 C. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Internal Revenue Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect, and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense occurred. 

D. If under this Agreement, an amount is to be paid in two (2) or more installments, for purposes of Code Section 409A, each installment shall be treated as a separate payment. 

E. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of Company. 

14. Additional Provisions . 

A. This Agreement, the Plan, and the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement and Employee Arbitration Agreement entered concurrently with this Agreement, constitutes the entire Agreement between you and Company with respect to your employment by Company and cannot be changed or terminated orally. No modification or waiver of any of the provisions of the Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom it is sought to be enforced. The parties obligations under this Agreement which are intended to be fulfilled post-employment shall survive the termination of your employment, including the applicable provisions of Sections 8 through 13, and shall remain in full force and effect for as long as required notwithstanding the termination of your employment for any reason. 

B. In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to allow enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the parties shall receive the benefits contemplated herein to the fullest extent permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the judgment of such court, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 

C. No failure on the part of either party to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or remedy. 

D. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon your heirs and personal representatives of your estate and the successors and permitted assigns of Company, regardless of any change in its business structure, whether through spinoff, merger, sale of stock or assets, or any other transaction or assignment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement is a personal services contract and, as such, you may not assign any of your duties or obligations hereunder. Company may not assign this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder other than to an Affiliate or to an entity which, by way of merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of the assets of Company becomes a successor to 

9 

Company, so long as such successor assumes in writing Company s obligations hereunder (and Company agrees to deliver a copy to you of such assumption promptly following your request for such). For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Company shall include Company and, subject to the foregoing sentence, any of its successors and assigns. 
 
 E. You have been advised to seek the advice of independent counsel concerning the execution of this Agreement. Your signature below indicates you have received such counsel as you deem appropriate or have waived your right to do so. 

F. The headings of the several Paragraphs of this Agreements have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way restrict or modify any the terms of provisions hereof. This Agreement has been drafted by legal counsel representing Company, but you have participated in the negotiation of its terms. Furthermore, you acknowledge that you have had an opportunity to review and revise the Agreement and have it reviewed by legal counsel, if desired, and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. 

G. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to conflicts of laws. Each party consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Phoenix, Arizona, if applicable, in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Any and all disputes, other than requests for injunctive relief by either party, will be resolved through binding arbitration consistent with the Employee Arbitration Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . 

H. This Agreement may be executed in one or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

10 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 If the foregoing terms of this Agreement reflect our understanding and agreement, kindly sign this Agreement in the appropriate space below and return it to the undersigned, whereupon it will constitute an agreement between us. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 SmartRent, Inc. 
 By: 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Enclosures: 
 Exhibit A - Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement. 
 
 Exhibit B Employee Arbitration Agreement 

I have read the foregoing Agreement, including the Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement, in its entirety, have consulted my own legal counsel as I deem necessary, and by signing below, I accept the terms and conditions of employment described in this Agreement. 
 
 AGREED AND ACCEPTED: 
 
 Dated: 4/27/2022 
 By: Hiroshi Okamoto 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 EXHIBIT A 
 
 EMPLOYEE CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement formalizes in writing certain understandings and procedures which have been in effect since the time I was initially employed by SmartRent, Inc. Company ). 
 
 1. Duties . In return for the compensation now and hereafter paid to me, I will perform such duties for Company as the Company may designate from time to time. During my employment with Company, I will devote my best efforts to the interests of Company, will not engage in other employment or in any activities that Company determines to be detrimental to its best interests and will otherwise abide by all of Company s policies and procedures. For purposes of this Agreement, SmartRent s business means the development of smart home automation hardware or software for property owners, homeowners, managers or homebuilders (the Business ). Furthermore, I will not (a) reveal, disclose or otherwise make available to any person any Company password or key, whether or not the password or key is assigned to me or (b) obtain, possess or use in any manner a Company password or key that is not assigned to me. I will use my best efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of any laptop or personal computer, peripheral device, software or related technical documentation that the Company issues to me, and I will not input, load or otherwise attempt any unauthorized use of software in any Company computer, whether or not such computer is assigned to me. 

2. Proprietary Information Definition . Proprietary Information includes (a) any Company information that is confidential or proprietary, technical or non-technical, including for example and without limitation, information related to Innovations (as defined in Section 4 below), concepts, techniques, processes, methods, systems, designs, computer programs, source documentation, trade secrets, formulae, development or experimental work, work in progress, forecasts, proposed and future products, marketing plans, financial information, business plans, customers and suppliers and any other nonpublic information that has commercial value or (b) any information Company has received from others that Company is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary, which may be made known to me by Company, a third party or otherwise that I may learn during my employment with Company. 

3. Ownership and Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information . All Proprietary Information is the sole property of Company, Company s assigns, Company s customers and Company s suppliers, as applicable. Company, Company s assigns, Company s customers and Company s suppliers, as applicable, are the sole and exclusive owners of all patents, copyrights, mask works, trade secrets and other rights in and to the Proprietary Information. I will not disclose any Proprietary Information to anyone outside Company, and I will use and disclose Proprietary Information to those inside Company only as may be necessary in the ordinary course of performing my duties as an employee of Company. If I have any questions as to whether information constitutes Proprietary Information, or to whom, if anyone, inside Company, any Proprietary Information may be disclosed, I will consult with my manager at Company. 

4. Innovations Definition . In this Agreement, Innovations means all discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, inventions (whether or not protectable under patent laws), works of authorship, information fixed in any tangible medium of expression (whether or not protectable under copyright laws), trade secrets, know-how, ideas (whether or not protectable under trade secret laws), mask works, trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress. 

5. Disclosure and License of Prior Innovations . I have listed on Exhibit A Prior Innovations ), attached hereto, all Innovations relating in any way to Company s Business or demonstrably anticipated research and development or business, which were conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me prior to my employment with Company (collectively, the Prior 

Exhibit A- 1 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 Innovations ). I represent that I have no rights in any such Company-related Innovations other than those Innovations listed on Exhibit A . If nothing is listed on Exhibit A , I represent that there are no Prior Innovations at the time of signing this Agreement. I hereby grant to Company and Company s designees a royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice all patent, copyright, moral right, mask work, trade secret and other intellectual property rights relating to any Prior Innovations that I incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, in any Innovations that I, solely or jointly with others, conceive, develop or reduce to practice during my employment with Company (the Company Innovations ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Prior Innovations in any Company Innovations without Company s prior written consent. 
 
 6. Future Innovations . I will disclose promptly in writing to Company all Innovations conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me during the term of my employment and for three (3) months thereafter, whether or not I believe such Innovations are subject to this Agreement, to permit a determination by Company as to whether or not the Innovations should be considered Company Innovations. Company will receive any such information in confidence. 

7. Disclosure and Assignment of Company Innovations . I will promptly disclose and describe to Company all Company Innovations. I hereby do and will assign to Company or Company s designee all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations cannot be assigned by me to Company, I hereby grant to Company an exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice such non-assignable rights, title and interest. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations can neither be assigned nor licensed by me to Company, I hereby irrevocably waive and agree never to assert such non-assignable and non-licensable rights, title and interest against Company or any of Company s successors in interest. 

This Section 7 shall be construed to apply to all Company Innovations with which I am involved from this date forward, as well as all Company Innovations with which I have been involved since my employment with the Company began. 
 
 8. Exclusion from Assignment . I understand that my obligation to assign, license or waive a claim with respect to any Innovation must comply with the requirements of applicable law, Section 7 of this Agreement (Disclosure and Assignment of Company Innovations) does not apply to, and I do not assign my rights to any Innovation (whether a Company Innovation or otherwise) when I can prove that: (a) I developed the Innovation entirely on my own time; (b) I did not use Company equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information in its development; (c) the Innovation does not relate (i) directly to the Business of Company, or (ii) to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Company; and (d) the Innovation does not result from any work performed by me for Company. This Section will be construed to apply to all Innovations with which I am involved from this date forward, as well as all Company Innovations with which I have been involved since my employment with Company began. 

9. Cooperation in Perfecting Rights to Innovations . I agree to perform, during and after my employment, all acts that Company deems necessary or desirable to permit and assist Company, at its expense, in obtaining and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world in the Innovations as provided to Company under this Agreement. If Company is unable for any reason to secure my signature to any document required to file, prosecute, register or memorialize the assignment of any rights or application or to enforce any right under any Innovations as provided under this Agreement, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and Company s duly authorized officers and agents as my agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on my behalf and instead of me to take all lawfully permitted 

Exhibit A- 2 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 acts to further the filing, prosecution, registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance, and enforcement of rights under such Innovations, all with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. The foregoing is deemed a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 
 10. Employment at Will . I acknowledge that my employment will be of indefinite duration and that either Company or I will be free to terminate my employment at any time with or without cause. I also acknowledge that any representations to the contrary are unauthorized and void, unless contained in a formal written employment contract signed by an officer of Company. 

11. Return of Materials . At any time upon Company s request, and when my employment with Company is over, I will return all materials (including, without limitation, documents, drawings, papers, electronic storage devices and tapes) containing or disclosing any Proprietary Information (including all copies thereof), as well as any keys, pass cards, identification cards, computers, printers, pagers, personal digital assistants or similar items or devices that the Company has provided to me. I will provide Company with a written certification of my compliance with my obligations under this Section. 

12. No Violation of Rights of Third Parties . During my employment with Company, I will not 

(a) breach any agreement to keep in confidence any confidential or proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by me prior to my employment with Company or (b) disclose to Company, or use or induce Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or any other third party. I am not currently a party, and will not become a party, to any other agreement that is in conflict, or will prevent me from complying, with this Agreement. 
 
 13. Defend Trade Secrets Act . Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, I acknowledge that I shall not have criminal or civil liability under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret or Proprietary Information that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, if I file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, I may disclose the trade secret to my attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if I (X) file any document containing the trade secret under seal and (Y) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

14. Survival . This Agreement (a) will survive my employment by Company; (b) does not in any way restrict my right to resign or the right of Company to terminate my employment at any time, for any reason or for no reason; (c) inures to the benefit of successors and assigns of Company; and (d) is binding upon my heirs and legal representatives. 

15. No Disparagement . During my employment with Company and after the termination thereof, I will not disparage Company, its products, services, agents or employees. 

16. Injunctive Relief . I agree that if I violate this Agreement, Company will suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which money damages are insufficient, and Company will be entitled to injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance, and such other relief as may be proper (including money damages if appropriate). 

17. Notices . Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when actually delivered; (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; (c) by facsimile transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission; or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt 

Exhibit A- 3 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 requested, upon verification of receipt. Notices to me will be sent to any address in Company s records or such other address as I may provide in writing. Notices to Company will be sent to Company s Human Resources Department or to such other address as Company may specify in writing. 
 
 18. Governing Law; Forum . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States of America and by the laws of the State of Arizona, as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Arizona. Company and I each irrevocably consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona, as applicable, for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, except that in actions seeking to enforce any order or any judgment of such federal or state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona, such personal jurisdiction will be nonexclusive. 

19. Severability . If a court of law holds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) that provision will be deemed amended to provide Company the maximum protection permitted by applicable law and (b) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not be affected. 

20. Waiver; Modification . If Company waives any term, provision or breach by me of this Agreement, such waiver will not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Company. No waiver will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by me. This Agreement may be modified only if both Company and I consent in writing. 

21. Assignment . The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall extend to all successors and assigns of Company, whether by merger, reorganization, sale of assets, operation of law or otherwise. 

22. Careful Review . I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully reviewed, together with any advisors as I deem necessary, all of the provisions of this Agreement and that I understand and will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions. 

23. Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents my entire understanding with Company with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous understandings, written or oral. 

[ Signature page follows .] 

Exhibit A- 4 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully read all the provisions of this Agreement and that I understand and will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions. 

COMPANY: 
 EMPLOYEE: 

SmartRent, Inc. 

By: 
 By: 

Title: 
 Title: 

Dated: 4/28/2022 
 Dated: 4/27/2022 

Exhibit A- 5 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 Exhibit A PRIOR INNOVATIONS 
 Check one of the following (if nothing is checked, then no such Prior Innovations exist): 
 
 NO PRIOR INNOVATIONS EXIST. OR 
 YES, PRIOR INNOVATIONS EXIST AS DESCRIBED BELOW (include basic 
 description of each Prior Innovation): 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 EXHIBIT B 
 
 EMPLOYEE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT 
 
 SmartRent, Inc. (the Company and the undersigned Employee hereby agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all claims or controversies between them (or between Employee and any present or former officer, director, agent, or employee of the Company or any parent, subsidiary, or other entity affiliated with the Company) relating in any manner to the employment or the termination of employment of Employee, including but not limited to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this Agreement, shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration. Except as specifically provided herein, any arbitration proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association the AAA Rules ), available at www.adr.org /rules or provided upon request by the Company. Claims subject to arbitration shall include without limitation contract claims, tort claims, claims relating to compensation and stock options, as well as claims based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation, including but not limited to any claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Arizona Employment Protection Act, the Arizona Civil Rights Act, and all other applicable Arizona law. However, claims for unemployment compensation, workers compensation, claims under the National Labor Relations Act, and other claims excluded by law shall not be subject to arbitration (the Excluded Claims ). The Parties agree that if any dispute involves both timely filed Excluded Claims and claims subject to this Agreement, the parties agree to bifurcate and stay for the duration of the arbitration proceedings any such Excluded Claims. 
 
 Except as provided otherwise by law and herein, Employee agrees that all claims must be brought in his or her individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or participating class member in any purported class, collective, or consolidated proceeding, and Employee expressly waives any right Employee had or may have had to have any dispute brought, heard, or arbitrated as a class action and/or as a collective action. The arbitrator has no authority to adjudicate class, collective, or consolidated proceedings, other than to enforce this provision. Also except as provided otherwise by law and herein, Employee further understands and agrees that Employee may not bring any claims as a plaintiff or participating class member in any purported representative action or proceeding, and Employee expressly waives any right Employee had or may have had to have any dispute brought, heard, or arbitrated as a representative action. The arbitrator has no authority to adjudicate representative proceedings, other than to enforce this provision. This class action waiver shall be interpreted consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act and Arizona law to the extent it is not preempted by federal law. 
 
 A neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties; however, if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within a reasonable period of time, then a neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the arbitrator nomination and selection procedure set forth in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator shall prepare a written decision containing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based so as to ensure meaningful judicial review of the decision. The arbitration proceedings will allow for reasonable discovery under the AAA Rules, and the arbitrator selected according to this agreement shall decide all discovery disputes. The arbitrator shall apply the same substantive law, with the same statutes of limitations and same remedies that would apply if the claims were brought in a court of law. The arbitrator shall have the authority to consider and decide pre-hearing motions, including dispositive motions. 
 
 Either the Company or Employee may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and to enforce an arbitration award. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit in any way related to any arbitrable claim, including without limitation any 

Exhibit B- 1 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 
 claim as to the making, existence, validity, or enforceability of the agreement to arbitrate. All arbitration hearings under this Agreement shall be conducted in Maricopa County, Arizona. 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement precludes a party from filing an administrative charge before an agency that has jurisdiction over an arbitrable claim. In addition, either party may, at its option, seek injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act to the extent allowed by law. In ruling on procedural and substantive issues raised in the arbitration itself, the arbitrator shall in all cases apply the substantive law of the State of Arizona. 
 
 Company shall bear the costs of the arbitrator, forum and filing fees. Each party shall pay its own costs and attorney s fees, unless a party prevails on a statutory claim, and the statute provides that the prevailing party is entitled to payment of its attorneys' fees. In that case, the arbitrator may award reasonable attorneys' fees and costs to the prevailing party as provided by law. The costs and fees of the arbitrator shall be paid by the Company. 
 
 This Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to create, a contract of employment, express or implied. This Agreement does not alter Employee s at-will employment status. Either Employee or the Company may terminate Employee s employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice. 
 
 If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court or the arbitrator to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties obligations under this Agreement shall survive the termination of Employee s employment with the Company and the expiration of this Agreement. 
 
 The Company and Employee understand and agree that this Arbitration Agreement contains a full and complete statement of any agreements and understandings regarding resolution of disputes between the parties, and the parties agree that this Arbitration Agreement supersedes all previous agreements, whether written or oral, express or implied, relating to the subjects covered in this agreement. The parties also agree that the terms of this Arbitration Agreement cannot be revoked or modified except in a written document signed by both Employee and the Company President. 
 
 THE PARTIES ALSO UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT NONE OF THOSE CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES SHALL BE RESOLVED BY A JURY TRIAL. 
 
 THE PARTIES FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS THIS AGREEMENT WITH THEIR LEGAL COUNSEL AND HAVE AVAILED THEMSELVES OF THAT OPPORTUNITY TO THE EXTENT THEY WISH TO DO SO. 
 
 [ Signature page follows .] 

Exhibit B- 2 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F7FF4F27-5AB5-433A-AFC9-78365E3D61C1 

Employee: Signature: 	 Print Name: Date: 4/27/2022 

SmartRent, Inc. Signature: 	 Print Name: Print Title: Date: 4/28/2022 

Exhibit B- 3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 smrt-ex10_16.htm
 EX-10.16

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.16 
 May 9, 2022 
 
 Robyn Young 409 E. Lamar Rd. 
 Phoenix, AZ 85012 
 
 Re. Employment Agreement Dear Robyn: 
 The following, when signed by you, shall constitute our agreement with respect to your employment with SmartRent, Inc. Company ). 
 
 1. Employment . Subject to the terms set forth herein, Company is offering you employment as Chief Marketing Officer and, by signing below, you hereby accept such employment, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and contingent upon your agreement to and execution of Company s Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement, which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A . 

2. Duties . During your employment: (a) you shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or his designee, and you shall use your best efforts to perform all duties required of you in furtherance of your position or assigned to you by Company in furtherance of Company s (and its Affiliates business, which are commensurate with your position; (b) you shall diligently and faithfully devote your entire working time, energy and skill to the promotion of Company s (and its Affiliates business interests and to the performance of your duties under this Agreement; (c) you shall conduct yourself at all times so as to advance the best interests of Company and shall not undertake or engage in any other business affiliations which conflict with your duties or the interests of Company (or its Affiliates) or interfere with the performance of your services hereunder; and (d) you shall be governed by and be subject to all Company rules and regulations applicable to employees generally, and to employees at your organizational level. In this Agreement, Affiliates shall mean SmartRent, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. You will have such responsibilities as are customarily performed by a Chief Marketing Officer of companies similarly situated to Company, as may be modified by Company. You understand and agree that your duties as Chief Marketing Officer are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, which gives them special and peculiar value to Company. During your employment, upon request, you shall serve as an officer of one or more Affiliates of Company, and it is understood that such service shall be without further compensation than is provided for in this Agreement. However, Company agrees that in the event the duties required for any Affiliate shall result in a material increase in the scope of work contemplated by this Agreement, Company shall review your base salary and bonus. Your principal place of employment will be at Company s headquarters, in Scottsdale, Arizona. You will be required to travel as reasonably necessary for the performance of your duties. 

3. Term of Employment . 

A. At-Will Employment . The nature of the employment relationship between you and the Company is AT-WILL and may be terminated at any time by either you or the Company upon notice to the other, for any or no reason, with or without cause. Further, the Company can demote, transfer, suspend or otherwise discipline you in its sole discretion. Nothing contained in this Agreement, or in any written or unwritten policies of the Company, including the Company s employee handbook, shall be construed to create any other term of employment or a requirement of cause for termination, demotion, or transfer. 

B. Term . The entire period of your employment shall be referred to herein as the 

Term . 
 
 4. Compensation . 

A. Compensation . You shall receive annual base compensation of three-hundred- fifteen-thousand dollars 315,000.00), less applicable withholdings and taxes (the Base Salary ), payable in accordance with Company s regular payroll practices (currently, semi-monthly installments). Any increase to your annual Base Salary shall be made, in Company s sole discretion, based on an annual performance review and other financial considerations. 

B. Bonus . For each year of your initial Term, you will be eligible to earn an annual target bonus equal to 60 of Base Salary (or a prorated amount if you work less than the fiscal year during your first fiscal year of employment). The actual bonus amount that you earn shall be based on your performance and on the financial results of Company and shall be determined by Company in its sole discretion. You will be required to remain employed with Company in good standing through the end of the bonus earning period before any bonus is earned. Your annual bonus, to the extent earned, shall be paid concurrently with the payment of earned bonuses to other senior executives of Company generally, but in no event later than March 15th of the year following the fiscal year for which your annual bonus is earned. The annual target bonus for subsequent years, if any, will be determined by Company before the end of the first quarter of such year. 

C. Benefits . While you are employed hereunder, you shall be entitled to all standard Company benefits generally accorded to full time senior level employees of Company from time to time, including, but not limited to, group medical health and accident, group insurance and similar benefits, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable policy, plan or program. Company reserves the right to prospectively amend or terminate any such policy, plan or program, at any time, at its discretion. You are also eligible to participate in Company s 401K plan to the extent such plan is in existence and you meet the requirements for eligibility. 

5. Exclusivity . During your employment, Company is entitled to your undivided loyalty, and you may not transfer your loyalty to a competitor. This duty of loyalty is breached if you act against the best interests of Company. Accordingly, while employed by Company, you shall not compete with Company, or engage in or participate in any business that is in competition in any manner whatsoever with Company, in any capacity. Your employment with Company shall be full-time and exclusive, and unless approved by Company in its sole discretion, you will not render any services for other individuals or entities, or for your own account that are inconsistent with your duties under this Agreement. To the extent such activities do not interfere or conflict with the business of Company and its Affiliates, or the performance of your duties hereunder, you shall not be precluded from, on occasion, rendering services to charitable organizations. 

6. Exclusive Property . You agree that all Company-related customers and other business procured by you in the course and scope of your employment with Company, and all Company-related business opportunities and plans made known to you, while employed by Company, are and shall remain the permanent and exclusive property of Company. 

7. Travel and Entertainment Expenses . Company shall pay or reimburse you for reasonable business expenses actually incurred or paid by you in the performance of your authorized services hereunder, in accordance with Company s Business Expense Reimbursement policy, and upon presentation of satisfactory documentation (e.g., expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information) as Company may customarily require. 

2 

8. Confidentiality . 

A. Confidentiality . Other than in good faith in connection with and furtherance of your authorized duties hereunder, you shall not at any time disclose or use any information relative to the activities of Company or its Affiliates, or cause or allow others to use or disclose such information, which is of a secret or confidential nature, including without limitation, business plans, financial information, contracts, contract proposals and negotiations, plan developments, customers and suppliers, administrative procedures, and dealings with any contractual person or party or other third party (collectively, Proprietary Information ). You will at all times maintain the confidentiality of the Proprietary Information. However, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit you from making statements that are truthful in any legal proceeding, or as otherwise required by law, or from discussing Proprietary Information, confidentially, with your legal advisor or accountant, for the limited purpose of obtaining legal or financial advice. 

B. You understand that the obligation of confidentiality, as summarized above and further detailed in the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement entered concurrently with this Agreement, is an essential and material term of this Agreement, and without your promise of confidentiality, this Agreement would not be entered. You understand that as a condition of this offer and of your continued employment with Company, you must enter into and at all times abide by the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement provided with this Agreement. 

9. Termination . 

A. Death . If your employment shall terminate due to your death, you (or your estate) shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the following: (1) accrued and unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination; (2) earned and unpaid bonus, if any; (3) all other payments and benefits you may be entitled to receive under the terms of any applicable employee benefit plan or program of Company in which you participate, if any, and any earned, unused vacation pay that has accrued to that date and is payable under Company s standard policies or under and in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plan; and (4) reimbursement for all actual and previously unreimbursed out-of-pocket business expenses properly incurred to the date of termination in accordance with Company s standard business expense reimbursement policies (collectively, the Accrued Amounts ). The Accrued Amounts shall be paid to your surviving spouse, if any, or otherwise to your estate, in a single lump sum payment within thirty (30) days of your death, or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, in accordance with applicable law. 

B. Disability . If you are prevented from performing your duties as called for by this Agreement because of physical or mental incapacity or other disability (a Disability after you have been provided all legally required leaves of absence and reasonable accommodations, then Company shall have the right to terminate your employment and shall give written notice to you regarding same. It is contemplated that such termination would generally occur if you are unable to work for more than a continuous period of twelve (12) weeks, or for shorter periods aggregating more than ninety (90) days in any consecutive twelve (12) month period. If your employment shall terminate due to your Disability, you shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the Accrued Amounts. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 9(A), the Accrued Amounts shall be paid to you in a single lump sum payment on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. 

C. Termination Without Cause . 

i. If Company terminates your employment within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control (as defined below) other than due to your death, Disability, 

3 

or for Cause (as defined below), you shall receive the Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law, and, in addition, subject to the Severance Conditions below, Company shall provide to you: (1) a severance payment equal to six (6) months of your Base Salary as of the termination date (the Severance Payment ), divided and paid in equal installments over a period of six (6) months in accordance with Company s regular payroll practices starting on the first regular payday occurring after the effective date of the Release (as defined below), but in any event no later than ninety 
 (90) days following the termination date, except that if such ninety (90) day period spans two (2) calendar years, then payment of any portion of the Severance Payment which constitutes deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A (as defined below) shall in any event begin in the second such calendar year; 
 (2) an amount sufficient to reimburse you for the premiums required to continue employee s group health care coverage for a period of six (6) months under the application provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), provided that you elect to continue and remain eligible for these benefits under COBRA, and do not obtain health coverage through another employer during this period, and provided further that you are in full compliance with your obligations under the Company s Confidential Separation Agreement; and (3) immediate vesting of equity grants made to you pursuant to the SmartRent.com, Inc. 2018 Stock Plan and SmartRent, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the Plans (collectively, the Severance Benefits ). Company s obligation to provide you the Severance Benefits shall be conditioned on your satisfaction of the following (the Severance Conditions ): (1) you must first sign, and allow to become effective, Company s Confidential Separation Agreement, which shall include a full general release in a form acceptable to Company, releasing all claims, known or unknown, that you may have against Company arising out of or any way related to your employment or termination of employment with Company (the Release ), and the Release must become effective in accordance with its terms on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of termination; and (2) on or before the effective date of the Release you must have (i) reconfirmed your agreement to abide by all of the surviving provisions of the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement; (ii) agreed to cooperate in the transition of your employment; and (iii) agreed not to make any voluntary statements, written or oral, or cause or encourage others to make any such statements that defame, disparage, or in any way criticize the personal and/or business reputations, practices, or conduct of the Company or any of the Affiliates. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 
 
 ii. If Company terminates your employment without Cause or not within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control, you shall be paid, in lieu of all other payments hereunder, the Accrued Amounts. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 9(A), the Accrued Amounts shall be paid to you in a single lump sum payment on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 

D. Termination for Cause . Company shall have the right at any time, upon written notice to you, to terminate your employment immediately for Cause. If Company terminates your employment for Cause, you shall have no right to receive any further compensation other than the Accrued Amounts. In the event that Company terminates your employment for Cause, Company shall pay you your Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. 

As used herein, Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the Plan. 
 
 As used herein, Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the Plan. 

4 

E. Your Resignation . If you resign your employment for Good Reason, as defined below, within twelve (12) months after or three (3) months before a Change of Control, you will be entitled to the Severance Benefits, contingent on your compliance with the Severance Conditions. If you resign your employment without Good Reason, Company shall pay you your Accrued Amounts on the date of termination or, if otherwise provided in an applicable employee benefit plan, in accordance with the time and form of payment provisions of such plan, as permitted by law. All other Company obligations to you will be automatically terminated and completely extinguished. 

As used herein, Good Reason shall mean, without your written consent, (a) the material diminution or variation of any of your material duties or responsibilities or the engagement by Company of unlawful employment practices with respect to you, in each case, without the same being corrected within thirty (30) days after being given written notice thereof by the you, (b) a material reduction in the your Base Salary, or (c) a breach by the Company of this Agreement without the same being corrected within thirty 
 (30) days after being given written notice thereof by you. 
 
 F. No Further Obligations . The amounts and benefits provided for in this Section 9 shall be in lieu of any termination or severance payments or benefits for which you may be eligible or entitled, now or in the future, under any of the plans, policies, or programs of Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates. In addition, the amounts and benefits provided for in this Section 9 shall be inclusive of all statutory severance payable or otherwise provided to you in relation to your employment by Company and the termination of your employment under this Agreement and compensation for all required notice periods. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Section 9, from and after the date of such termination, you shall (i) have no right to receive any further compensation (including Base Salary or Bonus) hereunder, and, (ii) except to the extent required by law, cease to be covered under or be permitted to actively participate in any benefits plans or programs. 

G. Resignation from Officer and Director Positions . If your employment with Company terminates for any reason, you shall be deemed to have resigned at that time from any and all positions that you may have held with Company or any of its Affiliates, as designated by Company, or any other positions that you held on behalf of Company. If, for any reason, this Section 9G is deemed insufficient to effectuate such resignation, following a reasonable opportunity to review, you hereby authorize Company to execute any documents or instruments consistent herewith which Company may deem necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignation or resignations, and to act as your attorney-in- fact. Company will provide you with a copy of such documents. 

10. Restrictive Covenants . 

A. Non-Competition with the Company . You covenant and agree that during your employment and for a period of six (6) months following your separation from the Company for any reason, you shall not, directly or indirectly, enter into or engage in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or act as a consultant, advisor, employee or contractor for, any person, company or entity engaged in Competition with the Company. This restriction is limited to (i) a radius of fifty (50) miles from any Company office or other location where you worked or out of which you provided services during the two 

(2) years prior to your separation from employment with the Company, and (ii) any territory in which the Company engaged in its business during that time period. You are only restricted from working or performing services on your own behalf or for another entity where you have or will perform the same or similar type of work or service or offer the same or similar products or services that you performed or offered for the Company during your employment or the last year of your employment with the Company, whichever is shorter. The term in Competition with the Company means any company, person or entity engaged in the Business of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean 

5 

the development of smart home automation hardware or software for property owners, homeowners, managers or homebuilders. 
 
 B. Non-Solicitation of Customers . During your employment with the Company and for a period of six (6) months following your separation from the Company for whatever reason, you shall not, without the Company s consent, directly or indirectly, contact, solicit, accept solicited business from, or provide services to the Customers of the Company where those services compete with the services that the Company provided or offered during the two (2) years prior to your separation of employment with the Company. The term Customer shall mean any person, company, or entity with whom you had Material Contact and to whom, during the last year of your employment, the Company either (i) sold or provided any products or services to or (ii) was actively soliciting for the purchase of products or services. You will be deemed to have had Material Contact with a Customer if during your employment or the last year of your employment with the Company, whichever is shorter, you (i) directly interacted with such Customer; 

(ii) supervised an employee who interacted with such Customer; or (iii) obtained or received non-public information related specifically to the Company s business or prospective business with such Customer. This restriction is not intended to prohibit you from offering similar services or products to persons, companies, or entities that are not Customers. 
 
 C. Non-Solicitation of Employees . During your employment with the Company and for six (6) months following your separation from the Company for whatever reason, you shall not on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment or hire or assist in the solicitation or hiring of any employee who worked for or is affiliated with the Company and during your employment or the last year of your employment with the Company, whichever is shorter, either (i) reported, directly or indirectly, to you, (ii) worked with you on any Company-related project, product, or service, or (iii) worked for or with the same Customer(s) as you. This restriction includes but is not limited to: (a) providing to any such prospective employer the identities of any of the Company s employees; or (b) assisting any of the Company s employees in obtaining employment with your new employer through dissemination of resumes or otherwise. 

D. Review; Injunctive Relief; and Amendment 

i. The Company shall at all times maintain the right to seek enforcement of these provisions whether or not the Company has previously refrained from seeking enforcement of any provision herein or against any other individual who has signed an agreement with similar provisions. 

ii. You acknowledge and agree that the covenants contained herein are intended to ensure that the Company, its Affiliates, and their respective businesses are not adversely affected by your acting in a manner contrary to this Agreement and thereby damaging the results, prospects, and goodwill associated with the business (both present and future) of the Company and/or any of its Affiliates; that a breach of any section of this Agreement will cause serious harm to the Company and/or any of its Affiliates; and that all of the covenants and restrictions contained herein are reasonable and valid and all defenses to the enforcement thereof are hereby expressly waived. 

iii. You acknowledge that because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company as a result of a breach or threatened breach of any of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that would be caused to the Company and for which monetary damages would not be a sufficient remedy and would not be fully or adequately compensated by recovery of damages alone, it is hereby agreed that in addition to all other remedies and damages that may be available to the Company hereunder and at law or in equity, the Company and shall be entitled to specific performance and any injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. 

6 

iv. You understand the nature of the burdens imposed by the covenants in this Agreement. You acknowledge that you are entering into the Agreement on your own volition, and that you have been given the opportunity to have this Agreement reviewed by your legal counsel. You represent that upon careful review, you know of no reason why any covenant contained in this Agreement is not reasonable and enforceable and is necessary and reasonable to protect the interests of the Company and/or any of its Affiliates. You further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions and limitations imposed by this Agreement will not prevent you from earning a meaningful livelihood. 

v. The restrictive covenants set forth in this Section 10 are of the essence of this Agreement and they shall be construed as agreements independent of (i) any other agreements or (ii) any other provision in this Agreement. The existence of any claim or cause of action of you against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, regardless of who was at fault and regardless of any claims that either you or the Company may have against the other, will not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company against you of the restrictive covenants. The Company shall not be barred from enforcing the restrictive covenants set forth in this Section 10 by reason of any breach of (i) any other part of this agreement or (ii) any other agreement with you. 

vi. If any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Section 10 are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable as currently drafted, the Company and you request and authorize that court to modify any such provision by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law. 

vii. You and the Company agree and request that, if a court of competent jurisdiction rules that you breached a restrictive covenant contained in this Agreement, the court include in its order that the portion of the restricted time period during which you were in breach of the restrictive covenant be added to the remaining restricted period (if any) and that the extended restricted time period resume as of the date of the court s order. 

11. Notices . 

All notices and other communications required by this Agreement must be in writing, given by hand delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier, facsimile (with electronic confirmation of receipt and a copy sent by nationally recognized overnight courier) or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. Notices shall be sent to the following addresses (or such other address as a party may specify by like notice): 
 
 If to you, at the address set forth above, with a copy to your attorney: [INSERT ADDRESS OF ATTORNEY] 
 If to Company: 

8665 E. Hartford Drive, Suite 200 
 Scottsdale, Arizona 85255 

Notice shall be deemed given and delivered: (i) if delivered by hand or by facsimile, on the date delivered; 
 (ii) if delivered by nationally-recognized overnight courier, one business day after entrusted to such courier service; or (iii) if delivered by registered or certified U.S. mail, five business days after entrusted to the U.S. 
 
 7 

postal service. As used herein, the term business day shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday in the State of Arizona. 
 
 12. Representations . 

You hereby represent and warrant that you are free to enter into and perform your duties under this Agreement, without any contractual restrictions with respect to any prior employers, entities, or otherwise, and that you will not use any confidential information of any prior employers or entities in performing your responsibilities hereunder. 
 
 Company hereby represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and all corporate acts and other proceedings required to be taken by Company to authorize the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement have been duly taken. 
 
 13. Section 409A . 

A. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement shall comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (collectively, Code Section 409A ), and, accordingly, all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. If you notify Company (with specificity as to the reason therefore) that you believe that any provision of this Agreement (or of any award of compensation, including equity compensation or benefits) would cause you to incur any additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A and Company after good faith review concurs with such belief or Company (without any obligation whatsoever to do so) independently makes such determination, Company shall, after consulting with you, reform such provision to try to comply with Code Section 409A through good faith modifications to the minimum extent reasonably appropriate to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. To the extent that any provision hereof is modified in order to comply with Code Section 409A, such modification shall be made in good faith and shall, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, maintain the original intent and economic benefit to you and Company of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Code Section 409A. In no event whatsoever shall Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on you by Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 

B. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits constituting deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination or termination of employment or like references shall mean separation from service. If you are deemed on the date of termination of your employment to be a specified employee , within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and using the identification methodology selected by Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then with regard to any payment or benefit that is required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of your separation from service or (ii) the date of your death. On the first day of the seventh (7th) month following the date of the your separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of your death, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 13 (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due 

8 

under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 
 
 C. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Internal Revenue Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect, and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense occurred. 

D. If under this Agreement, an amount is to be paid in two (2) or more installments, for purposes of Code Section 409A, each installment shall be treated as a separate payment. 

E. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of Company. 

14. Additional Provisions . 

A. This Agreement, the Plan, and the Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement and Employee Arbitration Agreement entered concurrently with this Agreement, constitutes the entire Agreement between you and Company with respect to your employment by Company and cannot be changed or terminated orally. No modification or waiver of any of the provisions of the Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom it is sought to be enforced. The parties obligations under this Agreement which are intended to be fulfilled post-employment shall survive the termination of your employment, including the applicable provisions of Sections 8 through 13, and shall remain in full force and effect for as long as required notwithstanding the termination of your employment for any reason. 

B. In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to allow enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the parties shall receive the benefits contemplated herein to the fullest extent permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the judgment of such court, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 

C. No failure on the part of either party to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or remedy. 

D. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon your heirs and personal representatives of your estate and the successors and permitted assigns of Company, regardless of any change in its business structure, whether through spinoff, merger, sale of stock or assets, or any other transaction or assignment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement is a personal services contract and, as such, you may not assign any of your duties or obligations hereunder. Company may not assign this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder other than to an Affiliate or to an entity which, by way of merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of the assets of Company becomes a successor to 

9 

Company, so long as such successor assumes in writing Company s obligations hereunder (and Company agrees to deliver a copy to you of such assumption promptly following your request for such). For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Company shall include Company and, subject to the foregoing sentence, any of its successors and assigns. 
 
 E. You have been advised to seek the advice of independent counsel concerning the execution of this Agreement. Your signature below indicates you have received such counsel as you deem appropriate or have waived your right to do so. 

F. The headings of the several Paragraphs of this Agreements have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way restrict or modify any the terms of provisions hereof. This Agreement has been drafted by legal counsel representing Company, but you have participated in the negotiation of its terms. Furthermore, you acknowledge that you have had an opportunity to review and revise the Agreement and have it reviewed by legal counsel, if desired, and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. 

G. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to conflicts of laws. Each party consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Phoenix, Arizona, if applicable, in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Any and all disputes, other than requests for injunctive relief by either party, will be resolved through binding arbitration consistent with the Employee Arbitration Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . 

H. This Agreement may be executed in one or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

10 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 If the foregoing terms of this Agreement reflect our understanding and agreement, kindly sign this Agreement in the appropriate space below and return it to the undersigned, whereupon it will constitute an agreement between us. 
 
 Sincerely, SmartRent, Inc. 
 By: 		 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Enclosures: 
 Exhibit A - Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement. 
 
 Exhibit B Employee Arbitration Agreement 

I have read the foregoing Agreement, including the Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement, in its entirety, have consulted my own legal counsel as I deem necessary, and by signing below, I accept the terms and conditions of employment described in this Agreement. 
 
 AGREED AND ACCEPTED: 
 
 Dated: 4/28/2022	 
 By: Robyn Young 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 EXHIBIT A 
 
 EMPLOYEE CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement formalizes in writing certain understandings and procedures which have been in effect since the time I was initially employed by SmartRent, Inc. Company ). 
 
 1. Duties . In return for the compensation now and hereafter paid to me, I will perform such duties for Company as the Company may designate from time to time. During my employment with Company, I will devote my best efforts to the interests of Company, will not engage in other employment or in any activities that Company determines to be detrimental to its best interests and will otherwise abide by all of Company s policies and procedures. For purposes of this Agreement, SmartRent s business means the development of smart home automation hardware or software for property owners, homeowners, managers or homebuilders (the Business ). Furthermore, I will not (a) reveal, disclose or otherwise make available to any person any Company password or key, whether or not the password or key is assigned to me or (b) obtain, possess or use in any manner a Company password or key that is not assigned to me. I will use my best efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of any laptop or personal computer, peripheral device, software or related technical documentation that the Company issues to me, and I will not input, load or otherwise attempt any unauthorized use of software in any Company computer, whether or not such computer is assigned to me. 

2. Proprietary Information Definition . Proprietary Information includes (a) any Company information that is confidential or proprietary, technical or non-technical, including for example and without limitation, information related to Innovations (as defined in Section 4 below), concepts, techniques, processes, methods, systems, designs, computer programs, source documentation, trade secrets, formulae, development or experimental work, work in progress, forecasts, proposed and future products, marketing plans, financial information, business plans, customers and suppliers and any other nonpublic information that has commercial value or (b) any information Company has received from others that Company is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary, which may be made known to me by Company, a third party or otherwise that I may learn during my employment with Company. 

3. Ownership and Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information . All Proprietary Information is the sole property of Company, Company s assigns, Company s customers and Company s suppliers, as applicable. Company, Company s assigns, Company s customers and Company s suppliers, as applicable, are the sole and exclusive owners of all patents, copyrights, mask works, trade secrets and other rights in and to the Proprietary Information. I will not disclose any Proprietary Information to anyone outside Company, and I will use and disclose Proprietary Information to those inside Company only as may be necessary in the ordinary course of performing my duties as an employee of Company. If I have any questions as to whether information constitutes Proprietary Information, or to whom, if anyone, inside Company, any Proprietary Information may be disclosed, I will consult with my manager at Company. 

4. Innovations Definition . In this Agreement, Innovations means all discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, inventions (whether or not protectable under patent laws), works of authorship, information fixed in any tangible medium of expression (whether or not protectable under copyright laws), trade secrets, know-how, ideas (whether or not protectable under trade secret laws), mask works, trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress. 

5. Disclosure and License of Prior Innovations . I have listed on Exhibit A Prior Innovations ), attached hereto, all Innovations relating in any way to Company s Business or demonstrably anticipated research and development or business, which were conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me prior to my employment with Company (collectively, the Prior 

Exhibit A- 1 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 Innovations ). I represent that I have no rights in any such Company-related Innovations other than those Innovations listed on Exhibit A . If nothing is listed on Exhibit A , I represent that there are no Prior Innovations at the time of signing this Agreement. I hereby grant to Company and Company s designees a royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice all patent, copyright, moral right, mask work, trade secret and other intellectual property rights relating to any Prior Innovations that I incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, in any Innovations that I, solely or jointly with others, conceive, develop or reduce to practice during my employment with Company (the Company Innovations ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Prior Innovations in any Company Innovations without Company s prior written consent. 
 
 6. Future Innovations . I will disclose promptly in writing to Company all Innovations conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me during the term of my employment and for three (3) months thereafter, whether or not I believe such Innovations are subject to this Agreement, to permit a determination by Company as to whether or not the Innovations should be considered Company Innovations. Company will receive any such information in confidence. 

7. Disclosure and Assignment of Company Innovations . I will promptly disclose and describe to Company all Company Innovations. I hereby do and will assign to Company or Company s designee all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations cannot be assigned by me to Company, I hereby grant to Company an exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice such non-assignable rights, title and interest. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations can neither be assigned nor licensed by me to Company, I hereby irrevocably waive and agree never to assert such non-assignable and non-licensable rights, title and interest against Company or any of Company s successors in interest. 

This Section 7 shall be construed to apply to all Company Innovations with which I am involved from this date forward, as well as all Company Innovations with which I have been involved since my employment with the Company began. 
 
 8. Exclusion from Assignment . I understand that my obligation to assign, license or waive a claim with respect to any Innovation must comply with the requirements of applicable law, Section 7 of this Agreement (Disclosure and Assignment of Company Innovations) does not apply to, and I do not assign my rights to any Innovation (whether a Company Innovation or otherwise) when I can prove that: (a) I developed the Innovation entirely on my own time; (b) I did not use Company equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information in its development; (c) the Innovation does not relate (i) directly to the Business of Company, or (ii) to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Company; and (d) the Innovation does not result from any work performed by me for Company. This Section will be construed to apply to all Innovations with which I am involved from this date forward, as well as all Company Innovations with which I have been involved since my employment with Company began. 

9. Cooperation in Perfecting Rights to Innovations . I agree to perform, during and after my employment, all acts that Company deems necessary or desirable to permit and assist Company, at its expense, in obtaining and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world in the Innovations as provided to Company under this Agreement. If Company is unable for any reason to secure my signature to any document required to file, prosecute, register or memorialize the assignment of any rights or application or to enforce any right under any Innovations as provided under this Agreement, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and Company s duly authorized officers and agents as my agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on my behalf and instead of me to take all lawfully permitted 

Exhibit A- 2 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 acts to further the filing, prosecution, registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance, and enforcement of rights under such Innovations, all with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. The foregoing is deemed a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 
 10. Employment at Will . I acknowledge that my employment will be of indefinite duration and that either Company or I will be free to terminate my employment at any time with or without cause. I also acknowledge that any representations to the contrary are unauthorized and void, unless contained in a formal written employment contract signed by an officer of Company. 

11. Return of Materials . At any time upon Company s request, and when my employment with Company is over, I will return all materials (including, without limitation, documents, drawings, papers, electronic storage devices and tapes) containing or disclosing any Proprietary Information (including all copies thereof), as well as any keys, pass cards, identification cards, computers, printers, pagers, personal digital assistants or similar items or devices that the Company has provided to me. I will provide Company with a written certification of my compliance with my obligations under this Section. 

12. No Violation of Rights of Third Parties . During my employment with Company, I will not 

(a) breach any agreement to keep in confidence any confidential or proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by me prior to my employment with Company or (b) disclose to Company, or use or induce Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or any other third party. I am not currently a party, and will not become a party, to any other agreement that is in conflict, or will prevent me from complying, with this Agreement. 
 
 13. Defend Trade Secrets Act . Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, I acknowledge that I shall not have criminal or civil liability under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret or Proprietary Information that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, if I file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, I may disclose the trade secret to my attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if I (X) file any document containing the trade secret under seal and (Y) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

14. Survival . This Agreement (a) will survive my employment by Company; (b) does not in any way restrict my right to resign or the right of Company to terminate my employment at any time, for any reason or for no reason; (c) inures to the benefit of successors and assigns of Company; and (d) is binding upon my heirs and legal representatives. 

15. No Disparagement . During my employment with Company and after the termination thereof, I will not disparage Company, its products, services, agents or employees. 

16. Injunctive Relief . I agree that if I violate this Agreement, Company will suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which money damages are insufficient, and Company will be entitled to injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance, and such other relief as may be proper (including money damages if appropriate). 

17. Notices . Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when actually delivered; (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; (c) by facsimile transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission; or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt 

Exhibit A- 3 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 requested, upon verification of receipt. Notices to me will be sent to any address in Company s records or such other address as I may provide in writing. Notices to Company will be sent to Company s Human Resources Department or to such other address as Company may specify in writing. 
 
 18. Governing Law; Forum . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States of America and by the laws of the State of Arizona, as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Arizona. Company and I each irrevocably consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona, as applicable, for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, except that in actions seeking to enforce any order or any judgment of such federal or state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona, such personal jurisdiction will be nonexclusive. 

19. Severability . If a court of law holds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) that provision will be deemed amended to provide Company the maximum protection permitted by applicable law and (b) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not be affected. 

20. Waiver; Modification . If Company waives any term, provision or breach by me of this Agreement, such waiver will not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Company. No waiver will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by me. This Agreement may be modified only if both Company and I consent in writing. 

21. Assignment . The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall extend to all successors and assigns of Company, whether by merger, reorganization, sale of assets, operation of law or otherwise. 

22. Careful Review . I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully reviewed, together with any advisors as I deem necessary, all of the provisions of this Agreement and that I understand and will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions. 

23. Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents my entire understanding with Company with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous understandings, written or oral. 

[ Signature page follows .] 

Exhibit A- 4 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully read all the provisions of this Agreement and that I understand and will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions. 

COMPANY: 
 EMPLOYEE: 

SmartRent, Inc. 

By: 
 By: 

Title: 
 Title: 

Dated: 4/27/2022 
 Dated: 4/28/2022 

Exhibit A- 5 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 Exhibit A PRIOR INNOVATIONS 
 Check one of the following (if nothing is checked, then no such Prior Innovations exist): 
 
 NO PRIOR INNOVATIONS EXIST. OR 
 YES, PRIOR INNOVATIONS EXIST AS DESCRIBED BELOW (include basic 
 description of each Prior Innovation): 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 EXHIBIT B 
 
 EMPLOYEE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT 
 
 SmartRent, Inc. (the Company and the undersigned Employee hereby agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all claims or controversies between them (or between Employee and any present or former officer, director, agent, or employee of the Company or any parent, subsidiary, or other entity affiliated with the Company) relating in any manner to the employment or the termination of employment of Employee, including but not limited to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this Agreement, shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration. Except as specifically provided herein, any arbitration proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association the AAA Rules ), available at www.adr.org /rules or provided upon request by the Company. Claims subject to arbitration shall include without limitation contract claims, tort claims, claims relating to compensation and stock options, as well as claims based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation, including but not limited to any claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Arizona Employment Protection Act, the Arizona Civil Rights Act, and all other applicable Arizona law. However, claims for unemployment compensation, workers compensation, claims under the National Labor Relations Act, and other claims excluded by law shall not be subject to arbitration (the Excluded Claims ). The Parties agree that if any dispute involves both timely filed Excluded Claims and claims subject to this Agreement, the parties agree to bifurcate and stay for the duration of the arbitration proceedings any such Excluded Claims. 
 
 Except as provided otherwise by law and herein, Employee agrees that all claims must be brought in his or her individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or participating class member in any purported class, collective, or consolidated proceeding, and Employee expressly waives any right Employee had or may have had to have any dispute brought, heard, or arbitrated as a class action and/or as a collective action. The arbitrator has no authority to adjudicate class, collective, or consolidated proceedings, other than to enforce this provision. Also except as provided otherwise by law and herein, Employee further understands and agrees that Employee may not bring any claims as a plaintiff or participating class member in any purported representative action or proceeding, and Employee expressly waives any right Employee had or may have had to have any dispute brought, heard, or arbitrated as a representative action. The arbitrator has no authority to adjudicate representative proceedings, other than to enforce this provision. This class action waiver shall be interpreted consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act and Arizona law to the extent it is not preempted by federal law. 
 
 A neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties; however, if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within a reasonable period of time, then a neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the arbitrator nomination and selection procedure set forth in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator shall prepare a written decision containing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based so as to ensure meaningful judicial review of the decision. The arbitration proceedings will allow for reasonable discovery under the AAA Rules, and the arbitrator selected according to this agreement shall decide all discovery disputes. The arbitrator shall apply the same substantive law, with the same statutes of limitations and same remedies that would apply if the claims were brought in a court of law. The arbitrator shall have the authority to consider and decide pre-hearing motions, including dispositive motions. 
 
 Either the Company or Employee may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and to enforce an arbitration award. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit in any way related to any arbitrable claim, including without limitation any 

Exhibit B- 1 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 
 claim as to the making, existence, validity, or enforceability of the agreement to arbitrate. All arbitration hearings under this Agreement shall be conducted in Maricopa County, Arizona. 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement precludes a party from filing an administrative charge before an agency that has jurisdiction over an arbitrable claim. In addition, either party may, at its option, seek injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act to the extent allowed by law. In ruling on procedural and substantive issues raised in the arbitration itself, the arbitrator shall in all cases apply the substantive law of the State of Arizona. 
 
 Company shall bear the costs of the arbitrator, forum and filing fees. Each party shall pay its own costs and attorney s fees, unless a party prevails on a statutory claim, and the statute provides that the prevailing party is entitled to payment of its attorneys' fees. In that case, the arbitrator may award reasonable attorneys' fees and costs to the prevailing party as provided by law. The costs and fees of the arbitrator shall be paid by the Company. 
 
 This Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to create, a contract of employment, express or implied. This Agreement does not alter Employee s at-will employment status. Either Employee or the Company may terminate Employee s employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice. 
 
 If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court or the arbitrator to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties obligations under this Agreement shall survive the termination of Employee s employment with the Company and the expiration of this Agreement. 
 
 The Company and Employee understand and agree that this Arbitration Agreement contains a full and complete statement of any agreements and understandings regarding resolution of disputes between the parties, and the parties agree that this Arbitration Agreement supersedes all previous agreements, whether written or oral, express or implied, relating to the subjects covered in this agreement. The parties also agree that the terms of this Arbitration Agreement cannot be revoked or modified except in a written document signed by both Employee and the Company President. 
 
 THE PARTIES ALSO UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT NONE OF THOSE CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES SHALL BE RESOLVED BY A JURY TRIAL. 
 
 THE PARTIES FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS THIS AGREEMENT WITH THEIR LEGAL COUNSEL AND HAVE AVAILED THEMSELVES OF THAT OPPORTUNITY TO THE EXTENT THEY WISH TO DO SO. 
 
 [ Signature page follows .] 

Exhibit B- 2 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D6076F76-EC38-4F8B-AABD-1F9A6AC4E2B3 

Employee: Signature: 	 Print Name: Date: 4/28/2022 

SmartRent, Inc. Signature: 	 Print Name: Print Title: Date: 4/27/2022 

Exhibit B- 3 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 smrt-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of SmartRent Inc. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation / Organization 

SmartRent Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Alloy Home, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Zipato, Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

TRI PLUS GRUPA d.o.o 
 
 Croatia 

iQuue, LLC 
 
 Florida 

SightPlan Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

SightPlan, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

SightPlan, India Private Limited 
 
 India 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 smrt-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-259749 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-260605 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 8, 2023, relating to the financial statements of SmartRent, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Tempe, AZ March 8, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 smrt-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Lucas Haldeman, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SmartRent, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) [Omitted]; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 /s/ LUCAS HALDEMAN	 
 Lucas Haldeman	 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 smrt-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Hiroshi Okamoto, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SmartRent, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) [Omitted]; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 /s/ HIROSHI OKAMOTO	 
 Hiroshi Okamoto	 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 smrt-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of SmartRent, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Lucas Haldeman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:	 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 /s/ LUCAS HALDEMAN 		 
 Lucas Haldeman	 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 smrt-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of SmartRent, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Hiroshi Okamoto, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:	 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 /s/ HIROSHI OKAMOTO	 
 Hiroshi Okamoto	 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 11
 smrt-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99 

Exhibit 99.1 
 SMARTRENT, INC. INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
 As amended and restated effective as of January 24, 2023 
 
 This Insider Trading Policy (this Policy describes the standards of SmartRent, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company on trading, and causing the trading of, the Company s securities or securities of certain other publicly traded companies while in possession of confidential information. This Policy is divided into two parts: Part I prohibits trading in certain circumstances and applies to all of the Company s directors, officers, and employees and their respective immediate family members; and Part II imposes special additional trading restrictions and applies to the Company s (i) directors, (ii) executive officers, and (iii) employees listed on Exhibit B hereto (collectively, the Insiders ). 
 
 PART I 
 
 Section 1. Applicability . This Policy applies to all of the Company s employees, directors, officers, and consultants, their family members, and entities over which such individuals have or share voting or investment control. This Policy also applies to any other person who receives material non-public information from any Insider or is otherwise designated by the Company as a Compliance Officer (as defined below). For purposes of this Policy, family members include people who live with you, or are financially dependent on you, and also include those whose transactions in securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control. 
 
 This Policy continues to apply following termination of employment or other relationship through the first trading day after any material non-public information in your possession has become public or is no longer material. Each employee, officer, consultant, and director is personally responsible for the actions of their family members and other persons with whom they have a relationship who are subject to this Policy, including any pre-clearances required. 
 
 Section 2. General Policy: No Trading or Causing Trading While in Possession of Material Non-Public Information. 
 A. No person subject to this Policy may purchase or sell, or offer to purchase or sell, any Company security, whether or not issued by the Company, while in possession of material non-public information (as defined in Section 3 below) about the Company. 

B. No person subject to this Policy who knows of any material non-public information about the Company may communicate that information to tip any other person, including family members and friends, or otherwise disclose such information without the Company s authorization. Tipping includes passing information under 

circumstances that could suggest that you were trying to help another profit or avoid a loss. Exercise care when speaking with others who do not need to know , even if they are subject to this Policy, as well as when communicating with family, friends, and others not associated with the Company. To avoid the appearance of impropriety, refrain from discussing the Company s business or prospects or making recommendations about buying or selling the Company s securities or the securities of other companies with which the Company has a relationship. Inquiries about the Company should be directed to the Investor Relations team. 
 
 C. No person subject to this Policy may purchase or sell any security of any other company, whether or not issued by the Company, while in possession of material non-public information about that company that was obtained in the course of his or her involvement with the Company. No person subject to this Policy who knows of any such material non-public information may communicate that information to, or tip, any other person, including family members and friends, or otherwise disclose such information without the Company s authorization. 

D. For compliance purposes, you should never trade, tip, or recommend securities (or otherwise cause the purchase or sale of securities) while in possession of information that you have reason to believe is material and non-public unless you first consult with, and obtain the advance approval of, a Compliance Officer. 

E. Insiders must pre-clear all trading in securities of the Company in accordance with the procedures set forth in Part II below. 

Section 3. Definitions. 
 A. Material . Insider trading restrictions come into play only if the information you possess is material. Materiality, however, involves a relatively low threshold. Information is generally regarded as material if it has market significance, that is, if its public dissemination is likely to affect the market price of securities, or if it otherwise is information that a reasonable investor would want to know before making an investment decision. 

B. Information dealing with the following subjects is reasonably likely to be found material in particular situations: 

1. significant changes in the Company s prospects; 

2. significant write-downs in assets or increases in reserves; 

3. developments regarding significant litigation or government agency investigations; 

4. liquidity problems; 

2 

5. changes in earnings estimates or unusual gains or losses in major operations; 

6. major changes in the Company s management or the Board of Directors (the Board ); 

7. changes in dividends; 

8. extraordinary borrowings; 

9. major changes in accounting methods or policies; 

10. award or loss of a significant contract; 

11. cybersecurity risks and incidents, including vulnerabilities and breaches; 

12. changes in debt ratings; 

13. proposals, plans, or agreements, even if preliminary in nature, involving mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, recapitalizations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, or purchases or sales of substantial assets; and 

14. offerings of Company securities. 

C. Material information is not limited to historical facts but may also include projections and forecasts. With respect to a future event, such as a merger, acquisition, or introduction of a new product, the point at which negotiations or product development are determined to be material is determined by balancing the probability that the event will occur against the magnitude of the effect the event would have on a company s operations or stock price should it occur. Thus, information concerning an event that would have a large effect on the stock price, such as a merger, may be material even if the possibility that the event will occur is relatively small. When in doubt about whether particular non- public information is material, you should presume it is material. If you are unsure whether information is material, you should either consult a Compliance Officer before making any decision to disclose such information (other than to persons who need to know it) or to trade in or recommend securities to which that information relates or assume that the information is material. 

D. Non-Public . Insider trading prohibitions come into play only when you possess information that is material and non-public. The fact that information has been disclosed to a few members of the public does not make it public for insider trading purposes. To be public, the information must have been disseminated in a manner designed to reach investors generally, and the investors must be given the opportunity to absorb the information. Even after public disclosure of information about the Company, 

3 

you must wait until the close of business on the first trading day after the information was publicly disclosed before you can treat the information as public. 
 E. Nonpublic information may include: 

1. information available to a select group of analysts or brokers or institutional investors; 

2. undisclosed facts that are the subject of rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and 

3. information that has been entrusted to the Company on a confidential basis until a public announcement of the information has been made and enough time has elapsed for the market to respond to a public announcement of the information (normally two trading days). 

F. As with questions of materiality, if you are not sure whether information is considered public, you should either consult with a Compliance Officer or assume that the information is non-public and treat it as confidential. 

Section 4. Compliance Officer . The Company has designated Insider Trading Compliance Officers (each, a Compliance Officer ). The duties of each Compliance Officer will include the following: 
 
 A. administering, monitoring, and enforcing compliance with this Policy; 

B. responding to all inquiries relating to this Policy; 

C. designating and announcing special trading blackout periods during which no Insiders may trade in Company securities; 

D. providing copies of this Policy and other appropriate materials to all current and new directors, officers, and employees, and such other persons as a Compliance Officer determines have access to material non-public information concerning the Company; 

E. administering, monitoring, and enforcing compliance with federal and state insider trading laws and regulations; 

F. assisting in the preparation and filing of all required SEC reports relating to trading in Company securities, including without limitation Forms 3, 4, 5, and 144 and Schedules 13D and 13G; 

G. maintaining as Company records originals or copies of all documents required by the provisions of this Policy or the procedures set forth herein, and copies of 

4 

all required SEC reports relating to insider trading, including without limitation Forms 3, 4, 5, and 144 and Schedules 13D and 13G; 
 H. revising this Policy as necessary to reflect changes in federal or state insider trading laws and regulations; and 

I. maintaining the accuracy of the list of Section 16 Individuals as set forth on Exhibit A and the list of Insider Employees as set forth on Exhibit B , and updating such lists periodically as necessary to reflect additions or deletions. 

Compliance Officers may designate one or more individuals who may perform the Compliance Officer s duties in the event that a Compliance Officer is unable or unavailable to perform such duties. In fulfilling duties under this Policy, the Compliance Officers shall be authorized to consult with the Company s outside legal counsel. 
 
 Section 5. Only Designated Company Spokespersons Are Authorized to Disclose Material Non-Public Information . U.S. federal securities laws prohibit the Company from selectively disclosing material non-public information. The Company has established procedures for releasing material information in a manner that is designed to achieve broad dissemination of the information immediately upon its release. Employees may not, therefore, disclose material non-public information to anyone outside the Company, including family members and friends, other than in accordance with those established procedures. Any inquiries about the Company should be directed to the Investor Relations team. 
 
 Section 6. Employees Must Follow Company Communications Guidelines . Employees must follow the SmartRent Disclosure and Regulation FD Policy when communicating about the Company, including via social media or other Internet posting. 
 
 Section 7.	 Other Transactions in Company Securities; Certain Exceptions to Policy. 
 
 A. General Rule . This Policy applies to all transactions in the Company s securities, including any securities the Company may issue from time to time, such as preferred stock, warrants, and convertible debentures, as well as to derivative securities relating to the Company s stock, whether or not issued by the Company, such as exchange- traded options. 

B. Employee Benefit Plans. 

1. Equity Incentive Plans . The trading restrictions set forth in this Policy do not apply to the exercise of stock options or other equity awards for cash, but do apply to all sales of securities acquired through the exercise of stock options or other equity awards, including same-day sale or cashless exercise of Company stock options. 

5 

2. Employee Stock Purchase Plans . The trading restrictions set forth in this Policy do not apply to purchases of Company securities pursuant to the employee s advance instructions under employee stock purchase plans or employee benefit plans (e.g., a pension or 401(k) plan). However, no alteration to instructions regarding the level of withholding or the purchase of Company securities in such plans is permitted while in the possession of material non-public information. Any sale of securities acquired under such plans remains subject to the prohibitions and restrictions of this Policy. 

C. Restricted Stock Awards . This Policy does not apply to the vesting of restricted stock, or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which you elect to have the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any restricted stock. The Policy does apply, however, to any market sale of restricted stock. 

D. Stock Option Exercises . This Policy does not apply to the exercise of an employee stock option acquired pursuant to the Company s plans, or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which a person has elected to have the Company withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy tax withholding requirements. This Policy does apply, however, to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 

Section 8. Policy Violations Must Be Reported . Any person who violates this Policy, the Company s Disclosure Policy or any federal or state laws governing insider trading, or knows of any such violation by any other person, must report the violation immediately to a Compliance Officer or the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee ), as the SEC can seek civil penalties against the Company, and its directors and supervisory personnel for failing to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal trading. Upon learning of any such violation, a Compliance Officer or the Audit Committee, in consultation with the Company s legal counsel, will determine whether the Company should release any material non-public information or whether the Company should report the violation to the SEC or other appropriate governmental authority. 
 
 Section 9. Company May Suspend All Trading Activities by Employees . In order to avoid any questions and to protect both employees and the Company from any potential liability, from time to time, the Company may impose a blackout period during which some or all employees may not buy or sell Company securities. A Compliance Officer will impose such a blackout period if, in his or her judgment, there exists non-public information that would make trades by the Company s employees (or certain employees) inappropriate in light of the risk that such trades could be viewed as violating applicable securities laws. If you are made aware of such a blackout period, do not disclose its existence to anyone. 

6 

Section 10.	 Violations of Insider Trading Laws or this Policy Can Result in Severe Consequences 
 
 A. Civil and Criminal Penalties . The consequences of prohibited insider trading or tipping can be severe. Persons violating insider trading or tipping rules may be required to disgorge profit made or loss avoided, pay civil penalties up to three times the profit made or loss avoided, face private action for damages, as well as be subject to criminal penalties, including up to 20 years in prison and fines of up to 5 million. The Company and/or the supervisors of the person violating the rules may also be required to pay major civil or criminal penalties. 

B. Company Discipline . Violation of this Policy or federal or state insider trading laws by any director, officer, or employee may subject the director to removal proceedings and the officer or employee to disciplinary action by the Company, including termination for cause. 

Section 11. This Policy Is Subject to Revision . The Company may change the terms of this Policy from time to time to respond to developments in law and practice, and will take steps to inform all affected persons of any material changes. 
 Section 12. All Persons Must Acknowledge their Agreement to Comply with this Policy . This Policy will be available on the Company s internal website, delivered to all persons subject to this Policy upon adoption, and to all new other persons at the start of their employment or relationship with the Company. Upon first receiving a copy of this Policy or any revised versions, each such person must sign an acknowledgment that he or she has received a copy and agrees to comply with this Policy s terms. This acknowledgment and agreement will constitute consent for the Company to impose sanctions for violation of this Policy and to issue any necessary stop-transfer orders to the Company s transfer agent to enforce compliance with this Policy. 
 
 Section 13.	 PART II 
 
 Section 14. Executive Officers, Directors, and Certain Named Employees are Subject to Additional Restrictions. 
 
 A. Section 16 Insiders . The Company has designated those persons listed on Exhibit A (each a Section 16 Insider as the directors and executive officers who are subject to the reporting provisions and trading restrictions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the underlying rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. The Company will amend Exhibit A from time to time as necessary to reflect the addition and the resignation or departure of Section 16 Insiders. 

B. Insider Employees . The Company has designated those persons listed on Exhibit B Insider Employees as employees who have frequent access to material non- 

7 

public information concerning the Company. The Company will amend Exhibit B from time to time as necessary to reflect the addition and departure of Insider Employees. 
 C. Additional Restrictions . Because Section 16 Insiders and Insider Employees regularly possess material non-public information about the Company, and in light of the reporting requirements to which Section 16 Insiders are subject under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, Section 16 Insiders and Insider Employees are subject to the additional restrictions set forth in this Part II. For purposes of this Policy, Section 16 Insiders and Insider Employees are each referred to as Insiders. 

Section 15. Trading Window . Any trade by an Insider that is subject to this Policy will be permitted only during an open trading window . Even when the trading window is open, all Company personnel are prohibited from trading in Company securities while in possession of material non-public information. The trading window generally opens following the close of trading on the first full trading day following the public issuance of the Company s earnings release for the most recent fiscal quarter and closes at the close of trading on the 16th day of the last month of a fiscal quarter. In addition to when the trading window is scheduled to be closed, the Company may impose a special blackout period at its discretion due to the existence of material non-public information. A Compliance Officer will advise Insiders when the trading window opens and closes. 
 
 Section 16. Trade Pre-Clearance Required . As part of this Policy, all purchases and sales of equity securities of the Company by Insiders, other than transactions that are not subject to this Policy or transactions pursuant to a Trading Plan (as defined below) authorized by a Compliance Officer, must be pre-cleared by a Compliance Officer. This requirement is intended to prevent inadvertent violations of this Policy, avoid trades involving the appearance of improper insider trading, facilitate timely Form 4 reporting by Section 16 Insiders, and avoid transactions that are subject to disgorgement under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Requests for pre-clearance must be submitted on the form attached hereto as Exhibit C to a Compliance Officer at least two business days in advance of each proposed transaction. If the Insider does not receive a response from a Compliance Officer within 24 hours, the Insider must follow up to ensure that the message was received. Once the proposed transaction is pre-cleared, the Insider may proceed with it on the approved terms, provided that he or she complies with all other securities law requirements, such as Rule 144 and prohibitions regarding trading on the basis of inside information, and with any special trading blackout imposed by the Company prior to the completion of the trade. 
 
 Section 17. Pre-Clearance of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans Required . Pre-clearance is required for the establishment of a documented trading plan (the Trading Plan under Rule 10b5-1 Rule 10b5-1 at least five full trading days prior to entry into or modification of the Trading Plan. However, pre-clearance will not be required for individual transactions effected pursuant to a pre-cleared Trading Plan. All Section 16 Insiders must immediately report the results of transactions effected under a Trading Plan to a Compliance Officer since they will be reportable 
 
 8 

on Form 4 within two business days following the execution of the trade, subject to an extension of not more than two additional business days where the Section 16 Insider is not immediately aware of the execution of the trade. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any transactions by a Compliance Officer who is also an Insider shall be subject to pre-clearance by another Compliance Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or, in the event of their unavailability, the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 18. Hardship Exemptions . Compliance Officers may, on a case by case basis, authorize a transaction in Company securities outside of the trading window (but in no event during a special blackout period) due to financial or other hardship. Any request for a hardship exemption must be in writing and must describe the amount and nature of the proposed transaction and the circumstances of the hardship. The Insider requesting the hardship exemption must also certify to a Compliance Officer within two business days prior to the date of the proposed trade that he or she is not in possession of material non-public information concerning the Company. The existence of the foregoing procedure does not in any way obligate a Compliance Officer to approve any hardship exemption requested by an Insider. 
 
 Section 19. Brokers . All Insiders must ensure that their broker does not to execute any transaction for the Insider (other than under a previously authorized Rule 10b5-1 trading plan) until the broker has verified with a Compliance Officer that the transaction has been pre-cleared. 
 Section 20. Reporting of Transactions Required . To facilitate timely reporting under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, Section 16 Insiders are required to on the same day as the trade date , or, with respect to transactions effected pursuant to a Trading Plan under Rule 10b5-1, on the day the Insider is advised of the terms of the transaction, (a) report the details of each transaction to a Compliance Officer, and (b) arrange with persons whose trades must be reported by the Insider under Section 16 (such as immediate family members living in the Insider s household) to immediately report directly to the Company and to the Insider the following transaction details: 
 
 transaction date (trade date); 

number of shares involved; 

price per share at which the transaction was executed (before addition or deduction of brokerage commission and other transaction fees); 

for stock option exercises, the specific option exercised; and 

contact information for the broker who executed the transaction. 

The transaction details must be reported to a Compliance Officer, with copies to Company personnel who will assist the Section 16 Insider in preparing his or her Form 4. 

9 

Section 21. Oversight by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board (the Governance Committee will be responsible for monitoring and recommending any modification to this Policy, if necessary or advisable, to the Board. The Governance Committee will also review, at least annually, those individuals who are deemed to be executive officers for purposes of Section 16 and will recommend any changes regarding such status to the Board. 
 Section 22. Named Employees Considered Insiders . The Governance Committee will review, at least annually, those individuals deemed to be Insiders for purposes of this Part 
 II. Insiders shall include persons subject to Section 16 and such other persons as the Governance Committee deems to be Insiders. Generally, Insiders shall be any person who by function of their employment is consistently in possession of material non-public information or performs an operational role, such as head of a division or business unit, that is material to the Company as a whole. 
 
 Section 23. Special Guidelines for Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans . Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Insider will not be deemed to have violated this Policy for transactions that meet all of the enumerated criteria below: 
 A. The transaction must be made pursuant to a documented Trading Plan entered into in good faith that complies with all provisions of Rule 10b5-1, including, without limitation: 

1. Each Trading Plan adopted by a Section 16 Insider must provide that trading under the plan cannot begin until the later of: (a) ninety days after the adoption of the Trading Plan; or (b) two business days following the disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was adopted. 

2. Each Trading Plan adopted by a Section 16 Insider must include a representation in such Trading Plan certifying, at the time of adoption, that the adopting Section 16 Insider (a) is not aware of material non-public information about the Company or its securities; and (b) is adopting the plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1. 

3. Each Trading Plan adopted by a person other than a Section 16 Insider must provide that trading under the plan cannot begin until the later of: (a) thirty days after the adoption of the Trading Plan; or (b) two business days following the disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or 10- K for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was adopted. 

4. Each Trading Plan must: 

10 

a. specify the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the securities are to be purchased or sold; or 

b. include a written formula or algorithm, or computer program, for determining the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the securities were to be purchased or sold. 

5. Each Trading Plan must prohibit the Insider and any other person who possesses material non-public information from exercising any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to effect purchases or sales. 

B. Prior to adopting a Trading Plan, any Section 16 Insider entering into such Trading Plan must submit the certification on the form attached hereto as Exhibit D to a Compliance Officer at least two business days in advance of adopting such Trading Plan, certifying that: (a) he or she is not aware of material non-public information about the Company or its securities; and (b) he or she is adopting the plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1. 

C. Each Trading Plan must be authorized prior to the effective time of any transactions under such Trading Plan by a Compliance Officer (or, if revised or amended, such revisions or amendments must be authorized during an open trading window in advance of any subsequent transactions). The Company reserves the right to withhold authorization of any Trading Plan that a Compliance Officer determines, in his or her sole discretion, 

1. fails to comply with Rule 10b5-1, 

2. exposes the Company or the Insider to liability under any other applicable state or federal rule, regulation, or law, 

3. creates any appearance of impropriety, 

4. fails to meet the guidelines established by the Company, or 

5. otherwise fails to satisfy review by a Compliance Officer for any reason, in the sole discretion of such Compliance Officer. 

D. Any modifications to the Trading Plan or deviations from the Trading Plan without prior authorization of a Compliance Officer is a violation of this Policy. Any such modifications or deviations are subject to the authorization of a Compliance Officer in accordance with Section C above. 

11 

E. Each Trading Plan must be established at a time when the trading window is open and the person is not in possession of material non-public information. 

F. No Insider may (i) adopt a new Trading Plan, or (ii) enter into a single trade plan i.e. , a plan to affect the purchase or sale of the total amount of securities in a single transaction where the agent s future trades do not depend on events or data unknown at the time the plan is entered into, and it is not reasonably foreseeable that the plan might result in multiple transactions when the plan is entered into), if such Insider already has another Trading Plan outstanding (each, a Pre-Existing Trading Plan ); provided, however, that the Insiders may transact directly with the Company while there is a Pre-Existing Trading Plan (the Prohibition on Overlapping Trading Plans ). Below is a list of exceptions to the Prohibition on Overlapping Trading Plans: 

1. Trades with Different Broker-Dealers under a Single Plan : Insiders may use multiple brokers, through a series of separate contracts with different broker-dealers or agents acting on behalf of the Insider (other than the Company), to execute trades under a single Trading Plan that covers securities held in different accounts, if each contract, when taken together as a whole, meets all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1. Any modification of one plan, contract or arrangement will be treated as a modification of the other contracts that are part of the single Trading Plan. 

2. Consecutive 10b5-1 Plans : An Insider may maintain two separate Trading Plans at the same time if trading under the later-commencing Trading Plan is not authorized to begin until after all trades under the Pre-Existing Trading Plan are completed or expired. This exception is not available if the first trade under the later Trading Plan is scheduled to occur during the cooling off period described in Section 22A applicable to the later Trading Plan had it been adopted on the date the Pre-Existing Trading Plan terminated. 

3. Sell-to-Cover Transactions : Insiders may have a second Trading Plan in addition to the Pre-Existing Trading Plan if the Trading Plan only authorizes qualified sell-to-cover transactions that instruct the Insider s agents to sell securities in order to satisfy tax withholding obligations at the time an award vests. 

G. Each Trading Plan must provide appropriate mechanisms to ensure that the Insider complies with all rules and regulations, including Rule 144, Rule 701, and Section 16(b), applicable to securities transactions under the Trading Plan by the Insider. 

H. Each Trading Plan must provide for the suspension of all transactions under such Trading Plan in the event that the Company, in its sole discretion, deems such suspension necessary and advisable, including suspensions necessary to comply with trading restrictions imposed in connection with any lock-up agreement required in connection with a securities issuance transaction or other similar events. 

12 

I. None of the Company, the Compliance Officers, nor any of the Company s officers, employees, or other representatives shall be deemed, solely by their authorization of a Trading Plan, to have represented that any Trading Plan complies with Rule 10b5-1 or to have assumed any liability or responsibility to the Insider or any other party if such Trading Plan fails to comply with Rule 10b5-1. 

Section 24.	 Certain Types of Transactions Are Prohibited. 
 A. Short Sales . Short sales of Company securities are prohibited, as short sales evidence the seller s expectation that Company securities will decline in value, signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in the Company or its short-term prospects, and may reduce the seller s incentive to improve Company performance. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act prohibits executive officers and directors from engaging in short sales. 

B. Publicly Traded Options . Transactions in puts, calls, or other derivative securities involving Company stock are prohibited, as such transaction is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of the Company s stock, creates the appearance of trading based on inside information, and may focus attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. 

C. Hedging Transactions . Hedging or monetization transactions (including but not limited to zero-cost collars, prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, puts, calls, collars, forwards, and other derivative instruments) are prohibited, as such transactions allow you to continue to own Company securities without the full risks and rewards of ownership and as a result, you may not have the same objectives as other stockholders. 

D. Margin Accounts and Pledges . Directors, officers, employees and consultants are prohibited from holding Company securities in a margin account or pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan, without obtaining prior approval. An exception to this prohibition may be granted where a person represents to the Company that (a) they have the financial capacity to repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities or the securities subject to the margin account, (b) the securities pledged, or subject to the margin account, do not represent more than 50 of the total securities beneficially owned by such person, and (c) the loan, pledge or margin account arrangements does not contain provisions requiring automatic or forced sales prior to notice and a cure period of not less than three (3) business days. Unless waived by the Company, any person who wishes to pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan, or hold Company securities in a margin account, must submit a request for approval to the Chief Legal Officer sufficiently far enough in advance of the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed arrangement to permit an adequate amount of time to consider the request. Notwithstanding the pre-clearance of any request, any pledged securities will not count for purposes of any Company minimum stock ownership guidelines and the 

13 

Company assumes no liability for the consequences of any transaction made pursuant to such request. 
 E. Short-Term Trading . Executive officers and directors who purchase Company securities in the open market may not sell any Company securities of the same class during the six months following the purchase (or vice versa), as short-term trading of the Company s securities may be distracting and may unduly focus the person on short- term stock market performance, instead of the Company s long-term business objectives, and may result in the disgorgement of any short swing profits. 

14 

EXHIBIT A SECTION 16 INSIDERS 
 (AS OF JANUARY 6, 2023) 
 
 Name	Title 
 
 Lucas Haldeman	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Director Hiroshi Okamoto	Chief Financial Officer 
 Isaiah DeRose-Wilson	Chief Technology Officer Brian Roberts	Chief Legal Officer 
 Robyn Young	Chief Marketing Officer 
 Alana Beard	Directors 
 Robert Best	Director 
 Bruce Strohm	Director 
 Fred Tuomi	Director 
 John Dorman	Director 
 Ann Sperling	Director 

EXHIBIT B INSIDER EMPLOYEES 
 AS OF JANUARY 6, 2023 
 
 Name	Title 
 
 Lucas Haldeman	Chief Executive Officer 
 Hiroshi Okamoto	Chief Financial Officer Isaiah DeRose-Wilson	Chief Technology Officer Sarah Roudybush	Chief of Staff 
 Brian Roberts	Chief Legal Officer 
 Robyn Young	Chief Marketing Officer 
 Demetrios Barnes	EVP, Client Engagement 
 Mitchell Karren	EVP, Corporate Development 
 Heather Auer	Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 Daryl Stemm	Senior Vice President, Finance 
 Justin Lesko	Director of Partnerships 
 Mike McDonald	Vice President, Accounting and Finance 
 Jordan Hymas	Controller 
 Lauren Warddrip	Senior Financial Analyst 
 Denise Furrer	Executive Administrative Assistant 
 Kristen Lee	Vice President Deputy General Counsel 
 Terry Danner	EVP, Sales 
 Joseph Westlake	EVP, Product 
 Amanda Chavez	Director, Corporate Communications 
 Nate Stormer	Chief Creative Officer VP Design 
 Wyron Bobis	Senior Vice President, Operations 
 Annalise Lasater	VP, Investor Relations 
 Sebastian Popovic	CEO, Tri Plus Grupa 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 FORM OF PRECLEARANCE REQUEST AND APPROVAL 
 
 (Under the Company s Insider Trading Policy) 
 
 The undersigned hereby requests approval of the following transaction in the shares of common stock of SmartRent, Inc. (the Company ). 
 
 _____ A transaction to purchase _____ shares/dollars of common stock of the Company. 
 
 _____ A transaction to sell _____ shares/dollars of common stock of the 	 
 Company. 
 
 The undersigned understands and agrees that: 
 
 This request is made, and approval is given, under the Company s Insider Trading Policy (the Policy '). 

This transaction is for my own account and not a transaction for a family member as described in the Policy. 

Any limit order that may be given to a broker must either be consummated or cancelled before the close of the trading window (noted below) during which this approval is given. 

If the undersigned is a Section 16 reporting person, a Compliance Officer of the Company may request from the undersigned s broker, and the undersigned s broker is authorized to provide directly to a Compliance Officer or his designees, information regarding each transaction of the undersigned in the shares of the Company s common stock executed by the broker for reporting and compliance purposes under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(Signature) Print Name: Date: 

This transaction has been approved for the trading window commencing 	 
 and ending, unless closed earlier in accordance with the terms of the Policy. By: 

[ ] 
 
 Date: 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 FORM OF RULE 10b5-1 CERTIFICATION 
 
 (Under the Company s Insider Trading Policy) 
 
 Prior to entering into a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan (the Plan ), the undersigned hereby certifies to SmartRent, Inc. (the Company the following: 
 The undersigned is not aware of material non-public information about the Company or its securities. 
 
 The undersigned is adopting the Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1. 
 
 The undersigned will act in good faith throughout the duration of the Plan comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1. 

(Signature) Print Name: Date: 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 smrt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 smrt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 smrt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 smrt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 smrt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

