<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1840161_0001213900-23-024098.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4117011</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225689</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>797458</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>887960</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1080089</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1022387</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024098.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329161543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024098
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40181
		FILM NUMBER:		23775384

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9173103722

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Forest Road Acquisition Corp. III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024098.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_forestroad2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-fifth of one 
Redeemable Warrant FRXB.U The New York Stock Exchange The Redeemable Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for 
 11.50 per share FRXB WS The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding
shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was
 . 

As of March 29, 2023, there were 
shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 20 

PART II 
 21 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 21 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 22 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 24 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 24 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 24 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 25 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 25 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 25 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 26 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 33 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 33 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 35 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 36 

PART IV 
 38 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 38 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 38 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

the impact on our amount held in trust, our capitalization and other impacts on our Company or management team should we seek to extend the deadline for consummating our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity
 and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account (as defined below) balance; or 

our financial performance. 

ii 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2023 Special Meeting are to the Company s special meeting of stockholders held on March 3, 2023; 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Cantor refers to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., one of the representatives of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

Class A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period are to the 33-month period, from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to December 12, 2023, that the Company presently has to consummate a business combination; 

common stock are to the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock; 

Company, our Company, we or us are to Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware corporation; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension are to the extension approved at the 2023 Special Meeting, pursuant to which the deadline by which the Company has to complete a business combination was extended from March 12, 2023 to December 12, 2023; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

iii 

Forest Road refers to The Forest Road Company, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor; 

FRX I refers to Forest Road Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: BODY), a special purpose acquisition company that consummated its initial business combination with The Beachbody Company Group, LLC and Myx Fitness Holdings, LLC on June 25, 2021; 

founder shares are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in the private placement (as defined below) and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described herein for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below)) ; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on March 12, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021 (File No. 333-253274), as amended, and the Form S-1MEF filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021 (File No. 333-254065); 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Morgan Stanley refers to Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, one of the representatives of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

NYSE are to the New York Stock Exchange; 

our team are to our executive officers, directors, and strategic advisors; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private placement are to the private placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

public shares are to shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

iv 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor or Sponsor are to Forest Road Acquisition Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

TMTC are to businesses in the technology, media, telecommunications, and consumer space; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which a portion from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the private placement warrants was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-fifth of one public warrant; 

Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company ; and 

Withum, are to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting our initial business combination. 

Initial Public Offering and Extension 

On March 12, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 35,000,000 units, which included 4,500,000 units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant of the
Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock for 11.50 per whole share. The units were
sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 350,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 warrants to our sponsor at a purchase price
of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 9,000,000. 

A total of 350,000,000, comprised
of 343,000,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 7,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants,
was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

Our management team is led
by Thomas Staggs, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairperson, and Kevin Mayer, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairperson.
On March 3, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved the Extension extending the date by which the Company must consummate its
initial business combination from March 12, 2023 to December 12, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors).
If the Company s initial business combination is not completed by the end of the Combination Period, then the Company s existence
will terminate, and the Company will distribute the amounts in the trust account as provided in the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. In connection with the Extension, the Company s stockholders holding 30,525,396 public shares exercised
their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, 310.0 million (approximately
 10.16 per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such holders. 

Market Opportunity 

The acceleration of disruptive
trends across the TMTC space is creating substantial opportunity for companies to innovate and grow. The pace of change has increased
given the effects of the global pandemic rendering an ever-greater number of public-ready businesses taking advantage of the
transition from analog to digital consumption formats. We seek out companies that are best positioned to benefit from continued shifts
in consumer behavior, have the potential to be category leaders, and where scale benefits reinforce value across commercial networks.
We have a leadership team that has extensive experience driving success across the TMTC complex, which we believe enhances our ability
to attract high-quality merger candidates and to optimize commercial performance post-combination. We have focused and will continue
to focus on businesses that leverage the following macro themes: 

Consumer behavior fundamentally changing. Technology is redefining the way consumers interact with the world. The proliferation of high-speed internet service and connected devices has enabled consumer internet applications to become the dominant means by which a vast and growing number of consumers interact socially, meet transportation and dining needs, experience media and entertainment, discover and purchase goods, obtain financial services, and engage in lifestyle related activities. New customer cohorts are emerging daily, which together with the deployment of 5G internet is expected to extend and amplify the runway for growth. 

1 

Social community aggregation platforms are transforming how culture is created. Shared experiences within virtual communities have transformed business models across social media, lifestyle and fitness, mobile games, OTT video, sports betting, and various other consumer sub-verticals. Companies are pursuing platform strategies that connect content creators, educators, experts, and brands to consumers driving network effects that optimize user acquisition and retention, while enabling durable monetization models. 

Premium Intellectual Property IP driving significant value expansion. Technology, media, and entertainment companies are increasingly focused on creating and acquiring IP with wide appeal and franchise potential. Given the high volume of content produced annually, it has become imperative to own or have advantaged access to premium IP that stands out and resonates with audiences as well as offers monetization opportunities beyond traditional avenues. The quest for a greater share of the consumer wallet and engagement has resulted in large scale strategic activity, such as Disney s acquisition of 21 st Century Fox and AT T s acquisition of Time Warner, as well as increased investments in original and licensed content by subscription video on demand services, such as Netflix. The limited supply of premium IP and high consumer demand has led to substantial competition and has driven an increase in the value of content. 

Cutting-edge technologies facilitating new offerings. Next generation technology tool sets are being made available to a wider swath of market participants unlocking myriad growth opportunities. Increasingly, society has broad access to technological infrastructure that new businesses can build upon and consumers can utilize for entertainment and communication. Innovations in gaming, computing power, artificial intelligence, augmented reality and virtual reality, and digital video and audio consumption create new avenues of entertainment, while 5G and the proliferation of high-speed internet is enabling these experiences to flourish. 

Evolving ecosystem reshaping traditional business models. Market leaders continue to look for new ways to leverage their premium assets and key brands. Traditionally segregated business models are converging as the ability to monetize across multiple channels becomes imperative. New consumer options span from la carte purchase to free, ad-supported, subscription, and micro-transaction models, as well as new bundled service offerings. Additionally, businesses are capitalizing on existing IP through 360-degree monetization, expanding the use case into other revenue-generating opportunities, such as consumer products and licensing, interactive entertainment, theme parks, and other experiences. 

Companies in need of capital due to idiosyncratic market conditions . Market dislocation and unforeseen economic circumstances caused by COVID-19 have challenged the TMTC landscape, adversely impacting the revenues and cash flows of many corporations, large private equity portfolio companies, and private founder-owned companies, requiring them to raise equity capital. Within the media landscape, many segments including content production, live events, and sports, as well as the services that support these segments, are in need of additional capital, even while maintaining sound defensible market positions. This dislocation creates potential investment opportunities to support these businesses to survive the current environment and maintain their leading market positions. 

Business Strategy 

Our strategy is and will continue
to be to identify and partner with high-growth businesses in the TMTC space that can benefit from the investment and operational
expertise of our team to deliver value to our stockholders. 

We believe that the media
and entertainment, lifestyle, fitness, sports, and live event industries are undergoing rapid and aggressive technology-induced change,
resulting in secular growth as consumer reach and engagement opportunities expand and new monetization opportunities emerge. We believe
that our team offers a differentiated value proposition to potential targets combining deep operational insights and marketplace recognition
across the TMTC investor base. 

2 

Our selection process leverages
our team s and Forest Road s deep relationship network, industry experiences, and deal sourcing capabilities to access a broad
spectrum of differentiated opportunities. Specifically, the relationships and reputation we have built in the TMTC space have provided
us an opportunity to source proprietary deal flow from certain of our clients, their affiliates, and colleagues, as well as provide differentiated
sources of intelligence for the team to analyze as we work through business and transaction due diligence to ensure we are partnering
with a fundamentally sound long-term company. Members of our team have communicated and will continue to communicate with their network
of relationships to articulate our initial business combination criteria, including the parameters of our search for a target business,
and have begun the disciplined process of pursuing and reviewing promising leads. 

Competitive Advantages 

We capitalize on the ability
of our team to identify, acquire, and operate a business that will benefit from their involvement by utilizing the following differentiating
factors to our advantage: 

Expertise in operating businesses. Our team has a track record of building industry-leading companies to deliver stockholder value over an extended time period. As a public entity, we believe we offer a wide range of advantages to stockholders. These include, but are not limited to, utilizing our team s collective skills and experience that have the potential to catalyze accelerated and profitable growth, broader access to debt and equity capital providers, liquidity alternatives for employees and investors, public currency for potential acquisitions, and improved branding in the marketplace. 

History of transformational acquisitions. Members of our team have been involved in noteworthy content and IP transactions in the TMTC space, including but not limited to, the acquisitions of Capital Cities/ABC, Pixar, Marvel Entertainment, Lucasfilm, 21 st Century Fox, and BAMTech by Disney. 

Proprietary sourcing network. We believe our selection process leverages our team s and Forest Road s networks of industry, private equity sponsor, growth equity investor, and lending community relationships as well as relationships with management teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, consultants, advisers, attorneys, and accountants, which have provided us with a number of business combination opportunities. We believe that our network within the TMTC space is deep and that our team is well positioned to identify high-growth acquisition opportunities across the evolving and disrupted landscape. 

Execution and structuring capabilities. We believe our team s combined expertise and reputation allows us to source and complete transactions possessing structural attributes that create an attractive investment thesis. These types of transactions are typically complex and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous due diligence, and extensive negotiations and documentation. By focusing our investment activities on these types of transactions, we are able to generate investment opportunities that have attractive risk/reward profiles based on their valuations and structural characteristics. 

Our Business Combination Criteria 

Consistent with our business
strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that have been important in evaluating prospective target businesses.
While we have used and will continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, we
may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all of these criteria and
guidelines. We seek to identify and acquire high-quality companies in the TMTC space that possess the following characteristics: 

Simple, predictable, and free-cash-flow-generative. We seek companies with a proven track record of growth and profitability and predictable future financial performance that we expect will generate strong, sustainable growth in cash flows over the long term. 

3 

Formidable barriers to entry. We seek companies that have long-term sustainable competitive advantages, significant barriers to entry, including significant upfront investment costs, or wide moats, around their business, and low risks of disruption caused by competition, innovation, and new entrants. 

Well-positioned in evolving market landscape. We seek companies that are well-positioned to benefit from new content and distribution dynamics, unlocking new growth opportunities. 

Attractive valuation. We seek companies at an attractive valuation relative to their long-term intrinsic value. 

Positioned to benefit from public currency. We seek companies that demonstrate public market readiness and will use access to public equity markets to pursue accretive acquisitions, high-return capital projects, strengthen the balance sheet, and recruit and retain key employees. 

Strong management and governance. We seek companies that have trustworthy, talented, experienced, and highly competent management teams. These companies may be led by entrepreneurs who are looking for a partner with our expertise to execute on the next stage of their growth. For target companies that require new management, we will leverage our team s experience in identifying and recruiting top talent. 

Platform for inorganic growth. We seek companies that can serve as a platform for future synergistic acquisitions. 

These criteria and guidelines
are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to
the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our team may deem relevant.
In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of the above
criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business meets some but not all of the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy
solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

Initial Business Combination 

In accordance with the rules
of the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and
taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial
business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or
businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions with respect to satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor
will they be able to rely on such opinion. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in
identifying and selecting one or more prospective businesses, but if the business combination involves more than one target business,
the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses
together as our initial business combination for purposes of a seeking stockholder approval or conducting a tender offer, as applicable.
We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business
combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other
reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
outstanding voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target business or issue a substantial number of new shares to third
parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the
target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value
test. 

4 

We may need to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds
held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no
prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. 

Sourcing of Potential Initial Business Combination
Targets 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, or directors, or completing
the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers, or directors.
In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions stating that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. 

Members of our team directly
or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public offering and, accordingly, may have a
conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. Further, each of our officers, directors and director nominees may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors and director nominees was included by
a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Members of our management
presently have, and any of them in the future may have fiduciary or contractual obligations to, or have affiliations with, another entity,
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for such an entity to which
he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she has and will continue to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity or to pursue it for another entity s account.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for
us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.
We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

Our team has agreed not to
participate in the formation of, or become an officer, director or strategic advisor of, any other special purpose acquisition company
with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act without our prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld.
Although we have no formal policy in place for vetting potential conflicts of interest, our board of directors reviews any potential conflicts
of interest on a case-by-case basis. Hence, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

5 

Financial Position 

With funds available for
a business combination in the amount of 354,613,132 as of December 31, 2022, which balance was approximately 45,444,192
immediately following the Extension and the resulting redemptions by our public stockholders, we offer a target business a variety
of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its
operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. This amount assumes no redemptions (in connection with
shareholder votes on a proposal to approve our initial business combination), and includes up to 12,250,000 of deferred
underwriting fees, subject to adjustment as described elsewhere herein. Because we can complete our initial business combination
using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient
combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However,
we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that
business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may
not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of
the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

6 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide
to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Presented in the table below
is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

TYPE OF TRANSACTION 
 
 WHETHER STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL IS 
REQUIRED 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company. 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company. 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under NYSE s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers, or substantial stockholders (as defined by NYSE rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, or their affiliates may purchase shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, or their affiliates may purchase
in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and NYSE rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust
account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted
from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or
if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our sponsor,
initial stockholders, directors, officers, or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act;
however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
comply with such rules. 

7 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires
us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such
requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants
outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business
combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise
have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, initial stockholders,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their
affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption
requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase,
they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro
rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting
related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders
to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only
purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16
of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon
Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to
the limitations and on the conditions described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.13
per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the representatives of the underwriters. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers, and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash
consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to
the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial
business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common
stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances, or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering, in order to, among other
reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

8 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder
vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing
for our securities on NYSE, we will be required to comply with NYSE s stockholder approval rules. 

The requirement that we provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above is contained in provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and applies whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act
or our listing on NYSE. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. If
we amend such provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting. 

If we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after our
initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on
the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result of the redemptions of public shares in connection
with the Extension and the number of outstanding founder shares held by our initial stockholders, unless otherwise required under applicable
law, we will not require the vote of the holders of any of the public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor
of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved, as the founder shares now constitute more
than a majority of the total outstanding shares of common stock. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our
initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect
to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder
on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

9 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender
offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate
any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market,
in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

We intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically using the DWAC system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable.
In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business
combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking
redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any
redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions
and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for
a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash
consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to
the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial
business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common
stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances, or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering, in order to, among other
reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of
Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in our initial public offering Excess Shares without our prior consent. Absent this provision, a public
stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption
rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor, or our management at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with
a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

10 

Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection
with the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

As described above, we intend
to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in
 street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver
their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the DWAC system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal
to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to
require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent
two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would
have up to two business days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time
we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it
wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed
in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it
is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer
agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 100.00 and it would be up to the broker
whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require
holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable.
Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently
decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return
the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing
to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial business combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until December 12, 2023. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if No Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended in connection with the Extension, provides that we will have only approximately 33 months from the closing
of our initial public offering, or until December 12, 2023, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

11 

Our initial stockholders,
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the Combination Period or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result
of an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, if our initial stockholders, sponsor, or management
team acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

Our initial stockholders,
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the
Combination Period or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption rights) or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any
such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.
If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net
tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

If we do not consummate our
initial business combination within the Combination Period, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan
of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the proceeds held outside the trust
account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient
to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued
in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of
such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we held 154,312 outside of the trust account. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the
dissolution of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00.
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority
than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims
against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These
claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay
such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

12 

Although we have sought and
will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they
will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust
account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims
challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including
the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the
trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an
agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the
company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing
to execute a waiver. The underwriters of our initial public offering and our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute
agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account,
our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public
share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account,
if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per share. 

13 

We have sought and will continue
to seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is
subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account
could be liable for claims made by creditors. As of December 31, 2022, the amount held outside of the trust account was 154,312. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such
redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due
to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims
of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following December
12, 2023, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for
any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond
the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly
limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor
may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public
share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account,
due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

14 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some, or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims
of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure
you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination
Period or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption rights) or pre-initial business
combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination
alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such
stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating,
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public
companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial,
technical, human, and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for
our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial
business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have five executive
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any
time period varies based on the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

15 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common
stock, and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that
we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports,
including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target
businesses we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for
us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will
have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able
to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be
met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

We filed a Registration Statement
on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are
subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend
our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be
a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual
gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . 

16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

if the funds held outside of our trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least December 12, 2023, our ability to fund our search for a target business or businesses or complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, since we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by December 12, 2023; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

17 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

18 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we have, instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash items until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; and 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption. 

Adverse developments
affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial
institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The
funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest
bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance
limits. Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the
banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally,
or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on
March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation.
Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks
or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential
business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results
of operations, and our prospects. 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our IPO Registration Statement, (ii) Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022 ,
(iii) our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30,
2022, as filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021, May 16, 2022, August 15, 2022, November 3, 2022, respectively and (iv) our amended Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the SEC on January 20, 2021. Any of these factors
could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise
that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors
or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

19 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 5 th Floor, New York, New York 10036, and our telephone number is (917)
310-3722. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office
space, administrative and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
Information 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on NYSE under the symbols FRXB.U, FRXB and FRXB WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on
March 10, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on April 30, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On March 28, 2023, there were
1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of shares of our Class A common stock and 2 holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

None.
For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021. There has been no material change
in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. 

(g) Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 

21 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Recent Developments 

On November 21, 2022, the
Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Ariel Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror, Ariel Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Acquiror, and Hyperloop Transportation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation. On February 3, 2023, by mutual agreement,
the parties entered into a termination agreement to terminate the Merger Agreement. 

On March 3, 2023, the Company s
stockholders approved the Extension extending the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from March
12, 2023 to December 12, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors). If the Company s initial business
combination is not completed by the end of the Combination Period, then the Company s existence will terminate, and the Company
will distribute the amounts in the trust account as provided in the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
In connection with the Extension, the Company s stockholders holding 30,525,396 public shares exercised their right to redeem such
shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, 310.0 million (approximately 10.16 per share) was removed
from the trust account to pay such holders. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future
Events 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities, those necessary
to prepare for our IPO and identifying a target company for our initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating
revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
cash and cash equivalents held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective business combination candidates. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of 9,524,605. We incurred 3,208,926 of formation and operating costs and a provision for income tax of 813,958.
We had investment income of 4,966,164 from investments held in the trust account and change in the fair value of our warrants that generated
 8,581,325 in income. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had net income of 7,832,573. We incurred 948,969 of formation and operating costs, consisting mostly of general and administrative
expenses. We had investment income of 28,004 from investments held in the trust account. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change
in fair value of warrants was a decrease in the liability generating 13,884,940 of income. We recognized a loss on the sale of private
placement warrants of 4,376,708, resulting from the initial fair value of the private placement warrants exceeding the cash received
during the private placement. We also recognized 754,694 of offering costs that were originally recorded against stockholders 
equity (deficit) to expenses that were related to the issuance of the warrants. 

22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 0.2 million in our operating bank account and working capital of approximately 130,000, excluding taxes. All remaining
cash held in the trust account is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination, and is restricted for use
either in a business combination or to redeem common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 381,036 of the funds in the trust account were withdrawn
to pay taxes. 

Through December 31, 2022,
our liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of 25,000 from the sale of the founder shares, advances from the sponsor in an aggregate
amount of 12,500 and the remaining net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants. 

The 154,312 outside of the
trust account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance
of the consolidated financial statements, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation
of our business combination, we will be using the funds not held in the trust account, and any additional working capital loans from the
sponsor, our officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates,
performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of
prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target
business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. 

We will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due
diligence and negotiating an initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to the business combination. Moreover, we may need to raise additional capital through loans
from our sponsor, officers, directors, or third parties. None of the sponsor, officers or directors is under any obligation to advance
funds to, or to invest in, us. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan,
and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. The sponsor has indicated that it will provide financial support to the Company to satisfy all working capital obligations
as needed. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition,
the mandatory liquidation date and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. If the Company is unable to complete a business combination by December 12, 2023, the Company will cease all operations
except for the purpose of liquidating. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company
be required to liquidate after December 12, 2023. The Company intends to complete a business combination before the mandatory liquidation
date. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and
the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC requires the Company s management to make critical accounting estimates that have
had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 

Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. One of the more significant accounting estimates
included in these consolidated financial statements is the determination of the fair value of the warrant liabilities. Such estimates
may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. 

23 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock
purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant
to ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and ASC Topic 815-15, Derivatives and Hedging ASC
815-40 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or
as equity, is reassessed at the end of each reporting period. 

We issued an aggregate of
13,000,000 warrants in connection with our IPO and private placement, which are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with
ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair
value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change
in fair value is recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of warrants issued by the Company
in connection with the private placement has been estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model at each measurement date. The
Company updated the public warrants measurement as of December 31, 2022, and the private placement warrants are now valued using the value
of the public warrants. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict
the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business
and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-22 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

24 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, that such information is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying
Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Certifying Officers have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for
external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as discussed above,
there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter for the year ended December
31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of Withum due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

25 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Thomas Staggs 
 
 62 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chairperson of the Board of Directors 
 
 Kevin Mayer 
 
 60 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chairperson of the Board of Directors 
 
 Idan Shani 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Zachary Tarica 
 
 36 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Jeremy Tarica 
 
 28 
 
 Chief Investment Officer 
 
 Keith L. Horn 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Martin Luther King III 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Salil Mehta 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Thomas Staggs has
served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairperson of the Board since inception and previously served as the Chairperson of
the Strategic Advisory Committee and was a director of FRX I from September 2020 to June 2021. Since July 2021, Mr. Staggs has been the
Co-CEO and co-founder of Candle Media, a creator-driven entertainment company and home to category-defining brands including Hello Sunshine,
Moonbug Entertainment, Exile Content Studios, ATTN: and Faraway Road Productions. Mr. Staggs has served as a partner of Smash Capital
since March 2022. Since June 2017, Mr. Staggs has been a member of the board of directors and the Chairperson of the audit committee
of Spotify Technology S.A. (NYSE: SPOT). Mr. Staggs previously held various positions at The Walt Disney Company, including as Chief
Financial Officer, Chairman of Disney Parks and Resorts Worldwide, Chief Operating Officer, and Senior Advisor to the Chief Executive
Officer. In addition, Mr. Staggs serves on the boards of trustees of the University of Minnesota Carlson School of Management. Mr. Staggs
is an investor in and serves on the strategic advisory board of Forest Road. Mr. Staggs holds a B.S. in Business from the University
of Minnesota and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Mr. Staggs is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to his
extensive experience in the entertainment industry, expertise in corporate finance and operations, as well as his public company experience. 

Kevin Mayer 
has served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairperson of the Board since inception. After joining Disney in 1993, Mr. Mayer
led strategy and business development for Disney s interactive and television businesses worldwide. Mr. Mayer later became Executive
Vice President of the internet group, responsible for the operations, business plans, creative direction, and distribution of Disney s
popular websites, including ESPN.com and ABCNews.com. Mr. Mayer departed Disney in 2000 but returned in 2005, rising to the role of Senior
Executive and VP and Chief Strategy Officer in 2015 before accepting the position of Chairman of Direct-to-Consumer International
in 2018 until his departure in May 2020. As Chief Strategy Officer, Mr. Mayer shaped and spearheaded the M A-led expansion of Disney s
renowned intellectual property and premium content portfolio, personally leading the acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel Entertainment, Lucasfilm,
and 21st Century Fox. Additionally, Mr. Mayer led the design and launch of Disney+, Disney s direct-to-consumer video business
that began with the acquisition of a controlling stake in BAMTech, a best-in-class streaming technology solutions provider, and culminated
with the launch of the Disney+ streaming platform. From May to August 2020, Mr. Mayer was Chief Executive Officer of the global social
entertainment platform, TikTok, and COO of parent company Bytedance. He previously served as a strategic advisor to FRX I from September
2020 to June 2021. Mr. Mayer has served on the Board of Directors of The Beachbody Company since June 2021, following the close of FRX
I's business combination. Mr. Mayer served as Chairman of the Board of DAZN, a global sports-streaming service, from February 2021 until
March 2023. Since April 2021, Mr. Mayer has been on the board of directors of Tinuiti, a performance marketing agency. In December of
2021, Mr. Mayer became managing partner and founder of Smash Capital, a later-stage investment firm focused on consumer internet and
technology companies. In July of 2021, Mr. Mayer became Co-CEO and founder of Candle Media, a creator-driven entertainment company and
home to category-defining brands including Hello Sunshine, Moonbug Entertainment, Faraway Road Productions and Westbrook Media. Mr. Mayer
received his B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a M.Sc. degree in Electrical Engineering
from San Diego State University and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard University. Mr. Mayer is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to
his extensive experience in the technology industry and management expertise. 

26 

Idan Shani has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since inception. Since October 2018, Mr. Shani has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Operating Officer of Forest Road. Mr. Shani served as the Chief Operating Officer of FRX I from September 2020 to June 2021. Prior to
joining Forest Road, he was President and Head of Research of Antarctica Asset Management (U.S.), Inc. Antarctica and
its predecessor Antarctica Asset Management LLC, a global hedge fund solutions firm. He remains involved at Antarctica as a senior independent
member of the investment and allocation committee with reporting duties to the board of directors. He was a research analyst at Ivy Asset
Management, a firm owned by BNY Mellon, from June 2005 to June 2008, focusing on credit strategies. He currently leverages his experience
as a hedge fund allocator offering essential financial and administrative controls to oversee the build-out of all blockchain-based businesses
and platforms. Mr. Shani holds a B.A. degree in Economics with a Division of Studies in Management (summa cum laude) from The Open
University of Israel. 

Zachary Tarica has
served as our Chief Operating Officer since inception. Mr. Tarica is currently the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Forest Road.
Since its founding in May 2017, Forest Road has expanded its specialty finance platform across blockchain, digital assets, technology,
entertainment, real estate, renewable energy tax credit lending, film tax credit administration, and tax credit brokerage. Mr. Tarica
previously served as the Chairperson of the board of directors and Chief Investment Officer of FRX I from September 2020 to June 2021.
Prior to establishing Forest Road, Mr. Tarica served as a Credit Analyst at Brookfield Asset Management from June 2014 to May 2018. From
2008 to 2014, Mr. Tarica worked for Deutsche Bank as a distressed desk analyst focused on investing in special situations in the
energy and infrastructure sectors. Mr. Tarica holds a B.S. degree in Business with a minor in Organizational Communications from
Northeastern University. 

Jeremy Tarica has
served as our Chief Investment Officer since inception. Mr. Tarica has served as the Head of Asset Management of Forest Road since November
2020. From November 2020 to June 2021, Mr. Tarica served as the Head of the Investment Team of FRX I, supporting all sourcing, valuation,
diligence, and deal execution efforts. From September 2017 to November 2020, Mr. Tarica worked at Advance, the Newhouse family s
operating holding company, on the Strategic Investments Acquisitions team where he helped execute on a multi-billion capital deployment
plan across a series of large acquisitions and growth equity investments in the TMTC space. From June 2016 to September 2017, Mr. Tarica
worked for Bank of America as an investment banking analyst in its Global Technology, Media Telecom Coverage Group advising on a
variety of complex transactions. Mr. Tarica holds a B.S. degree in Human and Organizational Development with a minor in Financial Economics
from Vanderbilt University. 

Keith L. Horn has
served as a director since March 2021. Mr. Horn provides operating and investment acumen and deal-making experience that we believe will
prove complementary to and synergistic with our team. Mr. Horn is the founder and managing member of Loring Capital Advisors, LLC, a
firm providing investment advisory and consulting services to hedge fund managers, asset management firms, and early-stage and start-up
businesses. From September 2020 to June 2021, Mr. Horn served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of FRX I. From 2003 to 2015,
Mr. Horn served as Chief Operating Officer and a member of the Management Committee and Valuation Committee of Elliott Management Corporation Elliott ), a global multi-strategy firm, where he was responsible for global management and oversight of operational, support,
and control functions of the firm s investment advisory business. Prior to Elliott, Mr. Horn spent 16 years at Merrill Lynch, serving
in various capacities, including Global Head of Leveraged Finance, Head of Latin America Debt, and Chief of Staff to the Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer, and President. Mr. Horn began his career in private practice as a corporate and securities attorney. In February 2023,
Mr. Horn was elected to the Board of Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ: AMRN), a biopharmaceutical company that develops and markets products
for the treatment of cardiovascular disease. From October 2021 to November 2022, Mr. Horn served as a director of Sarissa Capital Acquisition
Corp. (Nasdaq: SRSA). In July 2019, Mr. Horn was appointed to the Strategic Advisory Board of Investcorp Strategic Capital Partners,
a fund established to assemble a diverse portfolio of general partnership stakes in alternative asset managers. Since January 2019, Mr.
Horn has served as a director of Caliper Holdings, a company engaged in the consumer and commercial ingredients food and beverage business.
From April 2016 to November 2019, Mr. Horn served on the board of directors of Empire Resorts, Inc. (NasdaqGM: NYNY), which operates
in the gaming and hospitality industries Empire ). Mr. Horn served as Chairperson of Empire s audit committee and
as Chairperson of Empire s special committee in its review and approval of an acquisition transaction pursuant to which Empire
became a privately-held entity. From March 2018 to May 2022, Mr. Horn served as a director of ShopOne Centers REIT, Inc., an owner and
operator of shopping malls. Mr. Horn also serves on the board of directors for the Binghamton University Foundation and is a member of
the Foundation investment committee. He also served as a member of the board of directors of PeacePlayers International, a non-profit
organization that uses the game of basketball to educate and unite children in areas of conflict around the world. Mr. Horn is an investor
in and serves on the strategic advisory board of Forest Road. Mr. Horn received his J.D. (cum laude) from Georgetown University Law Center
and holds B.A. degrees in Economics and Political Science from Binghamton University, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa with highest
honors. Mr. Horn is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive operating, investment, and corporate finance experience,
along with his board experience. 

27 

Martin Luther King III has
served as a director since March 2021. The oldest son of Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King, Mr. King is a celebrated
human rights advocate who has devoted his life to promoting civil and global human rights. In 2011, Mr. King co-founded Bounce
TV, an African-American broadcast network. Since 2006, Mr. King has been the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Realizing the Dream,
a non-profit organization that continues the humanitarian and liberating work of his parents, through which he has spearheaded nonviolence
training in Bosnia and Herzegovina, India, Israel and Palestine, Kenya, Sri Lanka, and the United States. Since 1997, Mr. King has
been Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of MetWest, a mutual fund complex. Mr. King served as the President
and Chief Executive Officer of The King Center, based in Atlanta, and remains a member of its board of directors. Mr. King previously
served as a director and a member of the audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee of
FRX I from November 2020 to June 2021. He received a B.A. degree in Political Science from Morehouse College. Mr. King is well-qualified to
serve on our Board due to his extensive experience in the broadcast network industry and dedication to human rights advocacy. 

Salil Mehta has
served as a director since March 2021. Mr. Mehta served as the Chief Financial Officer of FRX I from October 2020 to June 2021. Since
January 2022, Mr. Mehta has served as CFO of Candle Media, a creator-driven entertainment company and home to category-defining brands
including Hello Sunshine, Moonbug Entertainment, Faraway Road Productions and Westbrook Media. Mr. Mehta served as Disney s General
Manager, Digital Media and President of FoxNext Games from March 2019 to April 2020. Prior to Disney s acquisition of 21st Century
Fox, Mr. Mehta served as President of FoxNext from 2016 to 2019 and President, Content Management for 20th Century Studios from 2013 to
2016. He was Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of NBCUniversal s entertainment, digital networks, and integrated
media division from 2011 to 2013. During his tenure at NBCUniversal, Mr. Mehta also served as President of Business Operations, Strategy
and Development from 2008 to 2011. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Mehta served as an Executive Vice President of ESPN Enterprises, where he managed
the general responsibilities for all of ESPN s non-broadcasting businesses including new media, broadband, mobile, publishing, and
consumer product businesses. Prior to ESPN, Mr. Mehta held various positions at Disney from 1994 to 2005, including Manager of Corporate
Strategic Planning and Executive Vice President of Corporate Business Development. Mr. Mehta received his B.A. in International Relations
from Brown University and holds an M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He was awarded a Fulbright Scholarship
to study Political Economy at the Delhi School of Economics in Delhi, India. Mr. Mehta is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to
his extensive experience in finance and digital media industry. 

Strategic Advisors 

Our Strategic Advisors assist
our management team in the search for suitable acquisition targets. They are as follows: 

Shaquille Shaq 
O Neal is an American athlete, investor, and entrepreneur, and is regarded as one of the greatest players in NBA history.
Mr. O Neal was elected to both the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and FIBA Hall of Fame. Beyond basketball, Mr. O Neal
made investments in Google prior to its initial public offering and Ring prior to its sale to Amazon. Mr. O Neal currently owns
multiple franchises, including Auntie Anne s and Papa John s Pizza, as well as several restaurants in Las Vegas. Mr. O Neal
has been an early adopter and advocate of blockchain and Web 3.0 technology, participating directly in decentralized protocols and learning
from this active experience. Mr. O Neal also launched his own NFT project on Notables in December 2021, raising over 2 million
and donating the proceeds to underserved children through the Shaq Foundation. Mr. O Neal serves on the board of directors of Papa
John s Pizza, as a national spokesperson for the non-profit Boys Girls Clubs of America, and as a global spokesperson for
Krispy Kreme. Mr. O Neal previously served as a strategic advisor of FRX I from November 2020 to June 2021. Mr. O Neal has
experience in the sports and entertainment landscape, assuming the roles of player, media personality, owner, and operator. Mr. O Neal
received his B.A. degree in General Studies from Louisiana State University, an M.B.A. degree from University of Phoenix and an Ed.D degree
in Human Resource Development from Barry University. 

28 

Sheila A. Stamps has
been a member of the board of directors and audit committee of IQVIA Holdings Inc. (NYSE: IQV), a global life sciences clinical research
company, since January 2022. Since December 2021, Ms. Stamps has served as a board member and member of the compensation, and nominating
and governance committees of MFA Financial Inc, a residential mortgage REIT (NYSE: MFA). Ms. Stamps has been a member of the board of
directors, the audit committee, and the executive compensation committee of Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE: PBI), a technology company providing
logistical solutions and analytics to businesses, since September 2020. Ms. Stamps served as a director of FRX I from November 2020 to
June 2021. Since May 2018, Ms. Stamps has served as a member of the board of directors and the Chairperson of the audit committee of Atlas
Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: AAWW), an air cargo company. From February 2014 to January 2022, Ms. Stamps served as a member of
the board of directors of CIT Group, Inc. (NYSE: CIT), a financial services company, and its banking subsidiary, CIT Bank, N.A. From July
2014 to July 2018, Ms. Stamps served as the Commissioner of the New York State Insurance Fund, a workers compensation insurance
carrier. During her time at the New York State Insurance Fund, Ms. Stamps served on the business operations committee and as Chairperson
of the audit committee. Ms. Stamps was an Executive Vice President of DBI, LLC, a private mortgage investment company, from 2011 to 2012.
From 2008 to 2011, Ms. Stamps served as the Head of Fixed Income and Cash Management, a senior management member of the Investment Advisory
Committee and the Real Estate Advisory Committee of New York State Common Retirement Fund. From 2005 to 2016, Ms. Stamps served as a Managing
Director of Golden Seeds, Inc., a venture investment fund. From 2003 to 2004, Ms. Stamps served as Managing Director and Financial Institutions
Group Head at Bank of America (formerly, FleetBoston Financial). From 1997 to 2003, Ms. Stamps held a number of executive positions in
Bank One Corporation (now JPMorgan Chase), including Managing Director and Head of European Asset-Backed Securitization (based in London)
and a member of the Operating Management Committee. Ms. Stamps received her B.S. in Management Sciences from Duke University and her M.B.A.
from University of Chicago. She was a Fellow of Weatherhead Center for International Affairs at Harvard University and received her CERT
Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from Carnegie Mellon University. 

Harlan B. Cherniak has
served as the Chief Business Officer of Forest Road since January 2021. Mr. Cherniak previously served as the Co-Head of the Americas
Special Situations strategy at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. Inc. KKR until the end of 2020. Since joining KKR
in 2013, Mr. Cherniak was responsible for helping both build and lead the global special situations strategy across North America, Europe,
and Asia and was deeply involved in the origination, execution, corporate governance, and monetization for its portfolio companies, and
played an integral role with its Investment, Risk and Analytics, and Portfolio Management Committees. Prior to KKR, Mr. Cherniak has served
in a senior investment and portfolio management capacity since 2001, with almost 20 years of experience across investment banking, private
equity, and investment management at Venor Capital Management, Longacre Fund Management, JLL Partners, and Credit Suisse. Mr. Cherniak
received his B.S. degree in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Rick Hess is the
founder and a Managing Partner of Cobalt Capital, a multi-stage investment firm that partners with the next generation of digital content,
technology, consumer, and lifestyle businesses, which Mr. Hess founded in December 2012. Through the firm s deep roots in culture
and consumer experience investing, Cobalt cultivates meaningful partnerships with entrepreneurs and business leaders creating strategic
value for investors. Previously investing in partnership with TPG Growth, and formerly known as Evolution Media, Cobalt Capital invests
with strong teams to help them scale their vision. Prior to founding the investment platform, Mr. Hess founded Evolution Media Capital
investment bank in partnership with Creative Arts Agency CAA in 2008 and served as the Co-Managing Partner until 2018.
From 2012 to December of 2019, Mr. Hess served as the Chief Executive Officer of Evolution Media. Mr. Hess led the Film Finance group
at CAA prior to founding Evolution. Under his leadership the group packaged, raised financing for, and sold numerous films, including
Academy Award-winning films Crash, Brokeback Mountain, Goodnight, and Good Luck and The Tree of Life. Previously, he held executive positions
at TriStar Pictures and The William Morris Agency, and was President of Phoenix Pictures and Propaganda Films. Mr. Hess is the Chairman
of the Board of Inner-City Filmmakers, a non-profit production education program for low-income students that also helps them find jobs
in the entertainment industry. He also serves on the Board of Directors for Thrive Scholars and Chrysalis Enterprises. Mr. Hess is a member
of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Mr. Hess graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a B.A. in Literature. 

29 

Family Relationships 

Zachary Tarica, our Chief
Operating Officer, and Jeremy Tarica, our Chief Investment Officer, are brothers. Other than that, there are no family relationships among
any of our executive officers or directors. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with NYSE
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Salil Mehta, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Keith L. Horn and Martin Luther King III, will expire
at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Thomas Staggs and Kevin
Mayer, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject
to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of NYSE and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee
of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of
NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities
described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website at www.spacroadtwo.com. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Keith L. Horn, Martin Luther King III, and Salil Mehta serve as members of our audit committee, and
Keith L. Horn chairs the audit committee. All members of our audit committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our sponsor and
our underwriters. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Keith L. Horn qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

30 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Keith L. Horn, Martin Luther King III, and Salil Mehta serve as members of our compensation committee.
Martin Luther King III chairs the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officers compensation evaluating our Chief Executive Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

31 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than the payment to Forest Road of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been or will
be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NYSE and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

We have established a nominating
and corporate governance committee. The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Keith L. Horn, Martin Luther King III,
and Salil Mehta. Salil Mehta serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

The primary purposes of our
nominating and corporate governance committee are to assist the board in: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors, and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of NYSE. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers, and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and governance committee charters as exhibits to the IPO Registration
Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition,
a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees are available on our website at www.spacroadtwo.com
and will be provided without charge upon request from us. 

32 

If we make any amendments
to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any
waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure
under applicable SEC or NYSE rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on
our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references
to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our directors has
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay Forest Road 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to members of our management team. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. 

Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such
payments prior to an initial business combination have been and will continue to be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we have not needed and do not expect to have any additional controls in
place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor,
executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined
company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender
offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on
the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount
of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business
will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers
will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely
by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to
remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain
their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 29, 2023 based on information obtained from the
persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

33 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 13,224,604 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 4,474,604 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 8,750,000
shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 29, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon holders of the
shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by applicable
law. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of 
Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of 
 Class 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Thomas Staggs 

Kevin Mayer 

Idan Shani 

Zachary Tarica 

Jeremy Tarica 

Keith L. Horn 

Martin Luther King III 

Salil Mehta 

All executive officer and directors as a group (8 individuals) 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Forest Road Acquisition Sponsor II LLC (2) 

8,750,000 
 100 
 66.2 
 
 Beryl Capital (3) 
 432,694 
 9.7 

3.3 
 
 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P.(4) 
 400,000 
 8.9 

3.0 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10036. 

(2) 
 Forest Road Acquisition Sponsor II LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. TK Road, LLC is the managing member of our sponsor and the Investment Committee of the managing member has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by our sponsor. Each of our officers, directors and strategic advisors is, directly or indirectly, a member of our sponsor or have direct or indirect economic interests in our sponsor, and each of them disclaims any beneficial ownership of any shares held by our sponsor except to the extent of his or her ultimate pecuniary interest. 

(3) 
 A Schedule 13G was filed
 on February 14, 2023 for Beryl Capital Management LLC Beryl ), Beryl Capital Management LP Beryl GP ),
 Beryl Capital Partners II LP (the Partnership and David A. Witkin (collectively, the Beryl Filers reflecting that the Beryl Filers may be deemed to beneficially own 3,499,673 shares of Class A common stock of the Company, as of
 December 31, 2022. On March 21, 2023, the Beryl Filers advised the Company that they may be deemed to beneficially own 432,694
 shares of Class A common stock. Beryl is the investment adviser to the Partnership and other private investment funds
 (collectively, the Funds and other accounts. Beryl is the general partner of Beryl GP, which is also the general
 partner of one or more of the Funds. Mr. Witkin is the control person of Beryl and Beryl GP. The business address for the
 Beryl Filers is 25 Avenue I, Suite 205, Redondo Beach, CA 90277. 

(4) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on March 8, 2023, Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC (collectively, the Radcliffe Filers may be deemed to beneficially own 400,000 shares of Class A common stock of the Company. The business address for the Saba Filers is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

34 

Securities Authorized for Issuance
under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In December 2020, our
sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 5,750,000 founder shares. In February 2021, we effected a
0.5 for 1 stock dividend for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 8,625,000
founder shares. On March 9, 2021, we effected a 0.0166667 for 1 stock dividend for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting
in an aggregate of 8,768,750 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to
1,143,750 shares subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full.
On March 12, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option, hence, 1,125,000 founder shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture, and 18,750 founder shares were forfeited. As a result, the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding at March
12, 2021 was 8,750,000. 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 6,000,000 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 9,000,000 in a private placement that closed simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A
common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination. 

We currently utilize office
space at 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 5 th Floor, New York, New York 10036 from Forest Road. We pay Forest Road
 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Except as otherwise disclosed
in this Report, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, has been or will be paid by the company to
our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection
with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals have been and will continue to be reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that are made to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

The sponsor agreed to loan
the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the initial public offering. The promissory
note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the closing of the initial public offering. The balance
of 109,392 was paid in full during the year and draw down requests on the principal of the promissory note are no longer available. 

35 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest bearing basis. If we
complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from
our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
Except as set forth below, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such
loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any
and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

On March 3, 2023, the Company
issued a promissory note to our sponsor in an aggregate amount of up to 500,000 in connection with advances the sponsor may make, in
its discretion, to the Company for working capital expenses. The promissory note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier
to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the
Company. 

Any of the foregoing payments
to our sponsor, repayments of loans from our sponsor or repayments of working capital loans prior to our initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the trust account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement warrants. 

Director Independence 

NYSE listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Keith L. Horn, Martin Luther King III, and Salil Mehta are independent
directors as defined in NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Withum, for services rendered. 

36 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end consolidated financial statements and services that are normally provided
by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our
annual consolidated financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and
other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 97,760 and 96,035, respectively.
The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our consolidated
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, tax fees for Withum were approximately 8,580 and 8,424, respectively, for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning
services. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay Withum for
any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
in connection with the effectiveness of our IPO Registration Statement. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the
foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors.
Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all audit services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the
audit). 

37 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1)
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in
the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3)
Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

38 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 100) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-22 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by December 12, 2023 then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to
these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

, New York 

March 29, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses - non-current 

Investments held in trust account 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred liabilities 

Deferred underwriters discount payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, none issued and outstanding, excluding 35,000,000 shares subject to redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities, common stock subject to possible redemption and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss on sale of private placement warrants 

Offering cost allocated to issuance of warrants 

Interest income on investments held in trust account 

Total other income, net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding - Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock - Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding - Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock - Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 AND 2021 

Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Forfeiture of shares 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on trust account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in deferred liabilities 

Loss on sale of private placement warrants 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Taxes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into trust account 

Interest withdrawn from trust account to pay for franchise and federal income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock -in initial public offering 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Payments of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of year 

Cash End of year 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriters discount payable charged to additional paid-in capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class
A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of Units as a result of
the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, 
par value, and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant entitling its holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 
per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of (see Note 3). 

warrants Private
Placement Warrants to purchase Class A common stock, each at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total
proceeds of (see Note 4). 

,
consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriters fee and of other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of
the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account Trust Account which was invested in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of (a) the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s
certificate of incorporation, or (c) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within 33 months from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period ). 

F- 7 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per
share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately , resulting in shares of Class A common stock
outstanding after redemptions. The Trust Account balance immediately after the redemption payments were made was . 

of the net assets
held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount
of any deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with its initial
Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target business or assets sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business
Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder
vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

F- 8 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights
with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not
to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights
(including redemption rights) or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

available for working capital needs. All remaining cash held in the Trust Account is generally
unavailable for the Company s use, prior to an initial Business Combination, and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination
or to redeem common stock. As of December 31, 2022, was withdrawn from the funds in the Trust Account to pay for franchise and
federal income taxes. 

held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next
12 months from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that
time. Until consummation of its Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional
Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5) from the Sponsor, the Company s officers and directors, or their respective affiliates
(which is described in Note 5), for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on
prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

F- 9 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. 

F- 10 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 11 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risk on such account. 

shares of Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the
Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

shares of common stock underlying the outstanding
warrants of the Company were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the warrants
are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per share of common stock is
the same as basic net income per share of common stock for the periods presented. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator
and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income per share for each class of common stock: 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share

F- 12 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

(consisting of in underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriters fee and of other offering
costs) were incurred, of which was allocated to warrants and expensed and was charged to temporary equity. 

F- 13 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to
repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 14 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units at a price of per Unit, including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters partial
exercise of their over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, par value per share and one-fifth
of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share
of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The Company paid an underwriting discount
at the closing of the IPO of . 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant,
for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock
at per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the
Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration of shares of the Company s Class B common stock
(the Founder Shares ). On February 17, 2021, , resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. On March 9, 2021, , resulting in an aggregate of 
shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full. On March 12, 2021, the underwriters
partially exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, and Founder
Shares were forfeited. As a result, the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding at March 12, 2021 was . 

to be used for the payment of costs related to the IPO. The promissory note was non-interest bearing, unsecured
and due on the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. The balance of was paid in full during the year ended
December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding balances under the promissory note. No future borrowings
are permitted under this loan. 

for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of
the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The amount of the
administrative service fee for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The amount of the administrative service fee for the year
ended December 31, 2021 was . There were no administrative fees payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination
entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. On March 3, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor in an amount of
up to in connection with advances the Sponsor may make, in its discretion, to the Company for working capital expenses. The promissory
note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination
and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

F- 16 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the then-outstanding number of these securities will be entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short-form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders
will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion
of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO, totaling . 

per unit, or approximately
 in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 17 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation
of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A common stock during the
20 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the
 Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 18 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption. 

shares of Class B common stock at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

of the total number of shares of Class A common stock
outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including
the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination,
excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class
A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor,
officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a
less than one-for-one basis. 

Organizational costs/Startup expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

F- 19 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income, which
do not expire. 

and , respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 20 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million and million, respectively, primarily in money market
funds. The Company considers all investments with original maturities of more than three months but less than one year to be short-term
investments. 

Liabilities 

Public warrant liability 

Private placement warrant liability 

Liabilities 

Public warrant liability 

Private placement warrant liability 

F- 21 

FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Transfer to Level 2 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Transfer to Level 1 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

. 

Public Shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro
rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. The balance was held in demand deposit account that is interest bearing. As a result,
 (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such stockholders. 

in connection with advances the sponsor may make, in its discretion, to
the Company for working capital expenses. The promissory note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i)
the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

F- 22 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and between the Company and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as representative of the several underwriters. (3) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (6) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered
 Securities. (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (3) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated December 23, 2020, between the Registrant and Forest Road Acquisition Sponsor II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and between the Company and The Forest Road Company, LLC. (3) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics. (2) 
 
 21 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.3 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.3 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Nomination Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2021 (File No. 333-253274),
as amended. 

(2) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021 (File No. 333-253274). 

(3) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on April
15, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2022. 

(6) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 29, 2023 
 FOREST ROAD ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas Staggs 

Name: 
 Thomas Staggs 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and 
Co-Chairperson of the Board 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Thomas Staggs 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer
 and Co-Chairperson of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Staggs 
 
 (Co-Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Kevin Mayer 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer
 and Co-Chairperson of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Kevin
 Mayer 
 
 (Co-Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Idan Shani 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer
 and Co-Chairperson of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Idan
 Shani 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Zachary Tarica 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Zachary
 Tarica 

/s/
 Jeremy Tarica 
 
 Chief
 Investment Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Jeremy
 Tarica 

/s/
 Keith L. Horn 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Keith
 L. Horn 

/s/
 Martin Luther King III 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Martin
 Luther King III 

/s/
 Salil Mehta 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Salil
 Mehta 

40 

<EX-21>
 2
 f10k2022ex21_forestroad2.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Company 

Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation 

Percentage of Voting 
 Securities Owned 
 by Registrant 
 
 Ariel Merger Sub I, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Ariel Merger Sub II, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_forestroad2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Thomas Staggs, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas Staggs 

Thomas Staggs 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_forestroad2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kevin Mayer, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kevin Mayer 

Kevin Mayer 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-3_forestroad2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Idan Shani, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Idan Shani 

Idan Shani 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_forestroad2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas Staggs, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas Staggs 

Thomas Staggs 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_forestroad2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin Mayer, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kevin Mayer 

Kevin Mayer 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-3_forestroad2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Forest Road Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report on the date hereof, I, Idan Shani, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Idan Shani 

Idan Shani 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 frxb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 frxb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 frxb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 frxb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 frxb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

