<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1745916_0001558370-23-001755.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34226030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>514960</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3040651</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14793877</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4813927</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9833063</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001755.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222161333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001755
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001745916
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		IRS NUMBER:				831098934
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38727
		FILM NUMBER:		23653253

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3043 TOWNSGATE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91361
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 224-7442

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3043 TOWNSGATE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91361

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180709

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001755.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 pfsi-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 

 Form 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022 the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.0001 par value common stock ), held by non-affiliates was based on the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. As of February 20, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant was . Documents Incorporated by Reference Document Parts Into Which Incorporated Definitive Proxy Statement for 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Part III 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. FORM 10-K December 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART I Item 1 Business 6 Item 1A Risk Factors 17 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 48 Item 2 Properties 48 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 48 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 48 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 49 Item 6 Reserved 49 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 50 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 77 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 79 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 79 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 79 Item 9B Other Information 82 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 82 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 82 Item 11 Executive Compensation 82 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 82 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 83 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 83 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 84 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 95 Signatures 93 4 

2 

Table of Contents 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward- looking terminology such as may, will, should, potential, intend, expect, seek, anticipate, estimate, approximately, believe, could, project, predict, continue, plan or other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions, discuss future expectations, describe future plans and strategies, contain financial and operating projections or state other forward-looking information. Examples of forward-looking statements include the following: projections of our revenues, income, earnings per share, capital structure or other financial items; descriptions of our plans or objectives for future operations, products or services; forecasts of our future economic performance, interest rates, profit margins and our share of future markets; and descriptions of assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing expectations regarding the timing of generating any revenues. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future events, actions, plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations. Some of these factors are discussed below. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Report and as set forth in Item 1A. of Part I hereof and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those anticipated include, but are not limited to: interest rate changes; changes in macroeconomic and U.S. real estate market conditions; the continually changing federal, state and local laws and regulations applicable to the highly regulated industry in which we operate; lawsuits or governmental actions if we do not comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses; the mortgage lending and servicing-related regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB and its enforcement of these regulations; our dependence on U.S. government-sponsored entities and changes in their current roles or their guarantees or guidelines; declines in real estate values or significant changes in U.S. housing prices or activity in the U.S. housing market; changes to government mortgage modification programs; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 foreclosure delays and changes in foreclosure practices; the licensing and operational requirements of states and other jurisdictions applicable to our businesses, to which our bank competitors are not subject; our ability to manage third-party service providers and vendors and their compliance with laws, regulations and investor requirements; our exposure to risks of loss resulting from adverse weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters, the effect of climate change, and pandemics, such as the coronavirus COVID-19 difficulties inherent in adjusting the size of our operations to reflect changes in business levels; maintaining sufficient capital and liquidity and compliance with financial covenants; our substantial amount of indebtedness; increases in the number of loan delinquencies and defaults; failure to modify, resell or refinance early buyout loans or defaults of early buyout loans beyond our expectations; our reliance on PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust PMT as a significant contributor to our mortgage banking business; our obligation to indemnify third-party purchasers or repurchase loans if loans that we originate, acquire, service or assist in the fulfillment of, fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances; our exposure to counterparties that are unwilling or unable to honor contractual obligations, including their obligation to indemnify us or repurchase defective mortgage loans; our ability to realize the anticipated benefit of potential future acquisitions of mortgage servicing rights; our obligation to indemnify PMT if our services fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances; decreases in the returns on the assets that we select and manage for PMT, and our resulting management and incentive fees; the extensive amount of regulation applicable to our investment management segment; conflicts of interest in allocating our services and investment opportunities among ourselves and PMT; the effect of public opinion on our reputation; our ability to effectively identify, manage and hedge our credit, interest rate, prepayment, liquidity and climate risks; our initiation of new business activities or expansion of existing business activities; our ability to detect misconduct and fraud; 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to effectively deploy new information technology applications and infrastructure; our ability to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents; our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; and our organizational structure and certain requirements in our charter documents. Other factors that could also cause results to differ from our expectations may not be described in this Report or any other document. Each of these factors could by itself, or together with one or more other factors, adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business The following description of our business should be read in conjunction with the information included elsewhere in this Report. This description contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ significantly from the projections and results discussed in the forward-looking statements due to the factors described under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. References in this Report to we, our, us, and the Company refer to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. PFSI and its consolidated subsidiaries. Our Company We are a specialty financial services firm with a comprehensive mortgage platform and integrated business primarily focused on the production and servicing of U.S. residential mortgage loans (activities which we refer to as mortgage banking) and the management of investments related to the U.S. mortgage market. We believe that our operating capabilities, specialized expertise, access to long-term investment capital, and our management s experience across all aspects of the mortgage business will allow us to profitably grow these activities over time and capitalize on other related opportunities as they arise. We operate and control all of the business and affairs and consolidate the financial results of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC PNMAC and its subsidiaries described below: Our principal mortgage banking subsidiary, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC PLS ), is a non-bank producer and servicer of mortgage loans. PLS is a seller/servicer for the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), each of which is a government-sponsored entity GSE ). PLS is also an approved issuer of securities guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ), a lender of the Federal Housing Administration FHA ), and a lender/servicer of the Veterans Administration VA and the United States Department of Agriculture USDA ). We refer to each of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, FHA, VA and USDA as an Agency and collectively as the Agencies. PLS is able to service loans in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam and the United States Virgin Islands, and originate loans in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, either because it is properly licensed in a particular jurisdiction or exempt or otherwise not required to be licensed in that jurisdiction. Our investment management subsidiary is PNMAC Capital Management, LLC PCM ), a Delaware limited liability company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ), as amended. PCM manages PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust PMT ), a mortgage real estate investment trust listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol PMT. We conduct our business in three segments: production, servicing (together, production and servicing comprise our mortgage banking activities) and investment management. The production segment performs loan origination, acquisition and sale activities for our account as well as for PMT. The servicing segment performs loan servicing for both newly originated loans we are holding for sale and loans we service for others, including for PMT. The investment management segment performs investment management activities, which include the activities associated with investment asset acquisitions and dispositions such as sourcing, due diligence, negotiation and settlement. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Following is a summary of our segments results: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net revenues: Production 865,177 2,306,764 2,824,999 Servicing 1,080,500 817,295 840,762 Investment management 40,078 43,302 39,836 1,985,755 3,167,361 3,705,597 Income before income taxes: Production 48,480 1,044,411 1,964,121 Servicing 613,626 306,678 262,144 Investment management 3,141 8,094 14,344 665,247 1,359,183 2,240,609 Total assets at year end: Production 3,866,934 8,934,032 7,870,398 Servicing 12,929,233 9,821,436 23,709,122 Investment management 26,417 21,144 18,275 16,822,584 18,776,612 31,597,795 Unpaid principal balance UPB of loans purchased and originated for our account and for PMT 109,115,829 234,597,882 196,589,353 UPB of loans serviced for PMT and non-affiliates at year end 551,674,682 509,708,281 426,750,830 PMT assets under management at year end 1,962,815 2,367,518 2,296,859 Mortgage Banking Loan Production Our loan production segment sources new prime credit quality residential conventional and government-insured or guaranteed mortgage loans through three channels: correspondent production, consumer direct lending and broker direct lending as described below. Correspondent Production In correspondent production we manage, on behalf of PMT and for our own account, the purchase from non-affiliates of mortgage loans that have been underwritten to investor guidelines. Our correspondent loans historically have been directed to each entity based on the guarantor of the mortgage-backed securities MBS created from the loans: our production focus has primarily been on loans insured or guaranteed by the FHA, VA or USDA for sale into MBS guaranteed by Ginnie Mae, whereas PMT s production focus has been on loans that can be sold into MBS guaranteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. During 2022, we began to acquire certain loans for our own account that can be sold into MBS guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. This mortgage loan production arrangement between us and PMT exists, in part, because PMT is not approved as an issuer of Ginnie Mae guaranteed MBS. As a result, PMT sells the government-insured or guaranteed loans that it purchases from correspondent sellers to us and we pay PMT a sourcing fee ranging from one to two basis points, generally based on the average number of calendar days that PMT holds the loans before our purchase. We generally pool the government-insured or guaranteed loans into Ginnie Mae guaranteed MBS and then sell such MBS to institutional investors. We also acquire certain conventional loans from PMT under the same agreement. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In our correspondent production activities, for loans we source for our own account, we earn loan origination fees from the correspondent sellers, interest income on the loans during the time we hold such loans, gains or losses from the date we make a commitment to purchase the loans through the sale of these loans, and, in connection with such sales, we generally retain and recognize the fair value of the contractual rights to service the loans on behalf of the purchaser of the loans. These contracts are referred to as mortgage servicing rights MSRs ). In our loan fulfillment activities in support of PMT s correspondent production activities and only for loans purchased for PMT s account, we earn fulfillment fees and tax service fees. We may also serve as a correspondent seller of newly originated loans from our consumer direct and broker direct lending channels to PMT under a mortgage loan purchase agreement. When we sell loans to PMT, PMT obtains the mortgage servicing rights relating to such loans. As such, our gains on sale of loans to PMT are primarily cash gains. Consumer Direct Lending Through our consumer direct lending channel, we originate mortgage loans on a national basis. Our consumer direct model relies on the Internet and call center-based staff to acquire and interact with customers across the country. We do not have a brick and mortar branch network. In our consumer direct lending activities, we earn loan origination fees from the borrower, interest income during the time we hold the loan before sale, gains or losses from the date we make a commitment to fund the loan through the sale of these loans, and, in sales to entities other than to PMT, we retain and recognize the fair value of the associated MSRs. To the extent we refinance loans that we subservice for PMT where PMT owns the related MSRs, we are generally required to pay PMT a recapture fee. Broker Direct Lending In broker direct lending, we obtain loan application packages from nonaffiliated mortgage loan brokers, underwrite and fund the resulting loans for sale. In our broker direct lending activities, we earn interest income, gains or losses from the date we make a commitment to fund the loan through the sale of these loans, and, in sales to entities other than PMT, we retain and recognize the fair value of the associated MSRs. Our loan production activities are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) UPB of loans purchased and originated for sale through our: Correspondent lending channel, from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 49,680,267 64,774,728 60,540,530 Consumer direct channel 15,405,697 43,060,266 23,491,465 Broker direct channel 6,939,834 16,759,314 12,168,106 72,025,798 124,594,308 96,200,101 UPB of conventional loans fulfilled for PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 37,090,031 110,003,574 100,389,252 Total loan production 109,115,829 234,597,882 196,589,353 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 The effect of our loan production transactions with PMT on our financial statements are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net (losses) gains on loans held for sale at fair value: Net (losses) gains on loans held for sale to PMT (2,820) 81,295 Mortgage servicing rights and excess servicing spread recapture incurred (13,744) (51,473) (30,614) (16,564) (51,473) 50,681 Fulfillment fee revenue 67,991 178,927 222,200 Tax service fees earned from PMT included in Loan origination fees 8,418 26,126 23,408 Sourcing fees paid to PMT included in cost of loans purchased 4,968 6,472 11,037 Loan Servicing Our loan servicing segment performs loan administration, collection, and default management activities, including the collection and remittance of loan payments; responding to customer inquiries; providing accounting for principal and interest; holding custodial (impounded) funds for the payment of property taxes and insurance premiums; counseling delinquent borrowers; administering loss mitigation activities, including modification and forbearance programs; and supervising foreclosures and property dispositions. We service loans both as the owner of MSRs and mortgage servicing liabilities MSLs and as the subservicer on behalf of PMT. The UPB of our loan servicing portfolio is summarized below: 

December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities: Originated 295,032,674 254,524,015 Purchased 19,568,122 23,861,358 314,600,796 278,385,373 Loans held for sale 3,498,214 9,430,766 Total owned servicing 318,099,010 287,816,139 Subserviced for PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 233,575,672 221,892,142 Total 551,674,682 509,708,281 Our responsibilities and risks relating to loans we service in arrangements where we own the MSRs or MSLs differ from those where we act as subservicer for the owner of the servicing rights. As the owner of the servicing rights: We recognize our investment in the servicing rights received in loan sale transactions where we retain the contractual obligation to service the loans as well the investment we make when we buy MSRs or liability we incur when we assume MSLs. We carry these assets and liabilities at fair value and as such they are subject to subsequent changes in fair value owing to the anticipated realization of the cash flows from the asset or liability or to changes in the market for such MSRs and MSLs; Because our investment in MSRs can be significant and the fair value of this asset is sensitive to changes in prepayment activity, the cost to service the loans and marketplace return requirements, we incur costs to hedge this investment primarily the risk of changes in fair value arising from changes in prepayment speeds in response to changes in interest rates; 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 We are responsible for advancing our corporate funds to protect the loan owners interest in the collateral securing such loans for such items as hazard insurance, property taxes and foreclosure-related costs, subject to future reimbursement, as well as advancing delinquent principal and interest payments to MBS holders; and As the owner of Ginnie Mae MSRs, we have the option to purchase loans that are at least three months delinquent out of the underlying Ginnie Mae securities as an alternative to continuing to advance principal and interest payments to the holders of the Ginnie Mae securities, or we may be required to purchase loans out of Ginnie Mae securities if there has been a modification of the loans terms. Our objective is to work with the borrowers to cure the loan delinquency through either borrower reperformance or modification of the loans terms. When curing the delinquency is not feasible, we work to settle the loan and collect our claims from the applicable insurer or guarantor. When we are able to cure the delinquency and after a minimum required period of reperformance, we are able to re-deliver the cured loan into another Ginnie Mae guaranteed security. As the subservicer for the owner of servicing rights, we do not carry the related MSRs or MSLs on our balance sheet and therefore do not recognize changes in the fair value of MSRs or MSLs and are generally not responsible for financing the advance of corporate funds to protect the loan owners interest in the collateral securing such loans. As a result, the fees we earn from such arrangements are generally less on a per-loan basis than those we earn from holding MSRs and MSLs. Following is a summary of our net loan servicing fees: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net loan servicing fees: From non-affiliates: Loan servicing fees: Contractually specified 1,054,828 875,570 814,646 Other 91,894 118,884 116,464 1,146,722 994,454 931,110 Effect of MSRs and MSLs: Realization of cash flows (523,495) (347,576) (392,152) Other changes in fair value of MSRs and MSLs 877,671 (68,330) (1,109,841) Hedging results (631,484) (475,215) 918,180 (277,308) (891,121) (583,813) Net loans servicing fees from non-affiliates 869,414 103,333 347,297 From affiliates: Loan servicing fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 81,915 80,658 67,181 Change in fair value of excess servicing spread financing payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (1,037) 24,970 Net loans servicing fees from affiliates 81,915 79,621 92,151 Net loan servicing fees 951,329 182,954 439,448 Average UPB of loan serviced for: Non-affiliates 297,207,950 258,759,523 235,567,838 Subserviced for PMT 226,817,005 202,047,495 151,379,311 Investment Management We are an investment manager through our subsidiary, PCM, which provides investment management services to PMT. We earn management fees as a percentage of PMT s net assets and may earn incentive compensation based on PMT s investment performance. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Following is a summary of our management fee revenue: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Base management 31,065 34,794 34,538 Performance incentive 3,007 31,065 37,801 34,538 Net assets of PMT at end of year 1,962,815 2,367,518 2,296,859 Our Business Strategies Our business strategies include: Consumer Direct Lending We expect to grow our consumer direct lending business over time by leveraging our growing servicing portfolio through the recapture of existing customers for refinance and purchase-money loans as well as increasing our non-portfolio originations. As our servicing portfolio grows, we will have a greater number of leads to pursue, which we believe will lead to greater origination activity through our consumer direct business. As of December 31, 2022, we serviced 2.3 million loans. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we funded 15.4 billion, 43.1 billion and 23.5 billion of mortgage loans, respectively, through our consumer direct lending channel. We believe that our national call center model and our technology will enable us to drive origination process efficiencies and best-in-class customer service. Broker Direct Lending According to Inside Mortgage Finance, the broker lending channel represented approximately 15 of U.S. residential mortgage originations in 2022. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we funded 6.9 billion, 16.8 billion and 12.2 billion of mortgage loans, respectively, through our wholesale-broker channel, which is comprised of loans from both the broker segment as well as loans purchased through our non-delegated correspondent segment. We plan on growing our mortgage loan volume in this channel through the addition of new broker and non-delegated partner relationships, as well as expansion of existing relationships enabled by our leading broker technology platform. Correspondent Lending We expect to support our correspondent production market share by expanding the number and types of sellers from which we purchase loans and increasing the proportion of our sellers production volumes that we purchase as we continue to expand to the loan products and services we offer. We believe that we are well positioned to continue taking advantage of this opportunity based on our management expertise in the correspondent production business, our relationships with correspondent sellers, and our supporting systems and processes. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we purchased 49.7 billion, 64.8 billion and 60.5 billion of mortgage loans, respectively, through our correspondent lending channel. Mortgage Loan Servicing Portfolio We expect to grow our servicing portfolio through loan production activities, as our correspondent production for our own account and consumer and broker direct lending add new servicing for owned MSRs, and correspondent conventional production for PMT s account adds new subservicing. We or PMT may also grow our servicing portfolio through acquisitions. In 2022, our loan production totaled 109.1 billion in UPB and we purchased MSRs backed by loans with UPBs totaling 375.4 million. Our MSRs were backed by loans with UPBs totaling 314.6 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Expansion into New Markets and Products We regularly evaluate opportunities to grow our business, including expansion into new markets and providing additional services to our customers directly or through external partnerships. To date, we have entered into partnerships or joint ventures that can provide insurance and closing and title services to our customers and others. We also continue to develop new products to satisfy demand from customers in each of our production channels and respond to changing circumstances in the market for mortgage-related financing. U.S. Mortgage Market The U.S. residential mortgage market is one of the largest financial markets in the world, with approximately 15.2 trillion of outstanding debt as of September 30, 2022. According to Inside Mortgage Finance, first lien mortgage loan origination volume was approximately 2.2 trillion in 2022. Many of the largest financial institutions, primarily banks which have traditionally held the majority of the market share in mortgage origination and servicing, have reduced their participation in the mortgage market creating opportunities for non-bank participants. The residential mortgage industry is characterized by high barriers to entry, including the necessity for approvals required to sell loans to and service loans for the Agencies, state licensing requirements for non-federally chartered banks, sophisticated infrastructure, technology, risk management, and processes required for successful operations, and financial capital requirements. Competition Given the diverse and specialized nature of our businesses, we do not believe we have a direct competitor for the totality of our business. We compete with a number of nationally-focused companies in each of our businesses. In our loan production and servicing segments, we compete with large financial institutions, including the cash windows of the GSEs, and with other independent residential mortgage loan producers and servicers, such as Rocket Mortgage, Mr. Cooper and United Wholesale Mortgage. In our loan production segment, we compete primarily on the basis of customer service, marketing penetration, customer network, product offerings, technical knowledge, manufacturing quality, speed of execution, rate and fees. In our servicing segment, we compete primarily on the basis of experience in the residential loan servicing business, quality and efficiency of execution and servicing performance. In our investment management segment, we compete for capital with both traditional and alternative investment managers. We compete primarily on the basis of historical track record of risk-adjusted returns, experience of investment management team, the return profile of prospective investment opportunities and on the level of fees and expenses. Seasonality/Cyclicality The demand for loan originations is affected by consumer demand for home loans. Demand for home loans generally comes from the demand for loans made to finance the purchase of homes and the demand for loans made to refinance existing loans. The demand for loans made to finance the purchase of homes is most significantly influenced by the overall strength of the economy, housing prices and availability and societal factors such as household formation and government support for homeownership. The demand for loans made to refinance existing loans is most significantly influenced by movements in interest rates and to a lesser extent, to changes in property values and employment. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Human Capital Resources Our long-term growth and success is highly dependent upon our employees and our ability to maintain a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace representing a broad spectrum of backgrounds, ideas and perspectives. As part of these efforts, we strive to offer competitive compensation and benefits, foster a community where everyone feels a greater sense of belonging and purpose, and provide employees with the opportunity to give back and make an impact in the communities where we live and serve. We had over 4,000 domestic employees as of the end of fiscal year 2022. In addition, as of the end of fiscal year 2022, our workforce was 49.9 female and 50.1 male, and the ethnicity of our workforce was 44.4 White, 22.6 Hispanic or Latino, 14.3 Black or African American, 14.2 Asian and 4.5 other (which includes American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and Two or More Races as defined in our EE0-1 Report filed with the Department Labor). Employee Retention and Development We believe in attracting, developing and engaging the best talent, while providing a supportive work environment that prioritizes the health and safety of our employees. Talent development is a critical component of the employee experience and ensures that all employees have career growth opportunities, including establishing development networks and relationships and fostering continued growth and learning. Employees receive regular business and compliance training to help further enhance their career development objectives. We also actively manage enterprise-wide and divisional mentoring programs and have partnered with an external vendor to establish a comprehensive, fully integrated wellness program designed to enhance the productivity of our employees. Compensation and Succession Planning Our compensation programs are designed to motivate and reward employees who possess the necessary skills to support our business strategy and create long-term value for our stockholders. Employee compensation may include base salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term equity incentives, as well as life insurance and 401(k) plan matching contributions. We also offer a comprehensive selection of health and welfare benefits to our employees including emotional well-being support and paid parental leave programs. Succession planning is also critical to our operations and we have established ongoing evaluations of our leadership depth and succession capabilities. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We believe that building a diverse, equitable and inclusive, high-performing workforce where our employees bring varied perspectives and experiences to work every day creates a positive influence in our workplace, community and business operations. Our Board of Directors, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Compensation Committee, and Risk Committee provide regular oversight of our corporate sustainability program, including our diversity, equity and inclusion programs and initiatives. We have also taken proactive measures to strategically and sustainably advance equity in the workplace through our Business Resource Groups BRG ), a diversity hiring initiative, mentorship programs, and external partnerships with organizations such as the Mortgage Bankers Association and the National Association of Minority Mortgage Bankers of America. We also established leadership goals and created customized initiatives that focus on our continued effort to increase the number of women and underrepresented minorities in management positions throughout our company and its business divisions. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 As it relates to our inclusive culture, we established the following BRGs to emphasize career growth, networking, and learning opportunities for employees and allies with shared backgrounds and experiences: the BOLD BRG (for Black and African American employees and allies), the HOLA BRG (for Hispanic, Latino and Latinx employees and allies), the InspirASIAN BRG (for our Asian American and Pacific Islander employees and allies), the Pennymac PRIDE BRG (for our LGBTQIA employees and allies), the SERVE BRG (for our veteran and military family employees and allies), and the wEMRG BRG (for our women employees and allies). We also foster a more inclusive culture through a variety of initiatives, including corporate training, special events, community outreach and corporate philanthropy. Community Involvement We have a corporate philanthropy program that is governed by a philosophy of giving that prioritizes the support of causes and issues that are important in our local communities, and drives a culture of employee engagement and collaboration throughout our organization. We are committed to empowering our employees to be a positive influence in the communities where we live and serve, and believe that this commitment supports our efforts to attract and engage employees and improve retention. Our philanthropy program consists of three key components: an employee matching gift program, a charitable grants program and a corporate sponsorship program. Our five philanthropic focus areas are: community development and equitable housing, financial literacy and economic inclusion, human and social services, health and medical research, and environmental sustainability. We have established a separate donor advised fund to facilitate donations to various local and national charitable organizations and have provided funding to several charitable organizations located near our office sites and national organizations that support missions such as sustainable homeownership, mortgage and rental assistance, food insecurity, disaster recovery, family and child advocacy, and community empowerment. We also manage our environmental impact by focusing on improving our waste reduction, energy efficiency and water conservation. Legal and Regulatory Compliance Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation. The CFPB was established on July 21, 2010 under Title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). The CFPB is responsible for ensuring consumers are provided with timely and understandable information to make responsible decisions about financial transactions, federal consumer financial laws are enforced and consumers are protected from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices and from discrimination. Although the CFPB s actions may improve consumer protection, such actions also have resulted in a meaningful increase in costs to consumers and financial services companies including mortgage originators and servicers. Our loan production and loan servicing operations are regulated at the state level by state licensing authorities and administrative agencies. We, along with certain PNMAC employees who engage in regulated activities, must apply for licensing as a mortgage banker or lender, loan servicer and debt collector pursuant to applicable state law. These state licensing requirements typically require an application process, the payment of fees, background checks and administrative review. Our servicing operations are licensed (or exempt or otherwise not required to be licensed) to service mortgage loans in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam and the United States Virgin Islands. Our consumer direct lending business is licensed to originate loans in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. From time to time, we receive requests from states and Agencies and various investors for records, documents and information regarding our policies, procedures and practices regarding our loan production and loan servicing business activities, and undergo periodic examinations by federal and state regulatory agencies. We incur significant ongoing costs to comply with these licensing and examination requirements. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 The Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (the SAFE Act requires all states to enact laws that require all individuals acting in the United States as mortgage loan originators to be individually licensed or registered if they intend to offer mortgage loan products. These licensing requirements include enrollment in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System, application to state regulators for individual licenses and the completion of pre-licensing education, annual education and the successful completion of both national and state exams. We must comply with a number of federal consumer protection laws, including, among others: the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA ), and Regulation X thereunder, which require certain disclosures to mortgagors regarding the costs of mortgage loans, the administration of tax and insurance escrows, the transferring of servicing of mortgage loans, the response to consumer complaints, and payments between lenders and vendors of certain settlement services; the Truth in Lending Act TILA ), and Regulation Z thereunder, which require certain disclosures to mortgagors regarding the terms of their mortgage loans, notices of sale, assignments or transfers of ownership of mortgage loans, new servicing rules involving payment processing, and adjustable rate mortgage change notices and periodic statements; the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B thereunder, which prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, race and certain other characteristics, in the extension of credit; the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits discrimination in housing on the basis of race, sex, national origin, and certain other characteristics; the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C thereunder, which require financial institutions to report certain public loan data; the Homeowners Protection Act, which requires the cancellation of private mortgage insurance once certain equity levels are reached, sets disclosure and notification requirements, and requires the return of unearned premiums; the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, which provides, among other things, interest and foreclosure protections for service members on active duty; the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and Regulation P thereunder, which require us to maintain privacy with respect to certain consumer data in our possession and to periodically communicate with consumers on privacy matters; the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, which regulates the timing and content of debt collection communications; the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V thereunder, which regulate the use and reporting of information related to the credit history of consumers; the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, which provides for lenders to require from borrowers or to purchase flood insurance on behalf of borrower/owners of properties in special flood hazard areas; and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), which allows borrowers with federally-backed loans to request temporary payment forbearance in response to the increased borrower hardships resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Many of these laws are further impacted by the SAFE Act and implementation of new rules by the CFPB. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Our senior management team has established a comprehensive compliance management system CMS that is designed to ensure compliance with applicable mortgage origination and servicing laws and regulations. The components of our CMS include: (a) oversight by senior management and our Board of Directors to ensure that our compliance culture, guidance, and resources are appropriate; (b) a compliance program to ensure that our policies, training and monitoring activities are complete and comprehensive; (c) a complaint management program to ensure that consumer complaints are appropriately addressed and that any required actions are implemented on a timely basis; and (d) independent oversight to ensure that our CMS is functioning as designed. An important component of the CMS is management s Mortgage Regulatory Compliance Committee MRCC ). This committee oversees the CMS and supports our cultural initiatives that reinforce the importance of regulatory compliance. The MRCC also monitors changes in the internal and external environment, approves mortgage compliance policies, monitors compliance with those policies and ensures any required remediation is implemented on a timely basis. The MRCC has identified individuals throughout the organization to oversee specific areas of compliance. MRCC membership includes senior management from all areas of the Company impacted by mortgage compliance laws and regulations. The MRCC meets on a regular basis throughout the year. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We hold or have otherwise applied for various registered trademarks, including trademarks with respect to the name Pennymac and various additional designs and word marks relating to the Pennymac name. Depending upon the jurisdiction, trademarks generally are valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. We generally intend to renew our trademarks as they come up for renewal. Our other intellectual property includes proprietary know-how and technological innovations, such as our proprietary workflow-driven cloud-based servicing system, as well as proprietary pricing engines, loan-level analytics systems and other trade secrets that we have developed to maintain our competitive position. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy statements and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge through the investor relations section of our website at www.pennymacfinancial.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. The above references to our website and the SEC s website do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on those websites and should not be considered part of this document. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary Risk Factors We are subject to a number of risks that, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Some of our more significant challenges and risks include, but are not limited to, the following, which are described in greater detail below: Our business is significantly impacted by changes in interest rates. Changes in prevailing interest rates, rising inflation rates, U.S. monetary policies or other macroeconomic conditions that affect interest rates may have a detrimental effect on our business and earnings. Our mortgage banking revenues are highly dependent on macroeconomic factors and real estate market, mortgage market and financial market conditions. We may not be able to effectively manage significant increases or decreases in our loan production volume, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which may limit our financial and operating activities, expose us to substantial increases in costs due to interest rate fluctuations, expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations and may adversely affect our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs. We rely on external financial arrangements to fund mortgage loans and operate our business and our inability to refinance or enter new financial arrangements could be detrimental to our business. Increases in delinquencies and defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We are required to make servicing advances that can be subject to delays in recovery or may not be recoverable due to delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our acquisition and ownership of mortgage servicing rights exposes us to significant risks. A disruption in the MBS market could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We may be required to indemnify the purchasers of loans that we originate, acquire or assist in the fulfillment of, or repurchase those loans, if those loans fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances and we may be unable to seek indemnity or require our counterparties to repurchase loans if they breach representations and warranties they make to us. Failure to successfully modify, resell or refinance early buyout loans EBO or defaults of EBO loans beyond expected levels may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We depend on counterparties and vendors to provide services that are critical to our business, which subjects us to a variety of risks. Climate change, adverse weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist attacks, and other long term physical and environmental changes and conditions could adversely impact properties that we own or that collateralize loans we own or service, as well as geographic areas where we conduct business. Our failure to appropriately address various issues that may give rise to reputational risk could cause harm to our business and adversely affect our earnings. We operate in a highly regulated industry and the continually changing federal, state and local laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. New CFPB or state rules and regulations or more stringent enforcement of existing rules and regulations by these regulators could result in enforcement actions, fines, penalties and the inherent reputational risk that results from such actions. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We are highly dependent on U.S. government-sponsored entities and government agencies, and any organizational or pricing changes at such entities or their regulators could materially and adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. We are required to have various Agency approvals and state licenses in order to conduct our business and there is no assurance we will be able to obtain or maintain those Agency approvals or state licenses. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic . We rely on PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust PMT as a significant source of financing for, and revenue related to, our mortgage banking business, and the termination of, or material adverse change in, the terms of this relationship, or a material adverse change to PMT or its operations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. A significant portion of our loan servicing operations are conducted pursuant to subservicing contracts with PMT, and any termination by PMT of these contracts, or a material change in the terms thereof that is adverse to us, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Market conditions could reduce the fair value of the assets that we manage, which would reduce our management and incentive fees. Our failure to comply with the extensive amount of regulation applicable to our investment management segment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We may encounter conflicts of interest in trying to appropriately allocate our time and services between activities for our own account and for PMT, or in trying to appropriately allocate investment opportunities among ourselves and for PMT. Our risk management efforts may not be effective. Initiating new business activities, developing new products or significantly expanding existing business activities may expose us to new risks and increase our cost of doing business. Cybersecurity risks, cyber incidents and technology failures may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. We operate in a highly competitive market and decreased margins resulting from increased competition or our inability to compete successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Risk Factors In addition to the other information set forth in this Report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in future periods. Risks Related to Our Mortgage Banking Segment Market and Financial Risks Our business is significantly impacted by changes in interest rates. Changes in prevailing interest rates, rising inflation rates, U.S. monetary policies or other macroeconomic conditions that affect interest rates may have a detrimental effect on our business and earnings. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our operations, financial performance and earnings are affected by factors including prevailing interest rates, United States monetary policies or other macroeconomic conditions such as inflation fluctuations, recessions, consumer confidence and demand. For example, as interest rates have risen in 2022, our loan production volumes have decreased as compared to 2021 as fewer loans were originated or refinanced. As a result, our net revenues decreased from 3.2 billion in fiscal year 2021 to 2.0 billion in fiscal year 2022. Inflation rates also increased in 2022 and may continue to rise. In addition, interest rates and the liquidity of the MBS market may be impacted by the Federal Reserve increasing the federal funds rate, tapering MBS purchases or selling MBS. Our financial performance and profitability is directly affected by changes in prevailing interest rates. An increase in prevailing interest rates could: adversely affect our loan production volume, as refinancing an existing loan would be less attractive and qualifying for a loan may be more difficult; adversely affect our Ginnie Mae EBOs because loan modifications would become less economically feasible; and increase the cost of servicing our outstanding debt, including debt related to servicing assets and loan production. A decrease in prevailing interest rates could: cause an increase in the expected volume of loan refinancings, which would require us to record decreases in fair value on our MSRs; and reduce our earnings from our custodial deposit accounts. Furthermore, borrowings under our warehouse lines of credit, and MSR and servicing advance facilities are at variable rates of interest, which also expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on certain of our variable-rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our earnings and cash flows may correspondingly decrease. An event of default, a negative ratings agency action, the perception of financial weakness, an adverse action by a regulatory authority, a lengthening of foreclosure timelines or a general deterioration in the economy that constricts the availability of credit may increase our cost of funds and make it difficult for us to refinance existing debt and borrow additional funds. In addition, we may not be able to adjust our operational capacity and staffing in a timely manner, or at all, in response to increases or decreases in loan production volume resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates. Any of the increases or decreases discussed above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our mortgage banking revenues are highly dependent on macroeconomic factors and real estate market, mortgage market and financial market conditions. The success of our business strategies and our results of operations are materially affected by current or future conditions in the real estate market, mortgage markets, financial markets and the economy generally. Factors such as the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, deflation, unemployment, personal and business income taxes, healthcare, energy costs, domestic political issues, government shutdowns, climate change and the availability and cost of credit may contribute to increased volatility and unclear expectations for the economy in general and the real estate, mortgage market and financial markets in particular going forward. A destabilization of the real estate market, mortgage market and financial markets or deterioration in these markets also could reduce our loan production volume, reduce the profitability of servicing mortgages or adversely affect our ability to sell mortgage loans that we originate or acquire, either at a profit or at all. Inflation and future expectations of inflation could increase our operating expenses and may affect our profitability if the additional operating costs are not recoverable through increased revenues or profit margins. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to effectively manage significant increases or decreases in our loan production volume, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. If we do not effectively manage loan production volumes and are unable to consistently maintain quality of execution, our reputation and existing relationships with mortgage lenders and brokers could be damaged, we may not be able to maintain PMT s existing relationships or develop new relationships with mortgage lenders and brokers, our new mortgage products may not gain widespread acceptance and the quality of our correspondent production, consumer direct lending and wholesale broker lending operations could suffer, all of which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. Our loan production segment is also subject to overall market factors that could adversely impact our loan production volumes. For example, increased competition from new and existing market participants, reductions in the overall level of refinancing activity or a decrease in home purchase activity can decrease our loan production volumes. We may be forced to accept lower margins in our respective businesses to continue to compete and keep our loan production volumes consistent with past or projected levels or be forced to reduce our levels of production activity. In addition, we may not be able to adjust our operational capacity and staffing in a timely manner, or at all, in response to increases or decreases in loan production volume resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which may limit our financial and operating activities, expose us to substantial increases in costs due to interest rate fluctuations, expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations and may adversely affect our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs. As of December 31, 2022, we had 7.0 billion of total indebtedness outstanding (approximately 5.2 billion of which was secured) and up to 6.5 billion of additional capacity under our secured borrowings and other secured debt financing arrangements. This substantial indebtedness and any future indebtedness we incur could have adverse consequences and, for example, could: 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, including indebtedness we may incur in the future, thereby reducing the funds available for operations, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including any restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under the indentures governing the unsecured senior notes or under the agreements governing our other indebtedness which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of our indebtedness under our other debt instruments or the unsecured senior notes; subject us to increased sensitivity to interest rate increases; make us more vulnerable to economic downturns, adverse industry conditions or catastrophic events, including the COVID-19 pandemic and climate change; reduce our flexibility in planning for or responding to changing business, industry and economic conditions; and/or place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors that have relatively less debt than we have. 
 In addition, our substantial level of indebtedness could limit our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, or at all, for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our liquidity needs vary significantly from time to time and may be affected by general economic conditions, industry trends, performance and many other factors outside our control. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 We rely on external financial arrangements to fund mortgage loans and operate our business and our inability to refinance or enter new financial arrangements could be detrimental to our business. Our ability to finance our business operations and repay maturing obligations rests in large part on our ability to borrow money. Unlike some of our competitors who fund mortgage loans through bank deposits, we generally fund our mortgage loans through borrowings under warehouse facilities and other financing arrangements as well as funds from our operations. Our borrowings are generally repaid with the proceeds we receive from mortgage loan sales. We require new and continued financing to fund mortgage loans and operate our business. We are generally required to renew many of our financing arrangements on a regular basis, which exposes us to refinancing and interest rate risks. Our ability to refinance our existing financial obligations and borrow additional funds is affected by a variety of factors beyond our control including: limitations imposed on us under our financing agreements that contain restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, which may limit our ability to raise additional debt; restrictions imposed upon us by regulatory agencies that mandate certain minimum capital and liquidity requirements and additional scrutiny from such regulatory agencies; liquidity in the credit markets; prevailing interest rates; the strength of the lenders from which we borrow, and the regulatory environment in which they operate, including proposed capital strengthening requirements; limitations on borrowings from financing arrangements imposed by the amount of eligible collateral pledged, which may be less than the borrowing capacity of the credit facility; and accounting changes that may impact calculations of covenants in our financing arrangements. We are also dependent on a limited number of banking institutions that extend us credit on terms that we have determined to be commercially reasonable. These banking institutions are subject to their own regulatory supervision, liquidity and capital requirements, risk management frameworks, profitability and risk thresholds and tolerances, any of which may change materially and negatively impact their business strategies, including their extension of credit to us specifically or mortgage lenders and servicers generally. Certain banking institutions have already exited, and others may in the future decide to exit the mortgage business. Such actions may increase our cost of capital and limit or otherwise eliminate our access to capital, in which case our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. In the event that any of our financial arrangements is terminated or is not renewed, or if the principal amount that may be drawn under our funding agreements that provide for immediate funding at closing were to significantly decrease, we may be unable to find replacement financing on commercially favorable terms, or at all, which could be detrimental to our business. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 We finance our loans and other assets under secured financing agreements and utilize various other sources of borrowings, which exposes us to significant risk and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We finance and, to the extent available, we intend to continue to leverage the loans produced through our loan production businesses with borrowings under repurchase agreements. When we enter into repurchase agreements, we sell mortgage loans to lenders, which are the repurchase agreement counterparties, and receive cash from the lenders. The lenders are obligated to resell the same assets back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. Because the cash that we receive from a lender when we initially sell the assets to that lender is less than the fair value of those assets (this difference is referred to as the haircut or margin), if the lender defaults on its obligation to resell the same assets back to us we could incur a loss on the transaction equal to the amount of the haircut or margin reduced by interest accrued on the repurchase agreement (assuming that there was no change in the fair value of the assets). Repurchase agreements generally allow the counterparties, to varying degrees, to determine a new fair value of the collateral to reflect current market conditions. If a counterparty lender determines that the fair value of the collateral has decreased, it may initiate a margin call and require us to either post additional collateral to cover such decrease or repay a portion of the outstanding borrowing. Should this occur, in order to obtain cash to satisfy a margin call, we may be required to liquidate assets at a disadvantageous time, which could cause us to incur further losses. If we are unable to satisfy a margin call, our counterparty may sell the collateral, which may result in significant losses to us. In addition, we invest in certain assets, including MSRs and EBOs, for which financing has historically been difficult to obtain. We currently leverage certain of our MSRs and EBOs under secured financing arrangements. Freddie Mae MSRs are pledged through a special purpose entity to secure borrowings under a master repurchase agreement. Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae MSRs are pledged to special purpose entities, each of which issues variable funding notes and term notes that are secured by such Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae assets, as applicable, and repaid through the servicing cash flows . Some of our EBOs are contributed to a special purpose entity, which issues participation certificates pledged to secure borrowings under a master repurchase agreement. In each case, similar to our repurchase agreements, the cash that we receive under these secured financing arrangements is less than the fair value of the assets and a decrease in the fair value of the pledged collateral can result in a margin call. Should a margin call occur, we may be required to liquidate assets at a disadvantageous time, which could cause us to incur further losses. If we are unable to satisfy a margin call, the secured parties may sell the collateral, which may result in significant losses to us. Each of the secured financing arrangements pursuant to which we finance MSRs is further subject to the terms of an acknowledgement agreement with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, as applicable, pursuant to which our and the secured parties rights are subordinate in all respects to the rights of the applicable Agency. Accordingly, the exercise by any of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae of its rights under the applicable acknowledgment agreement could result in the extinguishment of our and the secured parties rights in the related collateral and result in significant losses to us. We may in the future utilize other sources of borrowings, including term loans, bank credit facilities and structured financing arrangements, among others. The amount of leverage we employ varies depending on the asset class being financed, our available capital, our ability to obtain and access financing arrangements with lenders and the lenders and rating agencies estimate of, among other things, the stability of our cash flows. We can provide no assurance that we will have access to any debt or equity capital on favorable terms or at the desired times, or at all. Our inability to raise such capital or obtain financing on favorable terms could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Our financing agreements contain financial and restrictive covenants that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our various financing agreements require us and/or our subsidiaries to comply with various restrictive covenants, including those relating to tangible net worth, profitability and our ratio of total liabilities to tangible net worth. Incurring substantial debt subjects us to the risk that our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to repurchase the assets that we have sold under our repurchase agreements or otherwise service the debt incurred under our other financing agreements. Our lenders also require us to maintain minimum amounts of cash or cash equivalents sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position. In addition, the repayment of the unsecured senior notes will depend in part on our restricted subsidiaries generation of cash flow and our restricted subsidiaries ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or other means. The unsecured senior note indentures contain additional restrictive covenants that limit our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to engage in specified types of transactions, including our ability and/or the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: pay dividends or distributions, redeem or repurchase equity, prepay subordinated debt and make certain loans or investments; merge or consolidate with another person or sell all or substantially all of our assets to another person; transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets including capital stock of subsidiaries; enter into transactions with affiliates; and allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of non-guarantor restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us. If we fail to comply with the restrictive covenants and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result under the terms of our financing arrangement or could limit our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, or at all, for working capital and general corporate purposes. If an event of default occurs, our financing arrangements could be immediately due and payable, requiring us to apply all available cash to repay our financing arrangements, and if we were unable to repay or refinance our financial arrangements then any collateral securing the financial arrangements may be sold by our lenders. We are subject to risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR. As of December 31, 2021, one-week and two-month United States Dollar LIBOR (and certain non-U.S. dollar LIBOR settings) were discontinued, while the remaining non-U.S. dollar LIBOR settings ceased to be representative and thereafter began to be published only on a synthetic basis . In addition, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which is the regulator of the LIBOR administrator, has announced that the principal United States Dollar LIBOR tenors (overnight and one, three, six and 12 months) will cease to be published by any administrator or will no longer be representative as of June 30, 2023. In addition, despite the expected publication of the principal United States Dollar LIBOR settings through June 30, 2023, the FCA has prohibited the firms it regulates from using such settings in new contracts (subject to limited exceptions). Accordingly, many LIBOR obligations have transitioned to another benchmark or will soon do so. Different types of financial products have transitioned, or are expected to transition, to different benchmarks; and there is no assurance that any alternative benchmark will be the economic equivalent of any LIBOR setting. For some existing LIBOR-based obligations, the contractual consequences of the discontinuation of LIBOR may not be clear. Although the foregoing reflects the timing (or expected timing) of LIBOR discontinuation and certain consequences, there is no assurance that LIBOR, of any particular currency or tenor, will continue to be published until any particular date or in any particular form, and there is no assurance regarding the consequences of LIBOR discontinuation. Uncertainty as to the foregoing and the nature of alternative reference rates may adversely impact the availability and costs of borrowings. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The discontinuation of LIBOR could have a significant impact on the financial markets and our business activities. The cost of borrowing under certain of our financing arrangements is based on LIBOR. We also may hold assets and instruments used to hedge the value of certain assets with values or cash flows determined by reference to LIBOR. We expect to face challenges during the transition away from LIBOR for all of our LIBOR based financing arrangements, regardless of whether their maturity dates (as applicable) fall before or after the discontinuation date after June 30, 2023. These challenges include, but are not limited to, amending agreements or instruments underlying our existing and/or new LIBOR-based assets, financing arrangements, securities and liabilities with appropriate fallback language in such a way as to ensure economic equivalence with our LIBOR-based assets, financing arrangements and securities prior to the discontinuation of LIBOR, and the possibility that LIBOR may deteriorate as a viable benchmark to ensure a fair cost of funds for our LIBOR-linked liabilities, interest income for our LIBOR-linked assets, and/or the determination of fair value for certain of our assets and hedges using LIBOR as a benchmark rate or used to develop a market discount rate. In addition, the transition to using any new benchmark rate or other financial metric may require changes to existing transaction data, products, systems, models, operations and pricing processes. We also anticipate additional risks to our current business activities as they relate to the discontinuation of LIBOR. We may service LIBOR-based adjustable rate mortgages for which the underlying mortgage notes incorporate fallback provisions, but we cannot anticipate the response of our borrowers or note holders to such risks. We may also incorporate LIBOR base rates for financial planning and reporting in our financial models. In the United States, there have been efforts to identify alternative reference interest rates to replace United States Dollar LIBOR. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee has recommended that U.S. dollar LIBOR be replaced by rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus, in the case of existing LIBOR contracts and obligations, a spread adjustment. The derivatives markets are also expected to use SOFR-based rates to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR. SOFR is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing funds overnight in transactions that are collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. LIBOR is intended to be an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding costs for different short-term tenors and, other than its overnight setting, reflects expectations regarding future interest rates. Thus, LIBOR is generally intended to be sensitive to bank credit risk and to short-term interest rate expectations and SOFR is intended to be insensitive to credit risk and to risks related to interest rates other than overnight rates. These fundamental differences between LIBOR and SOFR mean we are unable to clearly assess the risk of transitioning from LIBOR to SOFR for any of our LIBOR-based liabilities or assets. Due to these risks, we expect that both the impending and actual discontinuation of LIBOR could affect our interest expense and earnings, our cost of capital, and the fair value of certain of our assets and the instruments we use to hedge their fair value. For the same reason, we also can provide no assurance that changes in the fair value of our hedge instruments will effectively offset changes in the fair value of the assets they are expected to hedge. Furthermore, the transition away from widely used benchmark rates like LIBOR could result in customers or other market participants challenging the determination of their interest or dividend payments, disputing the interpretations or implementation of contract or instrument fallback provisions and other transition related changes. Our inability to manage these risks effectively may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Hedging against interest rate exposure may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We pursue hedging strategies primarily in an effort to mitigate the effect of changes in interest rates on the fair value of our assets. To manage this price risk, we use derivative financial instruments acquired with the intention of moderating the risk that changes in market interest rates will result in unfavorable changes in the fair value of our assets, primarily prepayment exposure on our MSR investments as well as interest rate lock commitments IRLCs and our inventory of loans held for sale. For example, with respect to our IRLCs and inventory of loans held for sale, we may use MBS forward sale contracts to lock in the price at which we will sell the mortgage loans or resulting MBS, and MBS put options to mitigate the risk of our IRLCs not closing at the rate we expect. In addition, with respect to our MSRs, we may use MBS forward purchase and sale contracts to address exposures to smaller interest rate shifts with Treasury and interest rate swap futures, and use options and swaptions to achieve target coverage levels for larger interest rate shocks. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Our hedging activity will vary in scope based on the risks being mitigated, the level of interest rates, the type of investments held, and other changing market conditions such as those resulting from the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Hedging instruments involve risk because they often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities, and our interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates; available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability or asset; the credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and the hedging counterparty owing the money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay. In addition, we may fail to recalculate, re-adjust and execute hedges in an efficient manner. Any hedging activity, which is intended to limit losses, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions seeking to reduce interest rate risk, unanticipated changes in interest rates may result in worse overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. A liquid secondary market may not exist for a hedging instrument purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in significant losses. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in hedging strategies and price movements in the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not establish an effective correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged. Any such ineffective correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. Numerous regulations currently apply to hedging and any new regulations or changes in existing regulations may significantly increase our administrative or compliance costs. Our derivative agreements generally provide for the daily mark to market of our hedge exposures. If a hedge counterparty determines that its exposure to us exceeds its exposure threshold, it may initiate a margin call and require us to post collateral. If we are unable to satisfy a margin call, we would be in default of our agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We utilize derivative financial instruments, which could subject us to risk of loss. We utilize derivative financial instruments for hedging purposes, which may include swaps, options and futures; however, the prices of derivative financial instruments are highly volatile. As a result, the cost of utilizing derivatives may reduce our income that would otherwise be available for distribution to stockholders or for other purposes, and the derivative instruments that we utilize may fail to effectively hedge our positions. We are also subject to credit risk with regard to the counterparties involved in the derivative transactions. We are exposed to a number of risks relating to holding derivative instruments. A liquid secondary market may not exist for a hedging instrument purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in significant losses. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in hedging strategies and price movements in the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not establish an effective correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged. Any such ineffective correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. Numerous regulations currently apply to hedging and any new regulations or changes in existing regulations may significantly increase our administrative or compliance costs. Our derivative agreements generally provide for the daily mark to market of our hedge exposures. If a hedge counterparty determines that its exposure to us exceeds its exposure threshold, it may initiate a margin call and require us to post collateral. If we are unable to satisfy a margin call, we would be in default of our agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 The use of derivative instruments is also subject to an increasing number of laws and regulations, including the Dodd-Frank Act and other federal regulations. These laws and regulations are complex, compliance with them may be costly and time consuming, and our failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could subject us to lawsuits or government actions and damage our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We use estimates in determining the fair value of our MSRs, which are highly volatile assets with continually changing fair values. If our estimates of their value prove to be inaccurate, we may be required to write down the fair values of the MSRs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our estimates of the fair value of our MSRs is based on the cash flows projected to result from the servicing of the related mortgage loans and continually fluctuates due to a number of factors. These factors include prepayment speeds, interest rate changes, costs to service the loans and other market conditions. We use internal financial models that utilize our understanding of inputs used by market participants to value our MSRs for purposes of financial reporting and for purposes of determining the price that we pay for portfolios of MSRs and to acquire loans for which we will retain MSRs. These models are complex and use asset-specific collateral data and market inputs for interest and discount rates. In addition, the modeling requirements of MSRs are complex because of the high number of variables that drive cash flows associated with MSRs. Even if the general accuracy of our valuation models is validated, valuations are highly dependent upon the reasonableness of our inputs and the results of the models. If loan delinquencies or prepayment speeds are different than anticipated or other factors perform differently than modeled, the recorded fair value of certain of our MSRs may change. Significant differences in performance could increase the chance that we do not adequately estimate the effect of these factors on our valuations which could result in misstatements of our financial results, restatements of our financial statements, or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The geographic concentration of our servicing portfolio may be affected by weaker economic conditions or adverse events specific to certain regions which could decrease the fair value of our MSRs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. A decline in the economy, the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other difficulties in certain real estate markets may cause a decline in the value of residential and commercial properties. To the extent that certain states in which we have greater concentrations of business in the future experience weaker economic conditions or greater rates of decline in real estate values than the United States generally, such concentration may disproportionately decrease the fair value of our MSRs and adversely affect our loan production businesses. The impact of property value declines may increase in magnitude and it may continue for a long period of time. Additionally, if states in which we have greater concentrations of business were to change their licensing or other regulatory requirements to make our business cost-prohibitive, we may be required to stop doing business in those states or may be subject to a higher cost of doing business in those states, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Increases in delinquencies and defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Delinquencies can result from many factors including unemployment, weak economic conditions or real estate values, or catastrophic events such as man-made or natural disasters, pandemics, war or terrorist attacks. A decrease in home prices may result in higher loan-to-value ratios LTVs ), lower recoveries in foreclosure and an increase in loss severities above those that would have been realized had property values remained the same or continued to increase. Some borrowers do not have sufficient equity in their homes to permit them to refinance their existing loans, which may reduce the volume of our loan production business. This may also provide borrowers with an incentive to default on their mortgage loans even if they have the ability to make principal and interest payments. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Increased mortgage delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures may result in lower revenue for loans that we service for the Agencies because we only collect servicing fees from the Agencies for performing loans, and our failure to service delinquent and defaulted loans in accordance with the applicable servicing guidelines could result in our failure to benefit from available monetary incentives and/or expose us to monetary penalties and curtailments. Additionally, while increased delinquencies generate higher ancillary fees, including late fees, these fees may not be recoverable if the related loan is liquidated or due to CARES Act restrictions or other requirements or as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, an increase in delinquencies lowers the interest income that we receive on cash held in collection and other accounts because there is less cash in those accounts. Also, increased mortgage defaults may ultimately reduce the number of mortgages that we service. Increased mortgage delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures will also result in a higher cost to service those loans due to the increased time and effort required to collect payments from delinquent borrowers and to acquire and liquidate the properties securing the loans or otherwise resolve loan defaults if payment collection is unsuccessful, and only a portion of these increased costs are recoverable under our servicing agreements. Increased mortgage delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures may also result in an increase in servicing advances we are obligated to make to fulfill our obligations to MBS holders and to protect our investors interests in the properties securing the delinquent mortgage loans. An increase in required advances also may cause an increase in our interest expense and affect our liquidity as a result of increased borrowings under our financing agreements to fund any such increase in the advances. We are required to make servicing advances that can be subject to delays in recovery or may not be recoverable due to delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. During any period in which a borrower is not making payments, we may be required under our servicing agreements in respect of our MSRs to advance our own funds to pay property taxes and insurance premiums, legal expenses and other protective advances, and may be required to advance principal and interest payments to security holders of the MBS into which the loans are sold. We also advance funds under these agreements to maintain, repair and market real estate properties on behalf of investors. As home values change, we may have to reconsider certain of the assumptions underlying our decisions to make advances and, in certain situations, our contractual obligations may require us to make advances for which we may not be reimbursed. In addition, if a loan serviced by us is in default or becomes delinquent, the repayment to us of the advance may be delayed until the loan is repaid or refinanced or a liquidation occurs. Federal, state or local regulatory actions may also result in an increase in the amount of servicing advances that we are required to make, lengthen the time it takes for us to be reimbursed for such advances and increase the costs incurred while the loan is delinquent. A delay in our ability to collect advances may adversely affect our liquidity, and our inability to be reimbursed for advances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, increased mortgage delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures will also result in a higher cost to service those loans due to the increased time and effort required to collect payments from delinquent borrowers, to foreclose on the loan and to liquidate properties or otherwise resolve loan defaults if payment collection is unsuccessful. Any significant increases in delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures on loans that we service in respect of FHA,VA, and USDA related MSRs could result in an increase in servicing expenses as well as losses since the loans may not be fully insured or guaranteed under each of the VA, the FHA and the USDA government loan programs. 
 FHA Insurance - FHA loans are insured for the entire unpaid principal balance of the loan. However, if the FHA loan defaults or goes into foreclosure, the servicer is only compensated for two-thirds of its incurred foreclosure costs. In addition, the servicer is only reimbursed for any interest accrued and unpaid from a date 60 days after the borrower s first uncorrected failure to perform, and the interest is reimbursed at the HUD debenture interest rate that may be lower than the actual loan rate. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 VA and USDA Guarantees - VA and USDA loans are only partially guaranteed by the government and if such loan defaults or goes into foreclosure, the VA or USDA guarantees may not fully cover all principal, interest and other fees and advances we may have incurred on the outstanding VA or USDA loan, and we may suffer a loss. 
 We may also be subject to additional curtailments to servicing and advance reimbursements if we have not satisfied VA, USDA or FHA timing, service and other regulatory requirements during the foreclosure and conveyance process. We have MSR and MSL servicing agreements of 253.0 billion of UPB consisting of FHA, VA, and USDA mortgage loans that represent approximately 80 of our total outstanding UPB of MSRs as of December 31, 2022. Any significant increase in delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures on loans that increase our servicing advances, reduce property value or otherwise delay our ability to dispose of the properties underlying the loan could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our acquisition and ownership of mortgage servicing rights exposes us to significant risks. MSRs arise from contractual agreements between us and the investors (or their agents) in loans and MBS that we service on their behalf. We generally acquire MSRs in connection with our sale of loans to the Agencies where we assume the obligation to service such loans on their behalf. Any MSRs we acquire are initially recorded at fair value on our balance sheet. The determination of the fair value of MSRs requires our management to make numerous estimates and assumptions. Such estimates and assumptions include, without limitation, estimates of future cash flows associated with MSRs based upon assumptions involving interest rates as well as the prepayment rates, delinquencies and foreclosure rates of the underlying serviced loans. The ultimate realization of the MSRs may be materially different than the values of such MSRs as may be reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of any particular date. Different persons in possession of the same facts may reasonably arrive at different conclusions as to the inputs and assumptions used to determine MSR fair value. The use of different estimates or assumptions in connection with the valuation of these assets could produce materially different fair values for such assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Prepayment speeds significantly affect MSRs. Prepayment speed is the measurement of how quickly borrowers pay down the unpaid principal balance of their loans or how quickly loans are otherwise brought current, modified, liquidated or charged off. We base the price we pay for MSRs on, among other things, our projection of the cash flows from the related pool of loans. Our expectation of prepayment speeds is a significant input to our cash flow projections. If prepayment speed expectations increase significantly, the fair value of the MSRs could decline and we may be required to record a non-cash charge that would have a negative impact on our financial results. Furthermore, a significant increase in prepayment speeds could materially reduce the cash flows we receive from MSRs, and we could ultimately receive substantially less than what we paid for such assets. Delinquency rates have a significant impact on the valuation of MSRs. An increase in delinquencies generally results in lower revenue because typically we only collect servicing fees from Agencies or mortgage owners when we collect payments from the borrower. Our expectation of delinquencies is also a significant input underlying our cash flow projections. If delinquencies are significantly greater than we expect, the estimated fair value of the MSRs could be diminished. When the estimated fair value of MSRs is reduced, we could suffer a loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in interest rates are a key driver of the performance of MSRs. Historically, the fair value of MSRs has increased when interest rates increase and decrease when interest rates decrease due to the effect those changes in interest rates have on prepayment estimates. We may pursue various hedging strategies to seek to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in fair value resulting from changes in interest rates. Our hedging activity will vary in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates, the type of assets held and other changing market conditions. Interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us. To the extent we do not utilize derivative financial instruments to hedge against changes in fair value of MSRs or the derivatives we use in our hedging activities do not perform as expected, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders would be more susceptible to volatility due to changes in the fair value of, or cash flows from, MSRs as interest rates change. Furthermore, MSRs and the related servicing activities are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations and may be subject to various judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions on our business. For example, the CARES Act allows borrowers with federally-backed loans to request temporary payment forbearance in response to the increased borrower hardships resulting from the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our failure to comply, or the failure of the servicer to comply, with the laws, rules or regulations to which we or they are subject by virtue of ownership of MSRs, whether actual or alleged, could expose us to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. A disruption in the MBS market could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Most of the loans that we produce are pooled into MBS issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or guaranteed by Ginnie Mae. In addition, interest rates and the liquidity of the MBS market could be impacted by Federal Reserve increasing the federal funds rate, tapering future MBS purchases or selling MBS. Any significant disruption or period of illiquidity in the general MBS market would directly affect our own liquidity because no existing alternative secondary market would likely be willing and able to accommodate on a timely basis the volume of loans that we typically sell in any given period. Furthermore, we would remain contractually obligated to fund loans under our outstanding IRLCs without being able to sell our existing inventory of mortgage loans. Accordingly, if the MBS market experiences a period of illiquidity, we might be prevented from selling the loans that we produce into the secondary market in a timely manner or at favorable prices and we would be required to hold a larger inventory of loans than we have committed facilities to fund or we may be required to repay a portion of the debt secured by these assets, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to indemnify the purchasers of loans that we originate, acquire or assist in the fulfillment of, or repurchase those loans, if those loans fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics or under other circumstances and we may be unable to seek indemnity or require our counterparties to repurchase loans if they breach representations and warranties they make to us. Our contracts with purchasers of newly originated loans that we fund or acquire through our loan production business contain provisions that require us to indemnify the purchaser of the related loans or repurchase such loans under certain circumstances. Our loan sale agreements with purchasers, including the Agencies, contain provisions that generally require us to indemnify or repurchase these loans if our representations and warranties concerning loan quality and loan characteristics are inaccurate; or the loans fail to comply with the respective Agency s underwriting or regulatory requirements. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 When we purchase mortgage loans, our counterparty typically makes customary representations and warranties to us about such loans and we may be entitled to seek indemnity or demand repurchase or substitution of the loans in the event our counterparty breaches a representation or warranty given to us. However, there can be no assurance that our loan purchase agreements will contain appropriate representations and warranties, that we will be able to enforce our contractual right to demand repurchase or substitution, or that our counterparty will remain solvent or otherwise be willing and able to honor its obligations under our loan purchase agreements. Depending on the volume of repurchase and indemnification requests, some of these mortgage lenders may not be able to financially fulfill their obligation to indemnify us or repurchase the affected loans. If a material amount of recovery cannot be obtained from these mortgage lenders, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Repurchased loans typically can only be financed at a steep discount to their repurchase price, if at all. Although our indemnification and repurchase exposure cannot be quantified with certainty, to recognize these potential indemnification and repurchase losses, we have recorded a liability of 32.4 million as of December 31, 2022. Because of the increase in our loan production over time, we expect that indemnification and repurchase requests are also likely to increase. Should home values decrease and negatively impact the related loan values, our realized loan losses from indemnifications and repurchases may increase as well. As such, our indemnification and repurchase costs may increase well beyond our current expectations. In addition, our mortgage banking services agreement with PMT requires us to indemnify it with respect to loans for which we provide fulfillment services in certain instances. If we are required to indemnify PMT or other purchasers against losses, or repurchase loans from PMT or other purchasers, that result in losses that exceed the recorded liability, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about borrowers and counterparties and any misrepresented information could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In deciding whether to approve loans or to enter into other transactions across our businesses with counterparties, including borrowers, brokers and correspondent lenders, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of borrowers and such counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of borrowers and such counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. If any of this information is intentionally or negligently misrepresented and such misrepresentation is not detected prior to loan funding, the fair value of the loan may be significantly lower than expected. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the loan applicant, another party or one of our employees, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. Our controls and processes may not have detected or may not detect all misrepresented information in our loan originations or acquisitions. Any such misrepresented information could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our counterparties may terminate our MSRs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. As is standard in the industry, under the terms of our master servicing agreements with the Agencies in respect of Agency MSRs that we retain in connection with our loan production, the Agencies have the right to terminate us as servicer of the loans we service on their behalf at any time (and, in certain instances, without the payment of any termination fee) and also have the right to cause us to sell the MSRs to a third party. In addition, our failure to comply with applicable servicing guidelines could result in our termination under such master servicing agreements by the Agencies with little or no notice and without any compensation. The owners of other non-Agency loans that we service may also terminate certain of our MSRs if we fail to comply with applicable servicing guidelines. If the MSRs are terminated on a material portion of our servicing portfolio, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to successfully modify, resell or refinance EBO loans or defaults of the EBO loans beyond expected levels may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. As a mortgage servicer, we have an early buyout repurchase option for loans that are at least three months delinquent in our Ginnie Mae MSR portfolio. Purchasing delinquent Ginnie Mae loans provides us with an alternative to our mortgage servicing obligation of advancing principal and interest at the coupon rate of the related Ginnie Mae security. While our EBO program reduces the cost of servicing the Ginnie Mae loans, it may also accelerate loss recognition when the loans are repurchased because we are required to write off accumulated non-reimbursable interest advances and other costs at the time of repurchase. After purchasing delinquent Ginnie Mae loans, we expect to repool many of the delinquent loans into another Ginnie Mae guaranteed security upon the delinquent loans becoming current either through the borrower s reperformance or through the completion of a loan modification; however, there is no guarantee that any delinquent loan will reperform or be modified or resold. Failure to successfully modify, resell or refinance our repurchased Ginnie Mae loans or a significant portion of the repurchased Ginnie Mae loans defaulting beyond expectations may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of potential future acquisitions of MSRs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of potential future acquisitions of servicing portfolios will depend, in part, on our ability to appropriately service any such assets. The process of acquiring these assets may disrupt our business and may not result in the full benefits expected. The risks associated with these acquisitions include, among others, unanticipated issues in integrating information regarding the new loans to be serviced into our information technology systems, and the diversion of management s attention from other ongoing business concerns. Moreover, if we inappropriately value the assets that we acquire or the fair value of the assets that we acquire declines after we acquire them, the resulting charges may negatively affect both the carrying value of the assets on our balance sheet and our earnings. Furthermore, if we incur additional indebtedness to finance an acquisition, the acquired servicing portfolio may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to service that additional indebtedness. Unsuitable or unsuccessful acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We are subject to significant financial and reputational risks from potential liability arising from lawsuits, and regulatory and government action. We face significant legal risks in our business, and the volume of claims and amount of damages, penalties and fines claimed in litigation, and regulatory and government proceedings against us and other financial institutions remains high. For example, in 2019 Black Knight Servicing Technologies, LLC filed a legal claim against us for alleged breach of contract and misappropriation of trade secrets. Greater than expected investigation costs and litigation, including class action lawsuits associated with compliance related issues, substantial legal liability or significant regulatory or government action against us could have adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could adversely impact our business results and prospects. We may experience a significant volume of litigation and other disputes, including claims for contractual indemnification, with counterparties regarding relative rights and responsibilities. Consumers, clients and other counterparties may also become increasingly litigious. We also may be exposed to the risk of litigation by investors and entities that we manage from time to time if our management advice is alleged to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct, up to the entire amount of loss. Further, we may be subject to litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with PMT s financial performance or if we improperly exercised control or influence over PMT. In addition, we are exposed to risks of litigation or investigation relating to transactions which presented conflicts of interest that were not properly addressed. In such actions, we would be obligated to bear legal, settlement and other costs (which may be in excess of available insurance coverage). In addition, although we are generally indemnified by PMT, our rights to indemnification may be challenged. If we are required to incur all or a portion of the costs arising out of litigation or investigations as a result of inadequate insurance proceeds or failure to obtain indemnification, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on counterparties and vendors to provide services that are critical to our business, which subjects us to a variety of risks. We have a number of counterparties and vendors, who provide us with financial, technology and other services that are critical to support our businesses. If our current counterparties and vendors were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms or if we had a disruption in service due to a vendor dispute, we may be unable to procure alternative services from other counterparties or vendors in a timely and efficient manner and on similarly acceptable terms, or at all. Some of these counterparties and vendors have significant operations outside of the United States. If we or our vendors had to curtail or cease operations in these countries due to political unrest or natural disasters and then transfer some or all of these operations to another geographic area, we could experience disruptions in service and incur significant transition costs as well as higher future overhead costs. We may also outsource certain services to vendors located in foreign countries such as India and the Philippines with emerging technology, political and regulatory infrastructures that could result in future business disruptions or reputational damages. With respect to vendors engaged to perform certain servicing activities, we are required to assess their compliance with various regulations and establish procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor s activities comply in all material respects with such regulations. In the event that a vendor s activities are not in compliance, it could negatively impact our relationships with our regulators, as well as our business and operations. Further, we may incur significant costs to resolve any such disruptions in service which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our failure to appropriately address various issues that may give rise to reputational risk could cause harm to our business and adversely affect our earnings. Our business is subject to significant reputational risks. If we fail, or appear to fail, to address various issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects and earnings. Such issues include, but are not limited to, actual or perceived conflicts of interest, violations of legal or regulatory requirements, and any of the other risks discussed in this Item 1A. Similarly, market rumors and actual or perceived association with counterparties whose own reputations are under question could harm our business. Certain of our officers also serve as officers of PMT. As we expand the scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to investment activities that we manage for PMT. The SEC and certain regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest, and as we experience growth in our businesses, we continue to monitor and mitigate or otherwise address any conflicts between our interests and those of PMT through the implementation of procedures and controls. Reputational risk incurred in connection with conflicts of interest could negatively affect our business, strain our working relationships with regulators and government agencies, expose us to litigation and regulatory action, impact our ability to attract and retain clients, customers, trading counterparties, investors and employees and adversely affect our results of operations. Reputational damage can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending and debt collection practices, corporate governance, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can also result from social media and media coverage, whether accurate or not. Our reputation may also be negatively impacted by our environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosures, including climate change practices and disclosures. In addition, various private third party organizations have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. These third party ESG ratings may be used by some investors to assist with their investment and voting decisions. Any unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to reputational damage and negative sentiment among our investors and other stakeholders. These factors could impair our working relationships with government agencies and investors, expose us to litigation and regulatory action, negatively affect our ability to attract and retain customers, trading counterparties and employees, significantly harm our stock price and ability to raise capital, and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Accounting rules for certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our financial statements. Accounting rules for mortgage loan sales and securitizations, valuations of financial instruments and MSRs, investment consolidations, income taxes and other aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. These complexities could lead to a delay in preparation of financial information and the delivery of this information to our stockholders and also increase the risk of errors and restatements, as well as the cost of compliance. Our inability to timely prepare our financial statements in the future would likely be considered a breach of our financial covenants and adversely affect our share price significantly. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions as well as accounting rule misinterpretations could result in differences in our financial results or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The success and growth of our business depends upon our ability to adapt to and implement technological changes and to successfully develop, implement and protect proprietary technology. Our success in the mortgage industry is highly dependent upon our ability to adapt to constant technological changes, successfully enhance our current information technology solutions through the use of third-party and our proprietary technologies, and introduce new solutions and services that more efficiently address the needs of our customers. Our mortgage loan production businesses are dependent upon our ability to effectively interface with our borrowers, mortgage lenders and other third parties and to efficiently process loan applications and closings. The direct lending processes are becoming more dependent upon technological advancement, such as our continued ability to process applications over the Internet, accept electronic signatures, provide process status updates instantly and other borrower- or counterparty-expected conveniences. In our correspondent production activities, our and PMT s correspondent sellers also expect and require certain conveniences and service levels that are dependent on technological advancement. We have developed a workflow-driven, cloud-based loan acquisition platform and while we anticipate that the cloud-based system will increase scalability and produce other efficiencies, there can be no assurance that the cloud-based system will prove to be effective or that such correspondent sellers will easily adapt to the cloud-based system. Any failure to effectively or timely transition to our new system and meet our expectations and the expectations of our correspondent sellers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, our servicing business is dependent on our ability to effectively interface with our customers and investors, as well as service mortgage loans in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and the contractual requirements of such investors. For example, our proprietary workflow-driven, cloud-based servicing system provides for real-time processing and advanced workflow management thereby reducing servicing costs, increasing scalability and creating sustainable efficiencies. The development, implementation and protection of these technologies and becoming more proficient with them may also require significant capital and operating expenditures. As these technological advancements increase in the future, we will need to further develop and invest in these technological capabilities to remain competitive. Moreover, litigation has become required to protect our technologies and such litigation is expected to be time consuming and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. In addition, we also license and utilize third party proprietary technologies and loss of rights to significant third party proprietary technologies may result in decreased product functionality. The development, implementation and protection of our intellectual property and proprietary technologies requires significant human resources and capital expenditures. As these technological advancements and investor and compliance requirements increase in the future, we will need to further develop these technological capabilities to remain competitive, and we will need to implement, execute and maintain them in an operating and regulatory environment that exposes us to significant risk. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully adopt new technologies as critical systems and applications become obsolete and better ones become available. Any failure by us to develop, implement, integrate, execute or maintain our technological capabilities and any litigation costs associated with protection of our technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Climate change, adverse weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist attacks, and other long term physical and environmental changes and conditions could adversely impact properties that we own or that collateralize loans we own or service, as well as geographic areas where we conduct business. Climate change, adverse weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist attacks and other long term physical and environmental changes and conditions could adversely impact properties that we own or that collateralize loans we own or service, as well as geographic areas where we conduct business. In addition, such adverse conditions and long term physical and environmental changes could impact the demand for, and value of, our assets, as well as the cost to service or manage such assets, or directly impact the value of our assets through damage, destruction or loss, and thereafter materially impact the availability or cost of insurance to protect against these events. Upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure significant business interruptions, reputational harm, delays in servicing our customers and working with our partners, interruptions in the availability of our technology and systems, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. Catastrophic events may also be uninsurable or not economically insurable and might make the insurance proceeds insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. There is an increasing global concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change may include rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including floods, wildfires, hurricanes, earthquakes and tornados, and these events could impact our owned real estate and the properties collateralizing our loan assets or underlying our MSR assets and the local economies of certain areas in which we operate. Although we believe our owned real estate and the properties collateralizing our loan assets or underlying our MSR assets are appropriately covered by insurance, we cannot predict at this time if we or our borrowers will be able to obtain appropriate coverage at a reasonable cost in the future, or if we will be able to continue to pass along all of the costs of insurance. There also is a risk that one or more of our property insurers may not be able to fulfill their obligations with respect to payment claims due to a deterioration in its financial condition or may even cancel policies due to increasing costs of providing insurance coverage in certain geographic areas. Further, numerous treaties, laws and regulations have been enacted or proposed in an effort to regulate climate change, including regulations aimed at limiting greenhouse gas emissions and the implementation of green building codes. These laws and regulations may impact the rates at which we obtain property insurance and result in increased operating costs, or impose substantial costs on our borrowers or affect their ability to obtain appropriate coverage at reasonable costs. We may also incur costs associated with increased regulations or investor requirements for increased environmental and social disclosures and reporting. Additionally, climate change concerns could result in transition risk. Changes in consumer preferences and additional legislation and regulatory requirements, including those associated with a transition to a low-carbon economy, could increase expenses or otherwise adversely impact our operations and business. Regulatory Risks We operate in a highly regulated industry and the continually changing federal, state and local laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We are required to comply with a wide array of federal, state and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which we conduct our businesses. These regulations directly impact our business and require constant compliance, monitoring and internal and external audits and examinations by federal and state regulators. Our failure to operate effectively and in compliance with any of these laws, regulations and rules could subject us to lawsuits or governmental actions and damage our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, our failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules may result in increased costs of doing business, reduced payments by borrowers, modification of the original terms of mortgage loans, permanent forgiveness of debt, delays in the foreclosure process, increased 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 servicing advances, litigation, reputational damage, enforcement actions, and repurchase and indemnification obligations. Further, we may be required to pay substantial penalties imposed by our regulators due to compliance errors, or we may lose our licenses to originate and/or service loans. We must also comply with a number of federal, state and local consumer protection and state foreclosure laws. These statutes apply to loan origination, servicing, debt collection, marketing, use of credit reports, safeguarding of non-public, personally identifiable information about our clients, foreclosure and claims handling, investment of and interest payments on escrow balances and escrow payment features, and mandate certain disclosures and notices to customers. Because we are not a federally chartered depository institution, we generally do not benefit from federal pre-emption of state mortgage loan banking, loan servicing or debt collection licensing and regulatory requirements and must comply with multiple state licensing and compliance requirements. These state rules and regulations generally provide for, but are not limited to: originator, servicer and debt collector licensing requirements, requirements as to the form and content of contracts and other documentation, employee licensing and background check requirements, fee requirements, interest rate limits, and disclosure and record-keeping requirements. Regulatory agencies and consumer advocacy groups are becoming more aggressive in asserting fair lending, fair housing and other claims that the practices of lenders and loan servicers result in a disparate impact on protected classes. Antidiscrimination statutes, such as the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibit creditors from discriminating against loan applicants and borrowers based on certain characteristics, such as race, religion and national origin. Various federal regulatory agencies and departments take the position that these laws apply not only to intentional discrimination, but also to neutral practices that have a disparate impact on a group that shares a characteristic that a creditor may not consider in making credit decisions (i.e., creditor or servicing practices that have a disproportionately negative affect on a protected class of individuals). The failure of our correspondent sellers to comply with any applicable laws, regulations and rules may also result in these adverse consequences. We have in place a due diligence program designed to assess areas of risk with respect to loans we acquire from such correspondent sellers. However, we may not detect every violation of law and, to the extent any correspondent sellers, third party originators, servicers or brokers with which we do business fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations and any of their mortgage loans or MSRs become part of our assets, it could subject us, as an assignee or purchaser of the related mortgage loans or MSRs, to monetary penalties or other losses. While we may have contractual rights to seek indemnity or repurchase from certain of these lenders, third party originators, servicers or brokers, if any of them are unable to fulfill their indemnity or repurchase obligations to us to a material extent, our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our service providers and other vendors are also required to operate in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and rules. Our failure to adequately manage service providers and other vendors to mitigate risks of noncompliance with applicable laws may also have these negative results. Federal and state administrations could enact significant policy changes increasing regulatory scrutiny and enforcement actions in our industry. While it is not possible to predict when and whether significant policy or regulatory changes would occur, any such changes on the federal, state or local level could significantly impact, among other things, our operating expenses, the availability of mortgage financing, interest rates, consumer spending, the economy and the geopolitical landscape. To the extent that the current government administration takes action by proposing and/or passing regulatory policies that could have a negative impact on our industry, such actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Financial Stability Oversight Council FSOC and Conference of State Bank Supervisors CSBS have been reviewing whether state chartered nonbank mortgage servicers should be subject to safety and soundness standards similar to those imposed by federal law on insured depository institutions, even though nonbank mortgage servicers do not have any federally insured deposit accounts. For example, o n July 26, 2021, the CSBS released model state regulatory prudential standards for state oversight of nonbank mortgage servicers. The model CSBS prudential standards include revised minimum net worth, capital ratio and liquidity standards similar to current FHFA requirements and require servicers to maintain sufficient allowable assets to cover normal operating expenses in addition to the amounts required for servicing expenses. In addition, on August 17, 2022, the FHFA and Ginnie Mae announced 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 enhanced minimum net capital and liquidity eligibility requirements for sellers, servicers and issuers that will go into effect in 2023 and 2024 . To the extent any new minimum net worth, capital ratio and liquidity standards and requirements are overly burdensome, complying with such standards and requirements may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. New CFPB or state rules and regulations or more stringent enforcement of existing rules and regulations by these regulators could result in enforcement actions, fines, penalties and the inherent reputational risk that results from such actions. The CFPB has regulatory authority over certain aspects of our business as a result of our residential mortgage banking activities, including, without limitation, the authority to conduct investigations, bring enforcement actions, impose monetary penalties, require remediation of practices, pursue administrative proceedings or litigation, and obtain cease and desist orders for violations of applicable federal consumer financial laws. The current CFPB administration has stated its intention to aggressively supervise, investigate and, where it deems appropriate, bring enforcement actions against lenders and servicers the CFPB believes are engaged in activities that violate federal laws and regulations. In addition, examinations by state regulators and enforcement actions in the residential mortgage origination and servicing sectors by state attorneys general have increased and may continue to increase. Failure to comply with the CFPB and state laws, rules or regulations to which we are subject, whether actual or alleged, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to comply with the laws, rules or regulations to which we are subject, whether actual or alleged, would expose us to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We are highly dependent on U.S. government-sponsored entities and government agencies, and any organizational or pricing changes at such entities or their regulators could materially and adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to generate revenues through mortgage loan sales depends on programs administered by GSEs, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, government agencies, including Ginnie Mae, and others that facilitate the issuance of MBS in the secondary market. We originate mortgage loans directly with borrowers and brokers and assist PMT in acquiring loans from mortgage lenders through our correspondent production activities that qualify under existing standards for inclusion in MBS issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or guaranteed by Ginnie Mae. We, or PMT, also derive other material financial benefits from our Agency relationships, including the ability to avoid certain loan inventory finance costs through streamlined loan funding and sale procedures. A number of legislative proposals have been introduced in recent years that would wind down or phase out the GSEs in their current form, including a proposal by the prior federal administration to end the conservatorship and privatize Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It is not possible to predict the scope and nature of the actions that the U.S. government, including the current federal administration, will ultimately take with respect to the GSEs. Any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their regulators or the U.S. federal government, and any changes in leadership at these entities, could adversely affect our business and prospects. Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction in, the operation of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or any significant adverse change in their capital structure, financial condition, activity levels in the primary or secondary mortgage markets or in underwriting criteria could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to generate revenue from newly originated loans that we acquire or assist PMT in acquiring is highly dependent on the fact that the Agencies have not historically acquired such loans directly from mortgage lenders, but have instead relied on banks and non-bank aggregators such as us to acquire, aggregate and securitize or otherwise sell such loans to investors in the secondary market. Certain of the Agencies have approved new and smaller lenders that traditionally may not have qualified for such approvals. To the extent that these mortgage lenders choose to sell directly to the Agencies rather than through loan aggregators like us, the number of loans available for purchase by aggregators is reduced, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, under certain Agency capital rules, loans sourced from loan aggregators such as PMT that we assist have higher capital requirements and may incur higher Agency fees for third party originated loans that PMT aggregates and delivers to the Agencies as compared to individual loans delivered by third party mortgage lenders directly to the Agencies cash windows without the assistance of a loan aggregator. To the extent the Agencies increase the number of purchases and sales directly for their own accounts, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We are required to have various Agency approvals and state licenses in order to conduct our business and there is no assurance we will be able to obtain or maintain those Agency approvals or state licenses. Because we are not a federally chartered depository institutions we do not benefit from exemptions to state mortgage lending, loan servicing or debt collection licensing and regulatory requirements. We are licensed in all state jurisdictions, and for those activities, where we are required to be licensed and believe it is cost effective and appropriate to become licensed. Our failure to maintain any necessary licenses, comply with applicable licensing laws or satisfy the various requirements to maintain them over time could restrict our direct business activities, result in litigation or civil and other monetary penalties, or cause us to default under certain of our lending arrangements, any of which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We are also required to hold the Agency approvals in order to sell loans to the Agencies and service such loans on their behalf. Our failure to satisfy the various requirements necessary to maintain such Agency approvals over time would also restrict our business activities and could adversely impact our business. We are subject to periodic examinations by federal, state and Agency auditors and regulators, which can result in increases in our administrative costs, and we may be required to pay substantial penalties imposed by these regulators due to compliance errors, or we may lose our licenses. Negative publicity or fines and penalties incurred in one jurisdiction may cause investigations or other actions by regulators in other jurisdictions and could adversely impact our business. Our inability to meet certain net worth and liquidity requirements imposed by the Agencies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operation. We are subject to minimum financial eligibility requirements established by the Agencies. For example, o n August 2022, the FHFA and Ginnie Mae announced enhanced minimum net capital and liquidity eligibility requirements for sellers, servicers and issuers that will go into effect in 2023 and 2024 . These eligibility requirements align the minimum financial requirements for mortgage sellers/servicers and MBS issuers to do business with the Agencies. These minimum financial requirements include net worth, capital ratio and/or liquidity criteria in order to set a minimum level of capital needed to adequately absorb potential losses and a minimum amount of liquidity needed to service Agency loans and MBS and cover the associated financial obligations and risks. In order to meet these minimum financial requirements, we are required to maintain rather than spend or invest, cash and cash equivalents in amounts that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders, and this could significantly impede us, as a non-bank mortgage lender, from growing our respective businesses and place us at a competitive disadvantage in relation to federally chartered banks and certain other financial institutions. To the extent that such minimum financial requirements are not met, the Agencies may suspend or terminate Agency approval or certain agreements with us, which could cause us to cross default under financing arrangements and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 The failure of PennyMac Loan Services, LLC to avail itself of an appropriate exemption from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 could have a material and adverse effect on our business. We intend to operate so that we, and each of our subsidiaries, are not required to register as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment Company Act ). We believe that our subsidiary, PLS, qualifies for one or more exemptions provided in the Investment Company Act because of the historical and current composition of its assets and income; however, there can be no assurances that the composition of PLS assets and income will remain the same over time such that one or more exemptions will continue to be applicable. If PLS is required to register as an investment company, we would be required to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act that impose, among other things: limitations on capital structure; restrictions on specified investments; prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting and proxy disclosure; and, other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. Further, if PLS was or is required to register as an investment company, PLS would be in breach of various representations and warranties contained in its credit and other agreements resulting in a default as to certain of our contracts and obligations. This could also subject us to civil or criminal actions or regulatory proceedings, or result in a court appointed receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic, inclusive of any variants, has created unprecedented economic, financial and public health disruptions that may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. The extent to which COVID-19 continues to affect our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, including the scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The federal government enacted the CARES Act, which allows borrowers with federally-backed loans to request temporary payment forbearance in response to the increased borrower hardships resulting from the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of the CARES Act and other forbearance requirements, we may experience delinquencies in our servicing portfolio that require us to finance advances of principal and interest payments to the investors holding those loans, as well as advances of property taxes, insurance premiums and other expenses to protect investors interests in the properties securing the loans. The CARES Act and other forbearance requirements have reduced our servicing fee income and increased our servicing expenses due to the increased number of delinquent loans, significant levels of forbearance that we have granted and continue to grant, as well as the resolution of loans that we expect to ultimately default as the result of the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Future servicing advances will be driven by a number of factors, including: the number of borrower delinquencies, including those resulting from payment forbearance; the length of time borrowers remain delinquent; and the level of successful resolution of delinquent payments, all of which will be impacted by the pace at which the economy recovers from the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, 1.3 of loans in our predominantly government-insured or guaranteed MSR portfolio were in forbearance plans and delinquent, resulting in an increase in the level of servicing advances we have been required to make due to borrower delinquencies. Servicing advances resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could have a significant adverse impact on our cash flows and could also have a detrimental effect on our business and financial condition. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 The CARES Act and other forbearance requirements have negatively impacted the fair value of our servicing assets and further market volatility or economic weakness may result in additional reductions in the value of our servicing assets and make it increasingly difficult to optimize our hedging activities. Our liquidity and/or regulatory capital could also be adversely impacted by volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of the covenants in our repurchase agreements or other financing arrangements as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we would be in default under these agreements, which could result in a cross-default or cross-acceleration under other financing arrangements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable (or such amounts may automatically become due and payable), terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral and enforce their respective interests against existing collateral. We may have difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may adversely affect our access to capital necessary to fund our operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis. This includes renewals of our existing credit facilities with our lenders who may be adversely impacted by the volatility and dislocations in the financial markets and may not be willing or able to continue to extend us credit on the same terms, or on favorable terms, or at all. Our business could be disrupted if we are unable to operate due to changing governmental restrictions such as travel bans and quarantines placed or reinstituted on our employees or operations, including, successfully operating our business from remote locations, ensuring the protection of our employees health and maintaining our information technology infrastructure. Further, increased operational expenses to address these restrictions and widespread employee illnesses could negatively affect staffing within our various businesses and geographies. Federal, state, and local executive, legislative and regulatory responses to the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may be inconsistent and conflict in scope or application, and may be subject to change without advance notice. These regulatory responses may impose additional compliance obligations, and may extend existing CARES Act and other forbearance requirements. In addition, the CARES Act and other federal, state and local regulations are subject to interpretation given the existing ambiguities in the rules and regulations, which may result in future class action and other litigation risk. The outcome of the COVID-19 related governmental measures are unknown and they may not be sufficient to address future market dislocations or avert severe and prolonged reductions in economic activity. We may also face increased risks of disputes with our business partners, litigation and governmental and regulatory scrutiny as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The final scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the efficacy of the extraordinary government measures put in place to address it are currently unknown. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the economy may not fully recover for some time and we may be materially and adversely affected by a prolonged recession or economic downturn. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Related Party Risks We rely on PMT as a significant source of financing for, and revenue related to, our mortgage banking business, and the termination of, or material adverse change in, the terms of this relationship, or a material adverse change to PMT or its operations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. PMT is the counterparty that currently acquires newly originated mortgage loans in connection with our correspondent production activities. A portion of our income is derived from a fulfillment fee earned in connection with PMT s acquisition of conventional loans. We are able to conduct our correspondent production activities without having to incur the significant additional debt financing that would be required for us to purchase those loans from the originating lender. We also purchase all government-insured and some conventional loans from PMT at PMT s cost plus a sourcing fee and fulfill these loans for our own account. We earn interest income and gains or losses during the holding period and upon the sale of these securities, and we retain the MSRs with respect to the loans. If this relationship with PMT is terminated by PMT or PMT reduces the volume of these loans that it acquires for any reason, we would have to acquire these loans from the correspondent sellers for our own account, something that we may be unable to do, or enter into another similar counterparty arrangement with a third party, which we may not be able to enter into on terms that are as favorable to us, or at all. The management agreement, the mortgage banking services agreement and certain of the other agreements that we have entered into with PMT contain cross-termination provisions that allow PMT to terminate one or more of those agreements under certain circumstances where another one of such agreements is terminated. Accordingly, the termination of this relationship with PMT, or a material change in the terms thereof that is adverse to us, would likely have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The terms of these agreements extend until June 30, 2025, subject to automatic renewal for additional 18-month periods, but any of the agreements may be terminated earlier under certain circumstances or otherwise non-renewed. If any agreement is terminated or non-renewed and not replaced by a new agreement, it would materially and adversely affect our ability to continue to execute our business plan. We expect that PMT will continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, it is possible that PMT may not meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT. If PMT were to lose its REIT status, corporate-level income taxes, would apply to all of PMT s taxable income at federal and state tax rates. Either of these scenarios would potentially impair PMT s financial position and its ability to raise capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. A significant portion of our loan servicing operations are conducted pursuant to subservicing contracts with PMT, and any termination by PMT of these contracts, or a material change in the terms thereof that is adverse to us, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. PMT, as the owner of a substantial number of MSRs or mortgage loans that we subservice, may, under certain circumstances, terminate our subservicing contract with or without cause, in some instances with little notice and little to no compensation. Upon any such termination, it would be difficult to replace such a large volume of subservicing in a short period of time, or perhaps at all. Accordingly, we may not generate as much revenue from subservicing for other third parties. If we were to have our subservicing terminated by PMT, or if there was a change in the terms under which we perform subservicing for PMT that was material and adverse to us, this would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. PMT has an exclusive right to acquire conventional conforming loans that are produced through our correspondent production activities, which may limit the revenues that we could otherwise earn in respect of those loans. Our mortgage banking services agreement with PMT requires PLS to provide fulfillment services for correspondent production activities exclusively to PMT as long as PMT has the legal and financial capacity to purchase correspondent loans. As a result, the revenue that we earn with respect to these loans will be limited to the fulfillment fees that we earn in connection with the production of these loans, which may be less than the revenues that we might otherwise be able to realize by acquiring these loans ourselves and selling them in the secondary loan market. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Management Segment Market conditions could reduce the fair value of the assets that we manage, which would reduce our management and incentive fees. A portion of the fees that we earn under our investment management agreement is based on the fair value of the assets that we manage. The fair values of the securities and other assets held in the portfolios that we manage and, therefore, our assets under management may decline due to any number of factors beyond our control, including, among others, a decline in housing demand or value, the long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, changes to interest rates, stock or bond market movements or volatility, a general economic downturn, inflation, political uncertainty, acts of terrorism, military conflict or acts of war, cyber-attacks or infrastructure outages. The economic outlook cannot be predicted with certainty and we continue to operate in a challenging business environment. If volatile market conditions cause a decline in the fair value of our assets under management, that decline in fair value could materially reduce our management fees and incentive fees under our management agreement with PMT and adversely affect our revenues. If our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our net income will be reduced. We currently manage assets for a single client, the loss of which would significantly reduce our management and incentive fees and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our management and incentive fees result from our management of PMT. The term of the management agreement that we have entered into with PMT, as amended, expires on June 30, 2025, subject to automatic renewal for additional 18-month periods, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the agreement. In the event of a termination of one or more related party agreements by PMT in certain circumstances, we may be entitled to a termination fee under our management agreement. However, the termination of such management agreement and the loss of PMT as a client would significantly affect our investment management segment and negatively impact our management fees and incentive fees. The historical returns on the assets that we select and manage for PMT, and our resulting management and incentive fees, may not be indicative of future results. The historical returns of the assets that we manage should not be considered indicative of the future returns on those assets or future returns on other assets that we may select for investment by PMT. The investment performance that is achieved for the assets that we manage varies over time, and the nature and mix of assets we manage has changed significantly over the past several years. As a result, the change and variance in investment performance can be significant. For example, although we earned performance incentive fees in prior years, in fiscal year 2022, we did not earn any performance incentive fees due to losses incurred by PMT during the associated performance measurement periods . Accordingly, the management and incentive fees that we have earned in the past based on those returns should not be considered indicative of the management or incentive fees that we may earn in the future from managing those same assets or from managing other assets for PMT. Changes in regulations applicable to our investment management segment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The legislative and regulatory environment in which we operate is constantly evolving. New laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, applicable to us and PMT, may adversely affect our business. Our ability to succeed in this environment will depend on our ability to monitor and comply with regulatory changes. Regulatory changes that will affect other market participants are likely to change the way in which we conduct business with our counterparties. The uncertainty regarding the continued implementation of laws and regulations and their impact on the investment management industry and us cannot be predicted with certainty at this time but will continue to be a risk for our business. We may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC, other U.S. or non-U.S. governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. We also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations, as well as by U.S. and non-U.S. courts. It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be imposed on us or the markets in which we trade, or whether any of the proposals will become law. Compliance with any new laws or regulations could add to our compliance burden and costs and adversely affect the manner in which we conduct business, as well as our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our failure to comply with the extensive amount of regulation applicable to our investment management segment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our investment management segment is subject to extensive regulation in the United States. These regulations are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in any entity that we advise and are not designed to protect our stockholders. Consequently, these regulations may limit our activities. These requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on cross trades and principal transactions between an adviser and an advisory clients and general anti-fraud prohibitions. We are required to maintain an effective compliance program, and are subject to inspection and examinations by the SEC and state regulators. The failure by us or our service providers to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or our failure to design and successfully implement and administer our compliance program, could result in fines, suspensions of individual employees, limitations on engaging in other businesses and other sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a fine or sanction or the fine or sanction imposed against us or our employees by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to an investigation, proceeding or imposition of these fines or sanctions could harm our reputation. We may encounter conflicts of interest in trying to appropriately allocate our time and services between activities for our own account and for PMT, or in trying to appropriately allocate investment opportunities among ourselves and for PMT. Pursuant to our management agreement with PMT, we are obligated to provide PMT with the services of our senior management team, and the members of that team are required to devote such time as is necessary and appropriate, commensurate with the level of activity of PMT. The members of our senior management team may have conflicts in allocating their time and services between our operations and the activities of PMT and any other entities or accounts that we may manage in the future. In addition, we and the other entities or accounts that we may manage may participate in some of PMT s investment strategies now or in the future, which may not be the result of arm s length negotiations and may involve or later result in potential conflicts between our interests and those of PMT or such other entities. Any such perceived or actual conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure HC Partners may be able to significantly influence the outcome of votes of our common stock, or exercise certain other rights pursuant to a stockholder agreement we have entered into with it, and its interests may differ from those of our other public stockholders. HC Partners, our largest stockholder, has the right under a stockholder agreement to nominate up to two individuals for election to our board of directors depending on the percentage of the voting power of our outstanding shares common stock that it holds, and we are obligated to use our best efforts to cause the election of those director nominees. In addition, the HC Partners stockholder agreement requires that we obtain their consent with respect to amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. As a result, HC Partners may be able to significantly influence our management and affairs. In addition, as a result of the size of its individual equity holding it may be able to 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 significantly influence the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval, including mergers and other material transactions, and may be able to cause or prevent a change in the composition of our board of directors or a change in control of our Company that could deprive our other public stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level and no assurance can be given that we will be able to make dividends to our stockholders in the future at current levels or at all. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders may be materially and adversely affected by the risk factors discussed in our SEC periodic reports. Although we paid, and anticipate continuing to pay, quarterly dividends to our stockholders, our board of directors has the sole discretion to determine the timing, form and amount of any future dividends to our stockholders, and such determination will depend upon, among other factors, our historical and projected results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, capital requirements and other expense obligations, debt covenants, contractual legal, tax, regulatory and other restrictions and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be able to continue to pay dividends to our stockholders in the future or that the level of any future dividends will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that other stockholders might consider favorable. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval; prohibit stockholder action by written consent unless the matter as to which action is being taken has been approved by our board of directors; provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our bylaws (provided that, if that action adversely affects HC Partners when that entity, together with its affiliates, holds at least 5 of the voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock, our stockholder agreements provide that such action must be approved by that entity); establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and prevent a sale of substantially all of our assets or completion of a merger or other business combination that constitutes a change of control without the approval of a majority of our independent directors. These and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of and take other corporate actions. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Our bylaws include an exclusive forum provision that could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our bylaws provide that the state or federal court located within the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other associates, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Ownership of Our Common Stock The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders. The market price and trading volume of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and may be highly volatile in the future and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. Further, if the market price of our common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above your purchase price, if at all. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price or trading volume of our common stock include: variations in our actual and anticipated financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; changes in the manner that investors and securities analysts who provide research to the marketplace on us analyze the value of our common stock and similar companies; changes in recommendations or in estimated financial results published by securities analysts who provide research to the marketplace on us, our competitors or our industry; litigation and governmental investigations; increases in market interest rates that may lead purchasers of our shares to demand a higher yield; announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; and general market, political and economic conditions, including any such conditions and local conditions in the markets in which our customers are located. These broad market and industry factors may decrease the market price and trading volume of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The market price of our common stock could be negatively affected by sales of substantial amounts of our common stock into the public trading market. We were founded in 2008 by members of our executive leadership team and strategic investors, including HC Partners, our largest stockholder. Sales of substantial numbers of shares of our common stock into the public trading market by HC Partners, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional common stock or other equity securities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 The future issuance of additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise will dilute all other stockholdings. As of December 31, 2022, we have an aggregate of 4.6 million shares of common stock authorized and remaining available for future issuance under our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. We may issue all of these shares of common stock without any action or approval by our stockholders, subject to certain exceptions. Any common stock issued in connection with our equity incentive plans or future acquisitions would dilute the percentage ownership held by investors who purchase our common stock. Future offerings of debt or equity securities by us may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our common stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes, convertible debt securities or shares of preferred stock. The issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock or both. Upon liquidation, holders of such debt securities and preferred stock, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. Any issuance of securities in future offerings may reduce the market price of our common stock and dilute existing stockholders interests in us. General Risks Our risk management efforts may not be effective. We could incur substantial losses and our business operations could be disrupted if we are unable to effectively identify, manage, monitor, and mitigate financial risks, such as credit risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk, liquidity risk, climate risk and other market-related risks, as well as operational and legal risks related to our business, assets, and liabilities. We also are subject to various laws, regulations and rules that are not industry specific, including employment laws related to employee hiring and termination practices, health and safety laws, environmental laws and other federal, state and local laws, regulations and rules in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our risk management policies, procedures, and techniques may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, mitigate the risks we have identified, or identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Our risk management framework is designed to identify, monitor and mitigate risks that could have a negative impact on our financial condition or reputation. This framework includes divisions or groups dedicated to enterprise risk management, credit risk, climate risk, corporate sustainability and ESG, information security, disaster recovery and other information technology-related risks, business continuity, legal and compliance, compensation structures and other human resources matters, vendor management and internal audit, among others. Expansion of our business activities may also result in our being exposed to risks to which we have not previously been exposed or may increase our exposure to certain types of risks, and we may not effectively identify, manage, monitor, and mitigate these risks as our business activities change or increase. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Initiating new business activities, developing new products or significantly expanding existing business activities may expose us to new risks and increase our cost of doing business. Initiating new business activities, developing new products, or significantly expanding existing business activities, such as our consumer direct and wholesale broker lending businesses, may expose us to new risks and regulatory compliance requirements. We cannot be certain that we will be able to manage these risks and compliance requirements effectively. Furthermore, our efforts may not succeed, and any revenues we earn from any new or expanded business initiative may not be sufficient to offset the initial and ongoing costs of that initiative, which would result in a loss with respect to that initiative. We could be harmed by misconduct or fraud that is difficult to detect. We are exposed to risks relating to misconduct by our employees, contractors we use, or other third parties with whom we have relationships. For example, our employees could execute unauthorized transactions, use our assets improperly or without authorization, perform improper activities, use confidential information for improper purposes, or misrecord or otherwise try to hide improper activities from us. This type of misconduct could also relate to assets we manage for others through our investment advisory subsidiary, and can be difficult to detect. If not prevented or detected, misconduct by employees, contractors, or others could result in losses, claims or enforcement actions against us, or could seriously harm our reputation. Our controls may not be effective in detecting this type of activity. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial results, which could harm our business and the market value of our common stock. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes- Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate control over our financial reporting and financial processes. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires our auditors to formally attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we cannot maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, or our independent registered public accounting firm cannot provide an unqualified attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investor confidence and, in turn, the market price of our common stock could decline. If we or our independent auditors discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could result in an event of default under one or more of our lending arrangements and/or reduce the market value of shares of our common stock. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency could require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency, and management may not be able to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency in a timely manner, or at all. Accordingly, our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in misstatements of our financial results or restatements of our financial statements or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Cybersecurity risks, cyber incidents and technology failures may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of theft of certain personally identifiable information of consumers, misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our investor relationships. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 As our reliance on rapidly changing technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both proprietary and those provided to us by third-party service providers including cloud-based computing service providers. System disruptions and failures caused by fire, power loss, telecommunications outages, unauthorized intrusion, malware, natural disasters and other similar events may interrupt or delay our ability to provide services to our customers. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased, which, in turn, may lead to increased costs to protect our network and systems. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and our investment in significant physical and technological security measures, employee training, contractual precautions, policies and procedures, board oversight and business continuity plans, there can be no assurance that any such cyber intrusions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. We also may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the methods of attack change frequently or may not be recognized until after such attack has been launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third parties such as persons involved with organized crime or associated with external service providers. Additionally, third-party security events at our vendors or other service providers could also impact our data and operations via unauthorized access to information or disruption of services. Our data security management program includes identity, trust, vulnerability and threat management business processes as well as the adoption of standard data protection policies. We are also held accountable for the actions and inactions of our third-party vendors regarding cybersecurity and other consumer-related matters. Any of the foregoing events could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, additional regulatory scrutiny, significant litigation exposure and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive market and decreased margins resulting from increased competition or our inability to compete successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of economic, legislative, regulatory and technological changes. With respect to mortgage loan production, we face competition in such areas as mortgage loan offerings, rates, fees and customer service. With respect to servicing, we face competition in areas such as fees, cost to service and service levels, including our performance in reducing delinquencies and entering into successful modifications. Large commercial banks and savings institutions and other non-bank mortgage originators and servicers are increasingly competitive in the origination or acquisition of newly originated mortgage loans and the servicing of mortgage loans. Many of these institutions have significantly greater resources and access to capital and financing arrangements than we do, which may give them the benefit of a lower cost of funds. Additionally, our existing and potential competitors may decide to modify their business models to compete more directly with our loan production and servicing models. As new competitors enter these markets and as commercial banks aggressively compete for market share, our mortgage banking businesses may generate lower volumes and/or margins. If our loan production volumes and profit margins significantly decrease, then our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Our future success depends on our ability to continue to hire, integrate, develop and retain highly qualified personnel. Any talent acquisition and retention challenges could reduce our operating efficiency, increase our costs of operations and harm our overall financial condition. We could face these additional challenges if competition for qualified personnel intensifies or the pool of qualified candidates becomes more limited. Additionally, we invest heavily in training our personnel, which increases their value to competitors who may seek to recruit them. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to take advantage of future business opportunities and this could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services as quickly as competitors or be successful in marketing these products and services to our clients. In addition, technological advances and heightened e-commerce activities have increased consumers access to products and services. This has intensified competition among banks and non-banks in offering and servicing mortgage loans. To the extent we are unable to keep pace with technological advances, we may be unable to compete successfully in our mortgage banking businesses and this could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 20 leased facilities in various locations throughout the United States. Our principal executive offices are located at 3043 3059 Townsgate Road, Westlake Village, California 91361 and total approximately 66,000 of leased square feet. Our business segment operations and support offices are primarily in the following locations in the United States: Our servicing segment is primarily located in California, Texas and Nevada. Our production segment is primarily located in California, Texas, Florida, Arizona, Missouri and North Carolina. In addition, we maintain loan production centers in California, Tennessee, Minnesota and Hawaii. Our investment management segment, as well as our information technology division, is primarily located in California. 
 We believe that our current facilities are sufficient for the operation of our business. We periodically review our space requirements and we look to consolidate and dispose of facilities we no longer need, as and when appropriate. The financial commitments of our leases are disclosed in Note 10 Leases to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may be involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, lawsuits and other claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The amount, if any, of ultimate liability with respect to such matters cannot be determined, but despite the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we currently believe that the ultimate disposition of any such proceedings and exposure will not have, individually or taken together, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. See Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies , to the financial statements contained in this Report for a discussion of legal proceedings that are incorporated by reference into this Item 3. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our shares of common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: PFSI). As of February 17, 2023, our shares of common stock were held by 26 holders of record. Our dividend level is reviewed each quarter and determined based on a number of factors, including, among other things, our earnings, our financial condition, growth outlook, the capital required to support ongoing growth opportunities and compliance with other internal and external requirements. Payments of dividends are subject to approval by our board of directors. Our ability to pay dividends may be adversely affected for the reasons described in Item 1A of this Report in the section entitled Risk Factors . Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Repurchase of our Common Stock The following table summarized the stock repurchase activity for the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or program (1) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or program (1) October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 1,002,354 46.46 1,002,354 288,048,024 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 71,400 52.51 71,400 284,298,967 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 18,187 55.33 18,187 283,292,664 Total 1,091,941 47.01 1,091,941 283,292,664 

 (1) In August 2021, our board of directors approved an increase to our common stock repurchase program from 1 billion to 2 billion. The stock repurchase program does not require us to purchase a specific number of shares, and the timing and amount of any shares repurchased are based on market conditions and other factors, including price, regulatory requirements and capital availability. Stock repurchases may be effected through negotiated transactions or open market purchases, including pursuant to a trading plan implemented pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date but may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Item 6. Reserved 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. In particular, we encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Report. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this report or implied by past results and trends. Critical Accounting Policies Preparation of financial statements in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Certain of these estimates significantly influence the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Our critical accounting policies primarily relate to our fair value estimates. Fair Value We group assets measured at or based on fair value in three levels based on the markets in which the assets are traded and the observability of the inputs used to determine fair value. These levels are: 

December 31, 2022 Percentage of Level/Description Carrying value of assets Total assets Total stockholders equity (in thousands) 1: Prices determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 45,146 0 1 2: Prices determined using other significant observable inputs. Observable inputs are inputs that other market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. 3,193,780 19 92 3: Prices determined using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs reflect our judgements about the factors that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability, and are based on the best information available in the circumstances. 6,347,618 38 183 Total assets measured at or based on fair value (1) 9,586,544 57 276 Total assets 16,822,584 Total stockholders equity 3,471,049 

 (1) Includes assets measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis based on the accounting principles applicable to the specific asset and whether we have elected to carry the asset at its fair value. At December 31, 2022, 9.6 billion or 57 of our total assets were carried at fair value on a recurring basis and 11.5 million (real estate acquired in settlement of loans REO )), were carried based on fair value on a non-recurring basis when fair value indicates evidence of impairment of individual properties. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in fair value of our holdings of assets carried at fair value have significant effects on our financial position and results of operations. As summarized above, changes in fair values of Level 1 and Level 2 fair value assets are determinable with reference to direct quotes in active markets on the measurement date in the case of Level 1 fair value assets, or reference to publicly available pricing inputs (such as reference interest rates and credit spreads and prices of similar assets) in the case of Level 2 fair value assets. 6.3 billion or 38 of our total assets are measured using Level 3 fair value inputs significant inputs where there is difficulty observing the inputs used by market participants to establish fair value. Different approaches to valuing those assets or changes in inputs to measurement of these assets can have a significant effect on the amounts reported for these items including their reported balances and their effects on our income. During the three years ended December 31, 2022, we recognized significant changes in the fair value of our holdings of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities as shown below: 

Interest Loans held Mortgage Excess Mortgage Year ended rate lock for sale at servicing servicing servicing Pre-tax December 31, commitments fair value rights (1) spread financing liabilities (1) Total Income (positive (negative) effects on net revenues in thousands) 2022 (624,905) (66,639) 877,324 347 186,127 665,247 2021 489,547 285,501 (136,350) (1,037) 68,020 705,681 1,359,183 2020 1,254,235 127,780 (1,078,084) 24,970 (31,757) 297,144 2,240,609 

 (1) Excludes changes in fair value attributable to realization of cash flows. The changes above primarily reflect changes attributable to our observations of changes in the markets for those assets and liabilities as opposed to changes in accounting policies or approaches to the valuation of those instruments. As a result of the difficulty in observing certain significant valuation inputs affecting our Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities, we are required to make judgments regarding these items fair values. Different persons in possession of the same facts may reasonably arrive at different conclusions as to the inputs to be applied in valuing these assets and liabilities and their fair values. Such differences may result in significantly different fair value measurements. Likewise, due to the general illiquidity of some of these assets, subsequent transactions may be at values significantly different from those reported. Because the fair value of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities are difficult to estimate, our valuation process includes performance of these items fair value estimation by specialized staff with significant senior management oversight. We have assigned the responsibility for estimating the fair values of non-interest rate lock commitment Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities to our Financial Analysis and Valuation group (the FAV group ), which is responsible for valuing and monitoring these items and maintenance of our valuation policies and procedures for non-interest rate lock commitment IRLC assets and liabilities. The FAV group submits the results of its valuations to our senior management valuation committee, which oversees the valuations. Our senior management valuation committee includes the Company s chief financial, risk, credit and deputy chief investment officers as well as other senior members of the Company s finance, capital markets and risk management staff. The fair value of our IRLC is developed by our Capital Markets Risk Management staff and is reviewed by our Capital Markets Operations group. Following is a discussion of our approach to measuring the balance sheet items that are most affected by Level 3 fair value estimates. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Rate Lock Commitments Our net gains on loans held for sale include our estimates of the gains or losses we expect to realize upon the sale of loans we have contractually committed to fund or purchase but have not yet funded, purchased or sold. We recognize a substantial portion of our net gains on loans held for sale at fair value before we fund or purchase the loans as the result of these commitments. We call these commitments IRLCs. We recognize the fair value of IRLCs at the time we make the commitment to the correspondent seller, broker or loan applicant and adjust the fair value of such IRLCs as the loan approaches the point of funding or purchase or the prospective transaction is canceled. We carry IRLCs as either Derivative assets or Derivative liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of an IRLC is transferred to Loans held for sale at fair value when the loan is funded or purchased. An active, observable market for IRLCs does not exist. Therefore, we measure the fair value of IRLCs using methods we believe that market participants use in pricing IRLCs. We estimate the fair value of IRLCs based on observable Agency MBS prices, our estimates of the fair value of the MSRs we expect to receive in the sale of the loans and the probability that we will fund or purchase the loans (the pull-through rate ). Pull-through rates and MSR fair values are based on our estimates as these inputs are difficult to observe in the marketplace. Our estimate of the probability that a loan will be funded and market interest rates are updated as the loans move through the funding or purchase process and as market interest rates change and may result in significant changes in our estimates of the fair value of the IRLCs. Such changes are reflected in the change in fair value of IRLCs which is a component of our Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value in the period of the change. The financial effects of changes in these inputs are generally inversely correlated. Increasing interest rates have a positive effect on the fair value of the MSR component of IRLC fair value but increase the pull-through rate for the loan principal and interest payment cash flow component, which decreases in fair value. A shift in our assessment of an input to the valuation of IRLCs can have a significant effect on the amount of Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value for the period. We believe that the most significant Level 3 fair value input to the measurement of IRLCs is the pull-through rate. At December 31, 2022, we held 25.8 million of net IRLC assets at fair value. Following is a quantitative summary of the effect of changes in the pull-through rate input on the fair value of IRLCs at December 31, 2022: 

Change in input (1) Effect on fair value of IRLC of a change in pull-through rate (in thousands) (20) (8,207) (10) (4,095) (5) (2,039) 5 2,124 10 4,161 20 7,420 

 (1) The upward shift in input amount on a per-loan basis is limited to the amount of shift required to reach a 100 pull-through rate. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 The preceding analysis holds constant all of the other inputs to show an estimate of the effect on fair value of a change in the pull-through rate. We expect that in a market shock event, multiple inputs would be affected and the effects of these changes may compound or counteract each other. Therefore the preceding analysis is not a projection of the effects of a shock event or a change in our estimate of an input and should not be relied upon as an earnings projection. Loans Held for Sale We carry loans at their fair values. We recognize changes in the fair value of loans in current period income as a component of Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value . How we estimate the fair value of loans is based on whether the loans are saleable into active markets with observable fair value inputs. We categorize loans that are saleable into active markets as Level 2 fair value assets. We estimate the fair value of such loans using their quoted market price or market price equivalent. At December 31, 2022, we held 3.2 billion of such loans. We categorize loans that are not saleable into active markets as Level 3 fair value assets. Level 3 fair value loans arise primarily from the following sources: - We may purchase certain delinquent government guaranteed or insured loans from Ginnie Mae guaranteed securitizations included in our loan servicing portfolio. Our right to purchase such loans arises as the result of the loan being at least three months delinquent when we buy the loan. Our ability to purchase delinquent loans provides us with an alternative to our obligation to continue advancing principal and interest at the coupon rate of the related Ginnie Mae security. Such repurchased loans are referred to as early buyout EBO loans and may be resold to investors and thereafter may be repurchased to the extent eligible for resale into a new Ginnie Mae guaranteed security. Such eligibility occurs when the repurchased loans either become current through completion of a modification of a loan s terms or otherwise after three months of timely payments and when the issuance date of the new security is at least 120 days after the date the loan was last delinquent. At December 31, 2022, we held 257.2 million of such loans. - Certain of our loans may become non-saleable into active markets due to our identification of one or more defects. At December 31 2022, we held 42.0 million of such loans. - There is no active market with observable inputs that are significant to the estimation of the fair value of home equity loans we produce. At December 31, 2022, we held 46.6 million of such loans. We use a discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair value of Level 3 fair value loans. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our Level 3 fair value loans held for sale are discount rates, home price projections and prepayment speeds. Significant changes in any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significant change to the loans fair value measurement. Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Liabilities MSRs and MSLs represent the fair value assigned to contracts that obligate us to service the mortgage loans on behalf of the owners of the mortgage loans in exchange for servicing fees and the right to collect certain ancillary income from the borrower. We recognize MSRs and MSLs at our estimate of the fair value of the contract to service the loans. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 We include changes in fair value of MSRs and MSLs in current period income as a component of Net loan servicing fees Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities. Both our estimate of the change in fair value attributable to realization of cash flows and of other changes in fair value are affected by changes in fair value inputs. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a 354.2 million net increase in fair value of MSRs and MSLs: 877.7 million of the increase due to changes in fair value inputs, partially offset by 523.5 million of reduction due to realization of cash flows underlying the fair value of MSRs. We estimate fair value of MSRs and MSLs using a discounted cash flow approach. We believe the most significant Level 3 fair value inputs to the valuation of MSRs and MSLs are the pricing spread (used to develop periodic discount rates), prepayment speed and annual per-loan cost of servicing. A shift in the market for MSRs and MSLs or a change in our assessment of an input to the valuation of MSRs and MSLs can have a significant effect on their fair value and in our income for the period. The net fair value of MSRs and MSLs that we held at December 31, 2022 was 6.0 billion. Following is a summary of the effect on fair value of MSRs of various changes to these key inputs at December 31, 2022: 

Effect on fair value of MSRs and MSLs of a change in input value Change in input Pricing spread Prepayment speed Servicing cost (in thousands) (20) 347,610 337,167 165,053 (10) 168,917 162,725 82,527 (5) 83,283 79,976 41,263 5 (81,021) (77,346) (41,263) 10 (159,863) (152,192) (82,527) 20 (311,329) (294,872) (165,053) The preceding analyses hold constant all of the inputs other than the input that is being changed to show an estimate of the effect on fair value of a change in a specific input. We expect that in a market shock event, multiple inputs would be affected and the effects of these changes may compound or counteract each other. Therefore the preceding analyses are not projections of the effects of a shock event or a change in our estimate of an input and should not be relied upon as earnings projections. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Business Trends Due to significant inflationary pressures, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rates throughout the year in 2022, as well as reduced its overall holdings of Treasury and mortgage-backed securities. Higher interest rates are expected to contribute to reducing the size of the mortgage origination market from an estimated 2.2 trillion in 2022 to a projected range from 1.6 trillion to 1.9 trillion for 2023 according to leading economists. Lower projected mortgage transaction volumes and increasing interest rates caused a decrease in all mortgage production activities, reduced gains from the redelivery of EBO loans bought from Ginnie Mae securities and increased competition in the mortgage production business, while also leading to a reduction in prepayment speeds in our mortgage servicing portfolio from the elevated levels experienced in 2021. Rising interest rates increased the costs of certain floating rate borrowings, as well as driving higher earnings rates from our placement fees on deposits and loans held for sale. We expect some of these business trends to continue in 2023. Due to the significant contraction in the mortgage market, we reduced business expenses to align with the lower mortgage production activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and expected mortgage production activity levels in 2023. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Our results of operations are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts) Revenues: Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value 791,633 2,464,401 2,740,785 Loan origination fees 169,859 384,154 285,551 Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 67,991 178,927 222,200 Net loan servicing fees 951,329 182,954 439,448 Net interest expense (41,365) (90,530) (24,525) Management fees 31,065 37,801 34,538 Other 15,243 9,654 7,600 Total net revenues 1,985,755 3,167,361 3,705,597 Expenses: Compensation 735,231 999,802 738,569 Loan origination 173,622 330,788 219,746 Technology 139,950 141,426 112,570 Servicing 59,628 109,835 256,934 Other 212,077 226,327 137,169 Total expenses 1,320,508 1,808,178 1,464,988 Income before provision for income taxes 665,247 1,359,183 2,240,609 Provision for income taxes 189,740 355,693 593,725 Net income 475,507 1,003,490 1,646,884 Earnings per share Basic 8.96 15.73 21.91 Diluted 8.50 14.87 20.92 Return on average stockholders equity 13.8 28.9 61.4 Dividends declared per share 0.80 0.80 0.54 Income before provision for income taxes by segment: Mortgage banking: Production 48,480 1,044,411 1,964,121 Servicing 613,626 306,678 262,144 Total mortgage banking 662,106 1,351,089 2,226,265 Investment management 3,141 8,094 14,344 665,247 1,359,183 2,240,609 Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA (1) 591,055 2,040,581 2,488,716 During the year: Interest rate lock commitments issued 80,143,406 141,433,359 125,614,670 Common stock closing per share prices: High 70.10 70.57 69.49 Low 39.73 56.53 16.90 At end of year 56.66 70.57 65.62 At end of year: Interest rate lock commitments outstanding 7,009,119 14,111,795 20,624,535 Unpaid principal balance of loan servicing portfolio: Owned: Mortgage servicing rights and liabilities 314,600,796 278,385,373 241,268,301 Loans held for sale 3,498,214 9,430,766 11,063,938 318,099,010 287,816,139 252,332,239 Subserviced for PMT 233,575,672 221,892,142 174,418,591 551,674,682 509,708,281 426,750,830 Net assets of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 1,962,815 2,367,518 2,296,859 Book value per share 69.44 60.11 47.80 

 (1) To provide investors with information in addition to our results as determined by GAAP, we disclose Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP measure. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure that is frequently used in our industry to measure performance and we believe that this measure provides supplemental information that is useful to investors. Adjusted EBITDA is not a financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for net income, or any other performance measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding decrease (increase) in fair value of MSRs net of MSLs, due to changes in the valuation inputs we use in 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 our valuation models, increase (decrease) in fair value of excess servicing spread ESS payable to PMT, hedging losses (gains) associated with MSRs, stock-based compensation and interest expense on corporate debt or corporate revolving credit facilities and capital lease. We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors regarding our results of operations because each measure assists both investors and management in analyzing and benchmarking the performance and value of our business. However, other companies may define Adjusted EBITDA differently, and as a result, our measures of Adjusted EBITDA may not be directly comparable to those of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: they do not reflect every cash expenditure, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; they do not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payment on our debt; and they are not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA measures are not intended as alternatives to net income as an indicator of our operating performance and should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, for each of the years indicated: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income 475,507 1,003,490 1,646,884 Provision for income taxes 189,740 355,693 593,725 Income before provision for income taxes 665,247 1,359,183 2,240,609 Depreciation and amortization 34,409 28,645 25,575 (Increase) decrease in fair value of MSRs net of MSLs due to changes in valuation inputs used in valuation models (877,671) 68,330 1,109,841 Increase (decrease) in fair value of ESS payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 1,037 (24,970) Hedging losses (gains) associated with MSRs 631,484 475,215 (918,180) Stock based compensation 42,552 37,794 45,105 Interest expense on corporate debt or corporate revolving credit facilities and capital lease 95,034 70,377 10,736 Adjusted EBITDA 591,055 2,040,581 2,488,716 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Income Before Provisions for Income Taxes In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded income before provision for income taxes of 665.2 million, a decrease of 693.9 million or 51 from 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 2.0 billion decrease in production income Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value , Loan origination fees and Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust primarily due to lower production volume and gain on sale margins across all channels, partially offset by a 768.4 million increase in Net loan servicing fees reflecting improved valuation results in our MSRs, net of hedging results, and a 487.7 million decrease in total expenses, primarily due to reductions in compensation, loan origination and servicing expenses. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded income before provision for income taxes of 1.4 billion, a decrease of 881.4 million or 39 from 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a 221.1 million decrease in production income Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value , Loan origination fees and Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust primarily due to lower gain on sale margins across all production channels and reduced fulfillment fee rates during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, a 256.5 million decrease in Net loan servicing fees reflecting elevated prepayment speeds and a 343.2 million increase in total expenses. The increase in total expenses was mainly due to increases in compensation and origination expenses reflecting the growth of our direct lending production. Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value In our production segment, revenues reflect the effects of increasing interest rates on both demand for mortgage loans and gain on sale margins during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the strong demand due to the historically low interest rate environment that prevailed during 2021 and 2020. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value totaling 791.6 million, as compared to 2.5 billion and 2.7 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to lower gains from production due to decreased production volumes and gain on sale margins and lower EBO loan redelivery gains due to reduced reperformance and modifications and diminished redelivery margins in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and 2020. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Our net gains on loans held for sale are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) From non - affiliates: Cash (losses) gains: Loans (2,128,195) 600,840 2,025,260 Hedging activities 1,347,843 443,341 (767,588) Total cash (losses) gains (780,352) 1,044,181 1,257,672 Non-cash (losses) gains: Change in fair value of loans and derivative financial instruments outstanding at end of year: Interest rate lock commitments (296,349) (354,833) 540,376 Loans 188,849 210,961 (326,986) Hedging derivatives (20,879) (124,200) 116,690 (128,379) (268,072) 330,080 Mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from loan sales 1,718,094 1,755,318 1,114,720 Provisions for losses relating to representations and warranties: Pursuant to loan sales (9,617) (31,590) (21,035) Reductions in liability due to change in estimate 8,451 16,037 8,667 Total non-cash gains 1,588,549 1,471,693 1,432,432 Total gains on sale from non-affiliates 808,197 2,515,874 2,690,104 From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (primarily cash) (16,564) (51,473) 50,681 791,633 2,464,401 2,740,785 During the year: Interest rate lock commitments issued: By loan type: Government-insured or guaranteed loans 57,882,469 95,070,027 91,922,406 Conventional conforming loans 22,060,564 46,363,332 33,682,284 Jumbo loans 98,158 8,304 Home equity loans 102,215 Home equity lines of credit 1,676 80,143,406 141,433,359 125,614,670 By production channel: Consumer direct 18,925,722 58,018,371 39,850,344 Broker direct 9,625,043 18,920,730 18,077,816 Correspondent 51,592,641 64,494,258 67,686,510 80,143,406 141,433,359 125,614,670 At end of year: Loans held for sale at fair value 3,509,300 9,742,483 11,616,400 Commitments to fund and purchase loans 7,009,119 14,111,795 20,624,535 Non-cash elements of gain on sale of loans Our gains on loans held for sale include both cash and non-cash elements. We recognize a significant portion of our gains on loans held for sale when we make commitments to purchase or fund mortgage loans. We recognize this gain in the form of IRLCs. We adjust our initial gain estimate as the loan purchase or origination process progresses until the loan is either funded or cancelled. We also receive non-cash proceeds on sale that include our estimate of the fair value of MSRs and we incur liabilities for MSLs (which represent the fair value of the costs we expect to incur in excess of the fees we receive to service the EBO loans we have resold) and for the fair value of our estimate of the losses we expect to incur relating to the representations and warranties we provide in our loan sale transactions. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 The MSRs, MSLs, and liability for representations and warranties we recognize represent our estimate of the fair value of future benefits and costs we will realize for years in the future. These estimates represented approximately 217 of our gain on sale of loans at fair value for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 71 and 40 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. These estimates change as circumstances change and changes in these estimates are recognized in income in subsequent periods. Interest Rate Lock Commitments, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Liabilities The methods and key inputs we use to measure and update our measurements of IRLCs, MSRs and MSLs is detailed in Note 6 Fair value Valuation Techniques and Inputs to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Representations and Warranties Our agreements with the purchasers and insurers include representations and warranties related to the loans we sell. The representations and warranties require adherence to purchaser and insurer origination and underwriting guidelines, including but not limited to the validity of the lien securing the loan, property eligibility, borrower credit, income and asset requirements, and compliance with applicable federal, state and local law. In the event of a breach of our representations and warranties, we may be required to either repurchase the loans with the identified defects or indemnify the purchaser or insurer. In such cases, we bear any subsequent credit loss on the loans. Our credit loss may be reduced by any recourse we have to correspondent originators that sold such loans to us and breached similar or other representations and warranties. In such event, we have the right to seek a recovery of related repurchase losses from that correspondent seller. Our representations and warranties are generally not subject to stated limits of exposure. However, we believe that the current UPB of loans sold by us and subject to representation and warranty liability to date represents the maximum exposure to repurchases related to representations and warranties. The level of the liability for losses under representations and warranties is difficult to estimate and requires considerable judgment. The level of loan repurchase losses is dependent on economic factors, purchaser or insurer loss mitigation strategies, and other external conditions that may change over the lives of the underlying loans. Our estimate of the liability for representations and warranties is developed by our credit administration staff and approved by our senior management credit committee which includes our senior executives and senior management in our loan production, loan servicing and credit risk management areas. The method used to estimate our losses on representations and warranties is a function of our estimate of future defaults, loan repurchase rates, the severity of loss in the event of default, if applicable, and the probability of reimbursement by the correspondent loan seller. We establish a liability at the time loans are sold and review our liability estimate on a periodic basis. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we recorded provisions for losses under representations and warranties relating to current loan sales as a component of Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value totaling 9.6 million, 31.6 million, and 21.0 million, respectively. The decrease in provision relating to current loan sales reflects the decrease in our loan production in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, and the increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to a change in the mix of loan deliveries between the years. We also recorded reductions in the liability relating to previously sold loans of 8.5 million, 16.0 million, and 8.7 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The reductions in the liability relating to previously sold loans resulted from those loans meeting performance criteria established by the Agencies which significantly limits the likelihood of certain repurchase or indemnification claims. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Following is a summary of mortgage loan repurchase activity and the unpaid balance of mortgage loans subject to representations and warranties: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) During the year: Indemnification activity: Loans indemnified at beginning of year 15,079 13,788 15,366 New indemnifications 24,016 9,544 4,544 Less indemnified loans sold, repaid or refinanced 3,134 8,253 6,122 Loans indemnified at end of year 35,961 15,079 13,788 Repurchase activity: Total loans repurchased 93,011 99,496 58,410 Less: Loans repurchased by correspondent lenders 32,660 37,280 28,658 Loans repaid by borrowers or resold with defects resolved 54,044 25,223 24,810 Net loans repurchased with losses chargeable to liability for representations and warranties 6,307 36,993 4,942 Losses charged to liability for representations and warranties 12,266 4,720 1,126 At end of year: Unpaid principal balance of loans subject to representations and warranties 296,774,121 257,369,777 210,222,447 Liability for representations and warranties 32,421 43,521 32,688 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased loans with unpaid principal balances totaling 93.0 million and charged 12.3 million in net incurred losses relating to repurchases against our liability for representations and warranties. Our losses arising from representations and warranties have historically been reduced by our ability to either recover most of the losses from our correspondent sellers or from our ability to profitably refinance and resell repurchased loans. If the outstanding balance of loans we purchase and sell subject to representations and warranties increases, the loans sold continue to season, economic conditions change, correspondent lenders become unwilling or unable to repurchase defective loans, or investor and insurer loss mitigation strategies are adjusted, the level of repurchase and loss activity may increase. Furthermore, as expected economic conditions, such as interest rates, home values and borrower default rates change, our realized loss rates may increase. Such increases may require us to adjust our estimate of future losses relating to loans previously sold. Such increased loss estimates, if recognized, would be reflected in Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value in the period we recognize the change. The recent increases in market interest rates may affect certain of our correspondent sellers ability to honor their obligations to repurchase defective loans. Furthermore, these market factors and the expected economic slowdown may increase the level of borrower defaults, increasing the level of repurchases we are required to make, and may make it more difficult to minimize losses on repurchased loans due to reduced opportunities to refinance loans and decreasing market values for resales of loans. We expect these developments will increase the losses we incur in relation to our representations and warranties compared to our historical experience. However, we believe our recorded liability is presently adequate to absorb such losses. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Loan origination fees Following is a summary of our loan origination fees: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Loan origination fee revenue 169,859 384,154 285,551 Unpaid principal balance of loans purchased and originated for sale to non-affiliates 72,025,798 124,594,308 96,200,101 Loan origination fees decreased 214.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decrease in loan production volumes. Loan origination fees increased 98.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in loan production volumes. Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Following is a summary of our fulfillment fees: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Fulfillment fee revenue 67,991 178,927 222,200 Unpaid principal balance of loans fulfilled subject to fulfillment fees 37,090,031 110,003,574 100,389,252 Average fulfillment fee rate (in basis points) 18 16 22 Fulfillment fees from PMT represent fees we collect for services we perform on behalf of PMT in connection with the acquisition, packaging and sale of loans. We charged fulfillment fees as a percentage of the UPB of the loans we fulfilled for PMT through June 30, 2020. Effective July 1, 2020, we charge fulfillment fees based on the number of loans we lock and fulfill for PMT. Fulfillment fees decreased 110.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decrease in loan production volume. Fulfillment fees decreased 43.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease was primarily due to fulfillment fee structure changes, which generally reduced the fulfillment fees per loan fulfilled, and an increase in discretionary reductions in the fulfillment fee rate in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. Net loan servicing fees Our net loan servicing fee income has two primary components: fees earned for servicing the loans and the effects of MSR and MSL valuation changes, net of hedging results as summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Loan servicing fees 1,228,637 1,075,112 998,291 Effects of MSRs and MSLs (277,308) (892,158) (558,843) Net loan servicing fees 951,329 182,954 439,448 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Loan Servicing Fees Following is a summary of our loan servicing fees: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) From non-affiliates 1,054,828 875,570 814,646 From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 81,915 80,658 67,181 Other Late charges 48,166 34,957 41,100 Other 43,728 83,927 75,364 91,894 118,884 116,464 1,228,637 1,075,112 998,291 Average loan servicing portfolio MSRs and MSLs 297,207,950 258,759,523 235,567,838 Subserviced for PMT 226,817,005 202,047,495 151,379,311 Loan servicing fees from non-affiliates generally relate to our MSRs which are primarily related to servicing we provide for loans included in Agency securitizations. These fees are contractually established at an annualized percentage of the unpaid principal balance of the loan serviced and we collect these fees from borrower payments. Loan servicing fees from PMT are primarily related to PMT s MSRs and are established at monthly per-loan amounts based on whether the loan is a fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loan and the loan s delinquency or foreclosure status as detailed in Note 4 Transactions with Affiliates to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Other loan servicing fees are comprised primarily of fees charged to correspondent lenders relating to loans that are repaid shortly after we purchase them and borrower-contracted fees such as late charges and reconveyance fees. The increases in loan servicing fees from non-affiliates and from PMT for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021 and 2020, were primarily due to growth of our loan servicing portfolio. The decrease in other loan servicing fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in fees charged to correspondent lenders related to borrower early loan payoffs and decreased recording and release fees charged to borrowers due to lower prepayment activity we experienced in the current rising interest rate environment compared to 2021. The increases in other loan servicing fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to an increase in fees charged to correspondent lenders related to borrower early loan payoffs resulting from the low interest rate environment. Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Liabilities We have elected to carry our servicing assets and liabilities at fair value. Changes in fair value have two components: changes due to realization of the contractual servicing fees and changes due to changes in market inputs used to estimate the fair value of MSRs and MSLs. We endeavor to moderate the effects of changes in fair value by entering into derivatives transactions and, until March of 2021, by financing certain of our purchases of MSRs with the sale of a portion of the MSR assets cash flows to PMT in the form of ESS certificates. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Change in fair value of MSR, MSL and ESS and the related hedging results are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) MSR and MSL valuation changes: Realization of cash flows (523,495) (347,576) (392,152) Other changes in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities 877,671 (68,330) (1,109,841) 354,176 (415,906) (1,501,993) Change in fair value of excess servicing spread (1,037) 24,970 Hedging results (631,484) (475,215) 918,180 Total change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights, mortgage servicing liabilities and excess servicing spread financing net of hedging results (277,308) (892,158) (558,843) Average balances: Mortgage servicing rights 5,117,835 3,347,980 2,404,621 Mortgage servicing liabilities 2,397 55,623 32,071 Excess servicing spread financing 21,563 153,768 At end of year: Mortgage servicing rights 5,953,621 3,878,078 2,581,174 Mortgage servicing liabilities 2,096 2,816 45,324 Excess servicing spread financing 131,750 Changes in realization of cash flows are influenced by changes in the level of servicing assets and liabilities and changes in estimates of the remaining cash flows to be realized. Realization of cash flows increased in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the growth in our investment in MSRs. Realization of cash flows decreased in the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to lower prepayment expectations through 2021 which slows the rate at which cash flows are expected to be realized. Other changes in fair value of MSRs increased in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and 2020 primarily due to significant increases in interest rates and resulting decreases in expected future prepayment speeds in 2022. Hedging results reflect valuation losses attributable to the effects of interest rate increases on the fair value of the hedging instruments in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to lesser or opposite circumstances and effects in 2021 and 2020. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Following is a summary of our loan servicing portfolio: 

December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Loans serviced Prime servicing: Owned: Mortgage servicing rights and liabilities Originated 295,032,674 254,524,015 Acquired 19,568,122 23,861,358 314,600,796 278,385,373 Loans held for sale 3,498,214 9,430,766 318,099,010 287,816,139 Subserviced for PMT 233,554,875 221,864,120 Total prime servicing 551,653,885 509,680,259 Special servicing subserviced for PMT 20,797 28,022 Total loans serviced 551,674,682 509,708,281 Delinquencies: Owned servicing (1): 30-89 days 11,759,005 6,943,327 90 days or more 7,758,033 9,838,648 19,517,038 16,781,975 Delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance: 30-89 days 980,597 1,111,151 90 days or more 3,042,923 2,732,089 4,023,520 3,843,240 Subserviced for PMT (1): 30-89 days 1,913,495 1,164,782 90 days or more 971,048 1,810,910 2,884,543 2,975,692 Delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance: 30-89 days 177,195 171,114 90 days or more 466,489 638,703 643,684 809,817 

 (1) Includes delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance plans that were requested by borrowers seeking payment relief in accordance with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Following is a summary of characteristics of our MSR and MSL servicing portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

Average Loan type UPB Loan count Note rate Seasoning (months) Remaining maturity (months) Loan size FICO credit score at origination Original LTV (1) Current LTV (1) 60+ Delinquency (by UPB) (Dollars and loan count in thousands) Government (2): FHA 117,974,721 613 3.69 42 321 193 674 93 67 5.57 VA 113,773,349 423 3.16 26 332 269 724 90 72 2.25 USDA 21,278,969 144 3.58 43 320 148 698 98 68 5.25 Agency: Fannie Mae 29,202,887 106 3.30 24 306 275 760 69 56 0.46 Freddie Mac 31,754,064 112 3.44 16 316 282 753 71 61 0.43 Other: Other (3) 616,806 2 3.69 15 334 311 765 65 59 0.08 314,600,796 1,400 3.43 32 323 225 710 88 67 3.34 

 (1) Loan-to-Value (2) MSRs and MSLs on government loans include loans securitized in Ginnie Mae pools as well as loans sold to private investors. (3) Represents MSRs on conventional loans sold to private investors. Net Interest Expense Net interest expense is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Interest income: From non-affiliates: Cash and short-term investments 19,839 3,280 6,154 Loans held for sale at fair value 172,124 275,176 184,789 Placement fees relating to custodial funds 102,099 21,326 52,758 294,062 299,782 243,701 From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell 387 3,325 294,062 300,169 247,026 Interest expense: To non-affiliates: Short-term debt 112,773 168,285 119,248 Long-term debt 174,847 110,159 55,421 Interest shortfall on repayments of mortgage loans serviced for Agency securitizations 40,741 105,430 82,285 Interest on mortgage loan impound deposits 7,066 5,545 6,179 335,427 389,419 263,133 To PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Excess servicing spread financing at fair value 1,280 8,418 335,427 390,699 271,551 (41,365) (90,530) (24,525) 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Net interest expense decreased 49.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to: an increase of 80.8 million in placement fees we receive relating to custodial funds that we manage due to increased earning rates; a decrease of 64.7 million in interest shortfall on repayments of loans serviced for Agency securitizations, reflecting decreased loan payoffs as a result of decreased borrower refinancing activity due to the higher interest rates. When a borrower repays a loan, we are responsible in many cases for paying the full month s interest to the holders of the Agency securities that are backed by the loan regardless of when in the month the borrower repays the loan. The decrease in refinancing activity in our MSR portfolio caused the decrease in the interest shortfall; and an increase of 16.6 million in interest income from cash balances reflecting increasing interest rates; partially offset by a decrease of 103.1 million in interest income from loans held for sale reflecting lower average levels of inventory; and an increase of 9.2 million in interest expense on borrowings due to the higher interest rate environment. Net interest expense increased 66.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to: a decrease of 31.4 million in placement fees we receive relating to custodial funds that we manage due to decreased earning rates; and an increase of 23.1 million in interest shortfall on repayments of loans serviced for Agency securitizations, reflecting increased loan payoffs as a result of increased borrower refinancing activity due to the lower interest rates; and an increase in the level of unsecured borrowings due to issuance of unsecured senior notes, which generally bear higher rates of interest as compared to secured borrowings. Management fees Management fees are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Base management 31,065 34,794 34,538 Performance incentive 3,007 31,065 37,801 34,538 Net assets of PMT at end of year 1,962,815 2,367,518 2,296,859 Management fees decreased 6.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting the decrease in PMT s average shareholders equity upon which its base management fees are based and a decrease in performance incentive fees. Management fees increased 3.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase is primarily due to 3.0 million of performance incentive fees earned as a result of PMT s increased profitability during one of the twelve-month measurement periods used to measure PMT s profitability during 2021 compared to 2020. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Change in Fair Value of Investment in and Dividends Received from PMT The results of our holdings of common shares of PMT, which is included in Changes in fair value of investment in, and dividends received from PMT are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Dividends from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 136 141 114 Change in fair value of investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (371) 195 (567) Dividends received and change in fair value (235) 336 (453) Fair value of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust shares at end of year 929 1,300 1,105 Change in fair value of investment in and dividends received from PMT decreased 571,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 789,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to changes in the fair value of our investment in PMT. We held 75,000 common shares of PMT during each of the three years ended December 31, 2022. Expenses Compensation Our compensation expense is summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Salaries and wages 445,779 594,188 437,157 Severance 18,797 156 187 Incentive compensation 135,461 248,551 171,323 Taxes and benefits 92,642 119,113 84,797 Stock and unit-based compensation 42,552 37,794 45,105 735,231 999,802 738,569 Head count: Average 5,508 7,118 5,313 Period end 4,135 7,208 6,632 Compensation expense decreased 264.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to work force reductions necessitated by reductions in loan production in 2022 and decreased incentive compensation accruals due to reduced staffing levels and lower achievement of profitability targets. Compensation expense increased 261.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to growth in staffing levels made to accommodate the growth in our loan production and servicing activities as well as to increases in incentive compensation primarily due to higher production volume. The decrease in stock based compensation in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a 2020 stock option grant that vested on its grant date. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Loan origination Loan origination expense decreased 157.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 due to decreased lending activities. Loan origination expense increased 111.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 due to increased lending activities. Servicing Servicing expense decreased 50.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and 147.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. These decreases were primarily due to a larger reversal of the provision for estimated servicing advance losses recorded in prior years and decreased purchases of EBO loans from Ginnie Mae guaranteed pools. The reduction reflects the improvements in the performance of our servicing portfolio due to the resolution of delinquent loans relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. Technology Technology expense decreased 1.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 28.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase between 2020 and 2021 was primarily due to growth in our direct lending and loan servicing operations and continued investment in our loan production and servicing infrastructure. We recorded 728,000 and 13.1 million of impairment of capitalized software during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Provision for income taxes For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our effective tax rates were 28.5 , 26.2 , and 26.5 , respectively. The higher effective tax rate for 2022 is primarily due to the effect of the repricing of the net deferred tax liability resulting from the higher booking tax rate partially offset by the effect of the reduction in the future tax rate for some states. The higher effective tax rate additionally reflects the effect of an increase in non-deductible compensation. The Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law on August 16, 2022 Act ), effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act imposes a 15 Alternative Minimum Tax AMT on the adjusted financial statement income AFSI of applicable corporations. Applicable corporations generally include any corporation whose 3-year average AFSI exceeds 1 billion. Based on the current legislation and the definition of AFSI, we do not expect the Company will be subject to this corporate minimum tax. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Balance Sheet Analysis Following is a summary of key balance sheet items as of the dates presented: 

December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) ASSETS Cash and short-term investments 1,340,730 346,942 Loans held for sale at fair value 3,509,300 9,742,483 Derivative assets 99,003 333,695 Servicing advances, net 696,753 702,160 Investments in and advances to affiliates 37,301 41,391 Mortgage servicing rights 5,953,621 3,878,078 Loans eligible for repurchase 4,702,103 3,026,207 Other 483,773 705,656 Total assets 16,822,584 18,776,612 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Short-term debt 3,288,875 7,772,580 Long-term debt 3,722,566 3,077,330 7,011,441 10,849,910 Liability for loans eligible for repurchase 4,702,103 3,026,207 Income taxes payable 1,002,744 685,262 Other 635,247 796,908 Total liabilities 13,351,535 15,358,287 Stockholders equity 3,471,049 3,418,325 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 16,822,584 18,776,612 Leverage ratios: Total debt / Stockholders equity 2.0 3.2 Total debt / Tangible stockholders equity (1) 2.1 3.3 

 (1) Tangible stockholders equity represents total stockholder s equity reduced by intangible assets, primarily capitalized software, for the dates presented. Total assets decreased 2.0 billion from 18.8 billion at December 31, 2021 to 16.8 billion at December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a 6.2 billion decrease in loans held for sale at fair value, partially offset by a 2.1 billion increase in MSRs and a 1.7 billion increase in loans eligible for repurchase. The decrease in loans held for sale at fair value was primarily due to lower loan production volume in 2022. Total liabilities decreased by 2.0 billion from 15.4 billion as of December 31, 2021 to 13.4 billion at December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a 3.8 billion decrease in borrowings, partially offset by a 1.7 billion increase in liability for loans eligible for repurchase. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows Our cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022 are summarized below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Operating 6,033,235 2,563,061 (6,198,938) Investing (721,582) (304,369) 783,034 Financing (4,323,207) (2,451,380) 5,760,107 Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 988,446 (192,688) 344,203 Operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities totaled 6.0 billion, 2.6 billion, and (6.2) billion in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily influenced by changes in the levels of our inventory of loans held for sale as shown below: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash flows from: Loans held for sale 5,676,655 3,102,134 (5,326,837) Other operating sources 356,580 (539,073) (872,101) 6,033,235 2,563,061 (6,198,938) Investing activities Net cash used in investing activities was 721.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily comprised of 871.9 million in net settlement of derivative financial instruments used to hedge our investment in MSRs and 71.9 million used in acquisition of capitalized software, partially offset by a 238.7 million decrease in margin deposits. Net cash used in investing activities was 304.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily comprised of 434.4 million in net settlement of derivative financial instruments used to hedge our investment in MSRs, partially offset by a 97.7 million decrease in margin deposits. Net cash provided by investing activities was 783.0 million in the year ended December 2020, primarily comprised of 913.1 million in net settlement of derivative financial instruments used to hedge our investment in MSRs, partially offset by 131.8 million increase in margin deposits. Financing activities Net cash used in financing activities was 4.3 billion in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to a 4.5 billion decrease in short-term borrowings, which reflects decreased borrowing requirements relating to our reduced inventory of loans held for sale, and 406.1 million in repurchases of common stock, partially offset by issuance of a 650 million note payable secured by mortgage servicing rights. Net cash used in financing activities was 2.5 billion in the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 2.4 billion decrease in short-term borrowings, which reflects decreased borrowing requirements relating to our inventory of loans held for sale, and a 958.2 million repurchase of common stock, partially offset by issuance of 1.2 billion of unsecured senior notes. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 5.8 billion in the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase of 6.1 billion in borrowings to finance the growth in our inventory of loans held for sale, partially offset by 337.5 million of repurchases of common stock and 30.9 million of dividends paid to our common stock holders. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our liquidity reflects our ability to meet our current obligations (including our operating expenses and, when applicable, the retirement of, and margin calls relating to, our debt, and margin calls relating to hedges on our commitments to purchase or originate mortgage loans and on our MSR investments), fund new originations and purchases, and make investments as we identify them. We expect our primary sources of liquidity to be through cash flows from business activities, proceeds from bank borrowings, proceeds from and issuance of equity or debt offerings. In addition, we utilized existing borrowing facilities to increase our cash balances to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022. We believe that our liquidity is sufficient to meet our current liquidity needs. Our current borrowing strategy is to finance our assets where we believe such borrowing is prudent, appropriate and available. Our borrowing activities are in the form of sales of assets under agreements to repurchase, sales of mortgage loan participation purchase and sale certificates, notes payable, a capital lease and unsecured senior notes. A significant amount of our borrowings have short-term maturities and provide for advances with terms ranging from 30 days to 270 days. Because a significant portion of our current debt facilities consist of short-term borrowings, we expect to renew these facilities in advance of maturity in order to ensure our ongoing liquidity and access to capital or otherwise allow ourselves sufficient time to replace any necessary financing. On June 8, 2022, the Company, through its indirect subsidiary, PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST Issuer Trust ), issued an aggregate principal amount of 500 million in secured term notes (the 2022-GT1 Notes to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The 2022-GT1 Notes bear interest at a rate equal to United States 30 Day Average Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR plus 4.25 per annum, payable each month beginning in June 2022, on the 25th day of such month or, if such 25th day is not a business day, the next business day and mature on May 25, 2027 unless extended to either May 25, 2028 or May 25, 2029. In December 16, 2022, the Company issued a note payable that is secured by Freddie Mac MSRs. Interest is charged at a rate based on SOFR plus a spread as defined in the agreement. The facility expires on November 13, 2024. The maximum amount that the Company may borrow under the note payable is 400 million, 350 million of which is committed and which may be reduced by other debt outstanding with the counter party. Our repurchase agreements represent the sales of assets together with agreements for us to buy back the assets at a later date. The table below presents the average outstanding, maximum and ending balances: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Average balance 2,580,513 6,911,843 3,348,928 Maximum daily balance 7,289,147 10,969,029 9,663,995 Balance at year end 3,004,690 7,297,360 9,663,995 The differences between the average and maximum daily balances on our repurchase agreements reflect the fluctuations throughout the years of our inventory as we fund and pool mortgage loans for sale in guaranteed mortgage securitizations. Our debt repurchase agreements also contain margin call provisions that, upon notice from the applicable lender at its option, require us to transfer cash or, in some instances, additional assets in an amount sufficient to eliminate any margin deficit. A margin deficit will generally result from any decline in the market value (as determined by the applicable lender) of the assets subject to the related financing agreement. Upon notice from the applicable lender, we 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 will generally be required to satisfy the margin call on the day of such notice or within one business day thereafter, depending on the timing of the notice. Our secured financing agreements at PLS require us to comply with various financial covenants. The most significant financial covenants currently include the following: a minimum in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 100 million; a minimum tangible net worth of 1.25 billion; a maximum ratio of total liabilities to tangible net worth of 10:1; and at least one other warehouse or repurchase facility that finances amounts and assets that are similar to those being financed under certain of our existing secured financing agreements. With respect to servicing performed for PMT, PLS is also subject to certain covenants under PMT s debt agreements. Covenants in PMT s debt agreements are equally, or sometimes less, restrictive than the covenants described above. Our unsecured senior notes contain covenants that limit our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to engage in specified types of transactions, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 pay dividends or distributions, redeem or repurchase equity, prepay subordinated debt and make certain loans or investments; incur, assume or guarantee additional debt or issue preferred stock; incur liens on assets; merge or consolidate with another person or sell all or substantially all of our assets to another person; transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets including capital stock of subsidiaries; enter into transactions with affiliates; and allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of our non-guarantor restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us. 
 Although these financial covenants limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur and affect our liquidity through minimum cash reserve requirements, we believe that these covenants currently provide us with sufficient flexibility to successfully operate our business and obtain the financing necessary to achieve that purpose. We are also subject to liquidity and net worth requirements established by FHFA for Agency seller/servicers and Ginnie Mae for single-family issuers. FHFA and Ginnie Mae have established minimum liquidity requirements and revised their net worth requirements for their approved non-depository single-family sellers/servicers or issuers as summarized below: 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 The FHFA liquidity requirement is equal to 0.035 (3.5 basis points) of total Agency servicing UPB plus an incremental 200 basis points of the amount by which total nonperforming Agency servicing UPB (reduced by 70 of the UPB of nonperforming Agency loans that are in pandemic-related payment forbearance and were current when they entered such forbearance) exceeds 6 of the applicable Agency servicing UPB; allowable assets to satisfy the liquidity requirement include cash and cash equivalents (unrestricted), certain investment-grade securities that are available for sale or held for trading including Agency mortgage-backed securities, obligations of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, and U.S. Treasury obligations, and unused and available portions of committed servicing advance lines; The FHFA net worth requirement is a minimum net worth of 2.5 million plus 0.25 (25 basis points) of UPB for total 1-4 unit residential mortgage loans serviced and a tangible net worth/total assets ratio greater than or equal to 6 ; The Ginnie Mae single-family issuer minimum liquidity requirement is equal to the greater of 1.0 million or 0.10 (10 basis points) of the issuer s outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family securities, which must be met with cash and cash equivalents; and The Ginnie Mae net worth requirement is equal to 2.5 million plus 0.35 (35 basis points) of the issuer s outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family obligations. We believe that we are currently in compliance with the applicable Agency requirements. In August 2022, the Agencies issued revised capital and liquidity requirements. The requirements will be effective at various dates beginning September 30, 2023, for issuers of securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae and seller/servicers of mortgage loans to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. We believe that we are also in compliance with Agencies revised requirements as currently interpreted as of December 31, 2022. On August 4, 2021, our Board of Directors increased our common stock repurchase program from 1 billion to 2 billion. Share repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. The stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date and the authorization does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock. From inception through December 31, 2022, we have repurchased approximately 1.7 billion of common shares under our stock repurchase program. We continue to explore a variety of means of financing our business, including debt financing through bank warehouse lines of credit, bank loans, repurchase agreements, securitization transactions and corporate debt. However, there can be no assurance as to how much additional financing capacity such efforts will produce, what form the financing will take or whether such efforts will be successful. Debt Obligations As described further above in Liquidity and Capital Resources, we currently finance certain of our assets through short-term borrowings with major financial institutions in the form of sales of assets under agreements to repurchase and mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements. We access the capital market for long-term debt through the issuance of secured term notes and unsecured senior notes and we have an outstanding long term capital lease. The issuer under our secured term note facilities is PLS or a wholly-owned issuer trust guaranteed by PNMAC. In addition, we have issued unsecured senior notes guaranteed by certain of our restricted wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Under the terms of these financing agreements, PLS is required to comply with certain financial covenants, as described further above in Liquidity and Capital Resources, and various non-financial covenants customary for transactions of this nature. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we were in compliance in all material respects with these covenants. Many of our debt financing agreements contain a condition precedent to obtaining additional funding that requires PLS to maintain positive net income for at least one of the previous two consecutive quarters, or other similar measures. PLS is compliant with all such conditions. The financing agreements also contain margin call provisions that, upon notice from the applicable lender, require us to transfer cash or, in some instances, additional assets in an amount sufficient to eliminate any margin deficit. Upon notice from the applicable lender, we will generally be required to satisfy the margin call on the day of such notice or within one business day thereafter, depending on the timing of the notice. In addition, the financing agreements contain events of default (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods), including payment defaults, breaches of covenants and/or certain representations and warranties, cross-defaults, guarantor defaults, servicer termination events and defaults, material adverse changes, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and other events of default customary for these types of transactions. The remedies for such events of default are also customary for these types of transactions and include the acceleration of the principal amount outstanding under the agreements and the liquidation by our lenders of the mortgage loans or other collateral then subject to the agreements. The Company has issued unsecured senior notes (the Unsecured Notes to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by the Company s existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (other than certain excluded subsidiaries defined in the indentures under which the Unsecured Notes were issued). The Company is required to maintain certain financial covenants under terms of the Unsecured Notes, as described above in Liquidity and Capital Resources. We believe the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants in the Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Our borrowings have maturities as follows: 

Outstanding Total Committed Facility Lender indebtedness (1) facility size (2) facility (2) Maturity date (2) (dollar amounts in thousands) Assets sold under agreements to repurchase Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC 918,804 2,950,000 1,200,000 May 31, 2024 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC and Citibank, N.A. (3) 100,000 100,000 100,000 May 31, 2024 Bank of America, N.A. 567,745 1,425,000 380,000 June 5, 2024 Royal Bank of Canada 381,893 1,000,000 225,000 December 14, 2023 BNP Paribas 300,280 600,000 300,000 July 31, 2024 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 221,986 500,000 200,000 November 17, 2023 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (warehouse facility) 127,373 500,000 50,000 June 17, 2024 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 114,277 250,000 100,000 January 27, 2025 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (EBO facility) 84,340 500,000 October 11, 2024 Barclays Bank PLC 79,295 350,000 200,000 November 13, 2024 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 64,486 100,000 100,000 December 23, 2023 Citibank, N.A. 44,211 950,000 600,000 April 26, 2024 Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements Bank of America, N.A. 287,943 550,000 June 7, 2023 Notes payable GMSR 2018-GT1 Notes 650,000 650,000 February 25, 2025 GMSR 2018-GT2 Notes 650,000 650,000 August 25, 2023 GMSR 2022-GT1 Notes 500,000 500,000 May 25, 2027 MSR Note Payable (4) 150,000 150,000 150,000 November 13, 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes - 5.375 650,000 650,000 October 15, 2025 Unsecured Senior Notes - 4.25 650,000 650,000 February 15, 2029 Unsecured Senior Notes - 5.75 500,000 500,000 September 15, 2031 

 (1) Outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2022. (2) Total facility size, committed facility and maturity date include contractual changes through the date of this Report. (3) The 100 million is borrowed from CSFB and Citibank, N.A. under the sale of a VFN under an agreement to repurchase up to a maximum of 500 million secured by Ginnie Mae MSRs. No borrowing is outstanding from CSFB and Citibank, N.A. under a sale of the GMSR Servicing Advance Notes under an agreement to repurchase up to a maximum of 600 million. Maximum amounts borrowed under both agreements to repurchase may be reduced by amounts utilized under other debt agreements with CSFB and Citibank N.A . (4) The maximum amount that the Company may borrow under this note payable is 400 million, 350 million of which is committed and may be reduced by other debt outstanding with the counterparty. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 The amount at risk (the fair value of the assets pledged plus the related margin deposit, less the amount advanced by the counterparty and accrued interest) relating to our assets sold under agreements to repurchase is summarized by counterparty below as of December 31, 2022: 

Weighted average maturity of advances under Counterparty Amount at risk repurchase agreement Facility maturity (in thousands) Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC and Citibank, N.A. (1) 3,831,311 May 31, 2024 May 31, 2024 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC (2) 75,634 March 1, 2023 May 31, 2024 Bank of America, N.A. 68,918 March 16, 2023 June 5, 2024 Royal Bank of Canada 19,895 April 12, 2023 December 14, 2023 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (EBO facility) 13,316 February 14, 2023 October 11, 2024 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (warehouse facility) 11,908 February 26, 2023 June 17, 2024 BNP Paribas 11,131 March 19, 2023 July 31, 2024 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 9,664 March 16, 2023 November 17, 2023 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 8,310 March 6, 2023 January 3, 2024 Barclays Bank PLC 7,248 November 13, 2024 November 13, 2024 Goldman Sachs 4,326 March 19, 2023 December 23, 2023 Citibank, N.A. (2) 1,657 February 12, 2023 April 26, 2024 

 (1) The borrowing facility with Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC and Citibank, N.A. is in the form of a sale of a variable funding note under an agreement to repurchase. (2) The borrowing facilities with Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC and Citibank, N.A. are in the form of asset sales under agreements to repurchase. All debt financing arrangements that matured between December 31, 2022 and the date of this Annual Report have been renewed or extended and are described in Note 12 Short-Term Borrowings to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices, real estate values and other market-based risks. The primary market risks that we are exposed to are fair value risk, interest rate and prepayment risk. Fair Value Risk Our IRLCs, mortgage loans held for sale, MSRs, MSLs and ESS financing are reported at their fair values. The fair value of these assets fluctuates primarily due to changes in interest rates. The fair value risk we face is primarily attributable to interest rate risk and prepayment risk. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors beyond our control. Changes in interest rates affect both the fair value of, and interest income we earn from, our mortgage-related investments and our derivative financial instruments. This effect is most pronounced with fixed-rate mortgage assets. In general, rising interest rates negatively affect the fair value of our IRLCs and inventory of mortgage loans held for sale and positively affect the fair value of our MSRs. Changes in interest rates significantly influence the prepayment speeds of the loans underlying our investments in MSRs, which can have a significant effect on their fair values. Changes in interest rate are most prominently reflected in the prepayment speeds of the loans underlying our investments in MSRs and the discount rate used in their valuation. Our operating results will depend, in part, on differences between the income from our investments and our financing costs. Presently most of our secured debt financing is based on a floating rate of interest calculated on a fixed spread over the relevant index, as determined by the particular financing arrangement. Prepayment Risk To the extent that the actual prepayment rate on the mortgage loans underlying our MSRs differs from what we projected when we initially recognized these assets and liabilities when we measure fair value as of the end of each reporting period, the carrying value of these assets and liabilities will be affected. In general, a decrease in the principal balances of the mortgage loans underlying our MSRs or an increase in prepayment expectations will decrease our estimates of the fair value of the MSRs, thereby reducing net servicing income, partially offset by the beneficial effect on net servicing income of a corresponding reduction in the fair value of our MSLs. Risk Management Activities We engage in risk management activities primarily in an effort to mitigate the effect of changes in interest rates on the fair value of our assets. To manage this price risk, we use derivative financial instruments acquired with the intention of moderating the risk that changes in market interest rates will result in unfavorable changes in the fair value of our assets, primarily prepayment exposure on our MSR investments as well as IRLCs and our inventory of loans held for sale. Our objective is to minimize our hedging expense and maximize our loss coverage based on a given hedge expense target. We do not use derivative financial instruments other than IRLCs for purposes other than in support of our risk management activities. Our strategies are reviewed daily within a disciplined risk management framework. We use a variety of interest rate and spread shifts and scenarios and define target limits for market value and liquidity loss in those scenarios. With respect to our IRLCs and inventory of loans held for sale, we use MBS forward sale contracts to lock in the price at which we will sell the mortgage loans or resulting MBS, and further use MBS put options to mitigate the risk of our IRLCs not closing at the rate we expect. With respect to our MSRs, we seek to mitigate mortgage-based loss exposure utilizing MBS forward purchase and sale contracts, address exposures to smaller interest rate shifts with Treasury and interest rate swap futures, and use options and swaptions to achieve target coverage levels for larger interest rate shocks. Fair Value Sensitivities The following sensitivity analyses are limited in that they were performed at a particular point in time; only contemplate the movements in the indicated variables; do not incorporate changes to other variables; are subject to the accuracy of various models and inputs used; and do not incorporate other factors that would affect our overall financial performance in such scenarios, including operational adjustments made by management to account for changing circumstances. For these reasons, the following estimates should not be viewed as earnings forecasts. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights The following tables summarize the estimated change in fair value of MSRs as of December 31, 2022, given several shifts in pricing spreads, prepayment speed and annual per loan cost of servicing: 

Change in fair value attributable to shift in: -20 -10 -5 +5 +10 +20 (in thousands) Prepayment speed 337,167 162,725 79,976 (77,346) (152,192) (294,872) Pricing spread 347,610 168,917 83,283 (81,021) (159,863) (311,329) Annual per-loan cost of servicing 165,053 82,527 41,263 (41,263) (82,527) (165,053) 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The information called for by this Item 8 is hereby incorporated by reference from our Financial Statements and Auditors Report in Part IV of this Report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. However, no matter how well a control system is designed and operated, it can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. Our management has conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report as required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Based on our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on those criteria, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements . Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Los Angeles, California February 22, 2023 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2022. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2022. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information Our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and stock unit awards, performance units, and stock grants which we collectively refer to as awards. Directors, officers and other employees of our Company and our subsidiaries, as well as others performing consulting or advisory services for us, are eligible for grants under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The plan administrator of the equity incentive plan is the compensation committee of the board of directors. The board of directors itself may also exercise any of the powers and responsibilities under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. Subject to the terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, the plan administrator will select the recipients of awards and determine, among other things, the number of shares of common stock covered by the awards and the dates upon which such awards become exercisable or any restrictions lapse, as applicable; the type of award and the exercise or purchase price and method of payment for each such award; the performance measures, if applicable, required to be satisfied prior to vesting; the vesting period for awards, risks of forfeiture and any potential acceleration of vesting or lapses in risks of forfeiture; and the duration of awards. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides information about our former and current equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022, which consist of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (collectively the Equity Incentive Plans ): 

(a) (b) (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under Number of securities to Weighted average equity compensation be issued upon exercise of exercise price of plans (excluding outstanding options, outstanding options, securities reflected in Plan category warrants and rights warrants and rights (1) column (a)) (2) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (3) 5,776,124 32.46 4,597,788 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (4) Total 5,776,124 32.46 4,597,788 

 (1) The weighted average exercise price set forth in this column relates only to 4,316,846 shares of stock options outstanding under our Equity Incentive Plans. The remaining securities included in column (a) of this table are performance and time-based restricted stock units, for which no exercise price applies. (2) This number includes a general pool of 4,600,000 shares of common stock authorized for future awards, initially authorized under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, plus, on or after January 1, 2023, and each January 1 st thereafter through January 1, 2032, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 1.75 of our outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year, (ii) 1,322,024 shares, and (iii) any lower amount determined by our board of directors. (3) Represents our Equity Incentive Plans. (4) We do not have any equity plans that have not been approved by our stockholders. The other information required by this Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2022. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2022. Item 14. Principal Account ant Fees and Services Our independent public accounting firm is Deloitte Touche LLP, Los Angeles, CA, PCAOB Auditor ID 34. The information required by this Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, or will be contained in an amendment to this Report, in either case to be filed within 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2022. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule s 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 2.1 Contribution Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 2, 2018, by and among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., New PennyMac Merger Sub, LLC, Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, and the Contributors. 8-K12B November 1, 2018 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 8-K12B November 1, 2018 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 8-K12B November 1, 2018 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 8-K12B November 1, 2018 3.2.1 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (formerly known as New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.). 10-Q November 4, 2019 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 10-K February 25, 2021 4.2 Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2020, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 5.375 Senior Notes due 2025. 8-K September 29, 2020 4.3 Form of Global Note for 5.375 Senior Notes due 2025 (Included in Exhibit 4.2). 8-K September 29, 2020 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 19, 2020, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 5.375 Senior Notes due 2025. 10-Q November 6, 2020 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2021, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 5.375 Senior Notes due 2025 . 8-K October 8, 2021 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 4.6 Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2021, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.25 Senior Notes due 2029. 8-K February 11, 2021 4.7 Form of Global Note for 4.25 Senior Notes due 2029 (Included in Exhibit 4.6). 8-K February 11, 2021 4.8 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2021, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.250 Senior Notes due 2029 . 8-K October 8, 2021 4.9 Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2021, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 5.750 Senior Notes due 2031 . 8-K September 16, 2021 4.10 Form of Global Note for 5.750 Senior Notes due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.9). 8-K September 16, 2021 10.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, dated as of November 1, 2018. 8-K12B November 1, 2018 10.2 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2013, between PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and each of the Members. 8-K May 14, 2013 10.3 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and the Holders. 8-K12B November 1, 2018 10.4 Amended and Restated Stockholder Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and HC Partners LLC. 8-K12B November 1, 2018 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, among David A. Spector, Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 8-K December 16, 2022 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated December 13, 2022 among Doug Jones, Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC and PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 8-K December 16, 2022 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.7 Form of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. Indemnification Agreement. 10-K February 25, 2021 10.8 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan. 8-K September 28, 2021 10.9 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 8-K May 14, 2013 10.10 First Amendment to the PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 10-K March 9, 2018 10.11 Second Amendment to the PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan . DEF14A April 17, 2018 10.12 Third Amendment to the PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan . 10-K February 25, 2021 10.13 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Stock Option Award Agreement. 8-K June 17, 2013 10.14 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (2018). 10-Q August 2, 2018 10.15 Omnibus Amendment to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Agreement (2019). 10-K March 5, 2019 10.16 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Continued Service Award Agreement (Net Share Withholding) (2020). 10-Q November 4, 2019 10.17 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Continued Service Award Agreement (Sale to Cover) (2020). 10-Q November 4, 2019 10.18 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Performance Components Award Agreement (Net Share Withholding) (2020). 10-Q November 4, 2019 10.19 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Performance Components Award Agreement (Sale to Cover) (2020). 10-Q November 4, 2019 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.20 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (2020). 10-Q May 7, 2020 10.21 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Continued Service Award Agreement (Net Share Withholding) (2020). 10-Q May 7, 2020 10.22 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Continued Service Award Agreement for Non Employee Directors (2020). 10-Q May 7, 2020 10.23 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Performance Components Award Agreement (Sale to Cover) (2020). 10-Q May 7, 2020 10.24 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Continued Service Award Agreement (Sale to Cover) (2020). 10-Q May 7, 2020 10.25 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Performance Components Award Agreement (Net Share Withholding) (2020). 10-Q May 7, 2020 10.26 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (Special Option 2020). 10-K February 25, 2021 10.27 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Subject to Continued Service Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (2021). 10-K February 25, 2021 10.28 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (2021). 10-Q May 6, 2021 10.29 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (2021). 10-Q August 5, 2021 10.30 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Omnibus Amendment to Stock Option Award Agreements (2021). 10-Q August 5, 2021 10.31 PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.32 Third Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, by and among PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust, PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P. and PNMAC Capital Management, LLC. 8-K July 2, 2020 10.33 Fourth Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, between PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 8-K July 2, 2020 10.34 Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P . 10-Q May 6, 2021 10.35 Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2021, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P . 10-Q August 5, 2021 10.36 Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2021, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Operating Partnership, L.P . 10-Q November 4, 2021 10.37 Flow Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2022, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 10-Q August 5, 2022 10.38 Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 8-K July 2, 2020 10.39 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 10-K February 25, 2021 10.40 Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2022, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp., and effective as of October 1, 2022. 10-Q November 2, 2022 10.41 Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp., and effective as of November 1, 2022. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.42 Second Amended and Restated MSR Recapture Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 8-K July 2, 2020 10.43 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated MSR Recapture Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp . 10-K February 25, 2021 10.44 Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2012, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp . 10-K March 10, 2016 10.45 Flow Sale Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and between PennyMac Corp. and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 10-Q August 7, 2015 10.46 HELOC Flow Purchase and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2019, by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and PennyMac Corp. 10-Q May 6, 2019 10.47 Third Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC and Pentalpha Surveillance LLC. 8-K April 7, 2020 10.48 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2022, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, and Pentalpha Surveillance LLC. 8-K June 14, 2022 10.49 Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC and Pentalpha Surveillance LLC. 10-Q August 5, 2022 10.50 Amended and Restated Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement to Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2018, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 8-K March 6, 2018 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.51 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of August 10, 2018, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 10-Q November 2, 2018 10.52 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of April 24, 2020, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 10-Q May 7, 2020 10.53 Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of August 25, 2020, among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 10-Q November 6, 2020 10.54 Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of April 1, 2021, among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 10-Q May 6, 2021 10.55 Amendment No. 5 to the Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 8-K August 5, 2021 10.56 Omnibus SOFR Amendment No. 6 to Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement, Amendment No. 4 to Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Indenture Supplement, Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Series 2016-MBSADV1 Indenture Supplement and Series 2021-MBSADVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of February 10, 2022, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch. 10-Q May 5, 2022 10.57 Joint Amendment No. 7 to Series 2016-MSRVF1 Indenture Supplement and Amendment No. 5 to Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of June 8, 2022, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch. 10-Q August 5, 2022 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.58 Series 2018-GT1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of February 28, 2018, to Second Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 8-K March 6, 2018 10.59 Series 2018-GT2 Indenture Supplement, dated as of August 10, 2018, to Second Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 8-K August 15, 2018 10.60 Series 2022-GT1 Indenture Supplement to Third Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2022, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 8-K June 14, 2022 10.61 Guaranty, dated as of December 19, 2016, made by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, in favor of PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST. 8-K December 21, 2016 10.62 Amendment No. 1 to Guaranty, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and between PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 8-K February 23, 2017 10.63 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 8-K April 7, 2020 10.64 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC. 10-Q August 5, 2022 10.65 Side Letter Agreement to Series 2016-MSRVF1 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC . 10-K February 23, 2022 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.66 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC, MSR Collateralized Notes, SERIES 2016-MSRVF1. 8-K August 5, 2021 10.67 Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreements, dated as of June 8, 2022, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC, MSR Collateralized Notes, SERIES 2016-MSRVF1 and SERIES 2020-SPIADVF1. 10-Q August 5, 2022 10.68 Second Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of July 30, 2021, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC in favor of Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC on behalf of Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Island Branch and Citibank, N.A. . 8-K August 5, 2021 10.69 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC, MSR Collateralized Notes, SERIES 2020-SPIADVF1 . 8-K August 5, 2021 10.70 Amendment No. 2 to SERIES 2020-SPIADVF1 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC. 10-Q August 5, 2022 10.71 Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of April 1, 2020, to Third Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 8-K April 7, 2020 10.72 Consent Letter regarding Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of April 24, 2020, by and among PennyMacLoan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 10-Q May 7, 2020 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.73 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of August 25, 2020, among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 10-Q November 6, 2020 10.74 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of April 1, 2021, among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC. 10-Q May 6, 2021 10.75 Amendment No. 3 to the Series 2020- SPIADVF1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and among PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, Citibank, N.A., PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch. 8-K August 5, 2021 10.76 Side Letter Agreement to Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC . 10-K February 23, 2022 10.77 Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to the Side Letter Agreements, dated December 7, 2021, by and among PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Citibank, N. A., and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC. 10-K February 23, 2022 10.78 Base Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2021, by and among PFSI ISSUER TRUST - FMSR, as Issuer, Citibank, N.A., as Indenture Trustee, Calculation Agent, Paying Agent and Securities Intermediary, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, as Servicer and Administrator, and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, as Administrative Agent. 8-K May 3, 2021 10.79 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2021, by and among PFSI ISSUER TRUST - FMSR, as Buyer, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, as Seller, and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, as Guarantor. 8-K May 3, 2021 10.80 Guaranty, dated as of April 28, 2021, made by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, in favor of PFSI ISSUER TRUST FMSR. 8-K May 3, 2021 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 10.81 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2021, by and among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, as administrative agent, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as Buyer, and PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, as Seller. 8-K May 3, 2021 10.82 Amendment No. 1 to the Series 2021-MSRVF1 Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2021, by and among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 10-K February 23, 2022 10.83 Amendment No. 2 to the Series 2021-MSRVF1 Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2021 and effective as of January 1, 2022, by and among Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, and Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC. 10-K February 23, 2022 10.84 Guaranty, dated as of April 28, 2021, by Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC, in favor of PennyMac Loan Services, LLC. 8-K May 3, 2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 31.1 Certification of David A. Spector pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Daniel S. Perotti pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of David A. Spector pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Daniel S. Perotti pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference from the Below-Listed Form (Each Filed under SEC File Number 15-68669 or 001-38727) Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Filing Date 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Portions of the exhibit have been redacted. Filed herewith The certifications attached hereto as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Mortgage Servicing Rights MSRs Refer to Notes 3, 6 and 9 to the Financial Statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company accounts for MSRs at fair value and categorizes its MSRs as Level 3 fair value assets. The Company uses a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of MSRs. The key inputs used in the estimation of the fair value of MSRs include the applicable pricing spread (a component of the discount rate), the prepayment rates of the underlying loans prepayment speed and the annual per-loan cost of servicing, all of which are unobservable. Significant changes to any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significant change in the MSRs fair value measurement. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the pricing spread and prepayment speed assumptions used in the valuation of MSRs as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management in determining these assumptions. Auditing these assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to selection of the pricing spread and prepayment speed. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the pricing spread and prepayment speed assumptions used by the Company to estimate the fair value of MSRs included the following, among others: We tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over determining the fair value of MSRs, including those over the determination of the pricing spread and prepayment speed assumptions With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s prepayment speed assumptions by preparing a value for comparison to the Company s valuation We evaluated the reasonableness of management s prepayment speed assumptions of the underlying mortgage loans, by comparing historical prepayment speed assumptions to actual results We tested management s process for determining the pricing spread assumptions by comparing them to the implied spreads within market transactions and other third-party information used by management /s/ February 22, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except share amounts) ASSETS Cash Short-term investment at fair value Loans held for sale at fair value (includes and pledged to creditors) Derivative assets Servicing advances, net (includes valuation allowance of and ; and pledged to creditors) Mortgage servicing rights at fair value (includes and pledged to creditors) Operating lease right-of-use assets Investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust at fair value Receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Loans eligible for repurchase Other (includes and pledged to creditors) Total assets LIABILITIES Assets sold under agreements to repurchase Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets Unsecured senior notes Obligations under capital lease Derivative liabilities Mortgage servicing liabilities at fair value Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement Income taxes payable Liability for loans eligible for repurchase Liability for losses under representations and warranties Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 16 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock authorized shares of par value; issued and outstanding , and shares, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except earnings per share) Revenues Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value: From non-affiliates From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) ) Loan origination fees: From non-affiliates From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Net loan servicing fees: Loan servicing fees: From non-affiliates From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Other Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of excess servicing spread financing payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) Mortgage servicing rights hedging results ) ) ) ) ) Net loan servicing fees Net interest expense: Interest income: From non-affiliates From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Interest expense: To non-affiliates To PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Net interest expense ) ) ) Management fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Change in fair value of investment in and dividends received from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) ) Results of real estate acquired in settlement of loans Repricing of payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement Other Total net revenues Expenses Compensation Loan origination Technology Professional services Servicing Marketing and advertising Occupancy and equipment Other Total expenses Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per share Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUIT Y 

Additional Number of Par paid-in Retained shares value capital earnings Total (in thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 Net income Stock based compensation Issuance of common stock in settlement of directors fees Common stock dividends per share) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Stock based compensation Issuance of common stock in settlement of directors fees Common stock dividends per share) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income Stock based compensation Issuance of common stock in settlement of directors fees Common stock dividends per share) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash flow from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value ) ) ) Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights, mortgage servicing liabilities and excess servicing spread ) Mortgage servicing rights hedging results ) Capitalization of interest on loans held for sale ) ) ) Accrual of interest on excess servicing spread financing payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Amortization of debt issuance costs Change in fair value of investment in common shares of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) Results of real estate acquired in settlement in loans ) ) ) Repricing of payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement ) ) Stock-based compensation expense (Reversal of) provision for servicing advance losses ) ) Depreciation and amortization Impairment of capitalized software Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Purchase of loans held for sale from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) ) ) Origination of loans held for sale ) ) ) Purchase of loans held for sale from non-affiliates ) ) ) Purchase of loans from Ginnie Mae securities and early buyout investors ) ) ) Sale to non-affiliates and principal payments of loans held for sale Sale of loans held for sale to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Repurchase of loans subject to representations and warranties ) ) ) Settlement of repurchase agreement derivatives Increase in servicing advances ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) Sale of real estate acquired in settlement of loans Decrease (increase) in other assets ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Decrease in operating lease liabilities ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) Payments to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement ) ) ) Increase in income taxes payable Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Statements continue on the next page. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 (Continued) PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash flow from investing activities (Increase) decrease in short-term investment ) Net change in assets purchased from PMT under agreement to resell Net settlement of derivative financial instruments used for hedging of mortgage servicing rights ) ) Purchase of mortgage servicing rights ) ) Acquisition of capitalized software ) ) ) Purchase of furniture, fixtures, equipment and leasehold improvements ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in margin deposits ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flow from financing activities Sale of assets under agreements to repurchase Repurchase of assets sold under agreements to repurchase ) ) ) Issuance of mortgage loan participation purchase and sale certificates Repayment of mortgage loan participation purchase and sale certificates ) ) ) Issuance of notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets Issuance of unsecured senior notes Repayment of obligations under capital lease ) ) ) Repayment of excess servicing spread financing ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options Payment of withholding taxes relating to stock-based compensation ) ) ) Payment of dividend to holders of common stock ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and restricted cash at end of year Cash and restricted cash at end of year are comprised of the following: Cash Restricted cash included in Other assets Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash (refunds received) paid for income taxes, net ) Non-cash investing activities: Mortgage servicing rights resulting from loan sales Operating right-of-use assets recognized Non-cash financing activities: Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from loan sales Issuance of Excess servicing spread payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust pursuant to a recapture agreement Issuance of common stock in settlement of directors fees The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS , , and of total net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also purchased , and of its newly originated loan production from PMT during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 for furniture and equipment and the lesser of the asset s estimated useful life or the remaining lease term for fixtures and building improvements. using the straight-line method. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 delinquent. As a result of this right, the Company recognizes the loans in Loans eligible for repurchase at their unpaid principal balances and records a corresponding liability in Liability for loans eligible for repurchase on its consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 of the applicable month-end for subserviced loans. Loan servicing fees relating to owned MSRs are recognized when earned. Loan servicing fees relating to loans subserviced for PMT are recognized in the month in which the loans are serviced. of the applicable activity. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 of the end of the quarter. of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that PFSI realizes due to (i) increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of the then existing unitholders and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to PFSI entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Although a reorganization of the Company in 2018 eliminated the potential for unitholders to exchange any additional units subject to this tax receivable agreement, the Company continues to be subject to the agreement and provide payment when applicable for units exchanged before the reorganization. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 of the fair market value of the MSRs related to all such mortgage loans. On June 30, 2020, the MSR recapture agreement was amended and restated for a term of (the 2020 MSR Recapture Agreement ). Effective July 1, 2020, the 2020 MSR Recapture agreement changes the recapture fee payable by the Company to a tiered amount equal to: of the fair market value of the MSRs relating to the recaptured loans subject to the first of the recapture rate of the fair market value of the MSRs relating to the recaptured loans subject to the recapture rate in excess of and up to ; and of the fair market value of the MSRs relating to the recaptured loans subject to the recapture rate in excess of . The recapture rate means, during each month, the ratio of (i) the aggregate UPB of all recaptured loans, to (ii) the aggregate UPB of all mortgage loans for which the Company held the MSRs and that were refinanced or otherwise paid off in such month. The Company has further agreed to allocate sufficient resources to target a recapture rate of . Fulfillment Services The Company provides PMT with certain mortgage banking services, including fulfillment and disposition-related services, for which it receives a monthly fulfillment fee. Through June 30, 2020, pursuant to the terms of a mortgage banking services agreement, the monthly fulfillment fee was an amount equal to: no greater than the product of (i) and (ii) the aggregate initial UPB (the Initial UPB of all mortgage loans purchased in such month, plus in the case of all mortgage loans other than those sold to or securitized through Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, no greater than the product of (i) and (ii) the aggregate Initial UPB of all such mortgage loans sold and securitized in such month; provided, however, that no fulfillment fee was due or payable to the Company with respect to any mortgage loans underwritten to the Ginnie Mae MBS Guide. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 for each pull-through adjusted loan commitment up to and including per quarter and for each pull-through adjusted loan commitment in excess of per quarter, plus multiplied by the number of purchased loans up to and including per quarter and multiplied by the number of purchased loans in excess of per quarter, plus multiplied by the number of all purchased loans that are sold or securitized to parties other than Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; provided however, that fulfillment fee shall be due or payable to PLS with respect to any Ginnie Mae loans, and as of October 1, 2022, certain Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac loans acquired by PLS. Sourcing Fees PMT does not hold the Ginnie Mae approval required to issue Ginnie Mae MBS and act as a servicer. Accordingly, under the agreement, the Company purchases mortgage loans underwritten in accordance with the Ginnie Mae MBS Guide as is and without recourse of any kind from PMT at PMT s cost less an administrative fee plus accrued interest and, through June 30, 2020, a sourcing fee ranging from to three and one-half basis points, generally based on the average number of calendar days mortgage loans are held by PMT before being purchased by the Company. Effective July 1, 2020, sourcing fee rates were revised to range from to basis points of the UPB, generally based on the average number of calendar days the loans are held by PMT before purchase by PLS. The Company may also acquire conventional loans from PMT on the same terms upon mutual agreement between PMT and the Company. While the Company purchases these mortgage loans as is and without recourse of any kind from PMT, where the Company has a claim for repurchase, indemnity or otherwise against a correspondent seller, it is entitled, at its sole expense, to pursue any such claim through or in the name of PMT. Following is a summary of loan production activities, including MSR recapture, between the Company and PMT: Mortgage servicing rights and excess servicing spread recapture incurred ) ) ) ) ) Sale of loans held for sale to PMT Tax service fees earned from PMT included in Loan origination fees Fulfillment fee revenue Unpaid principal balance of loans fulfilled for PMT subject to fulfillment fees Sourcing fees included in cost of loans purchased from PMT Unpaid principal balance of loans purchased from PMT 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Loan Servicing The Company and PMT have entered into a loan servicing agreement (the Servicing Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company provides subservicing for PMT s portfolio of MSRs, loans at fair value other than special servicing loans and loans held for sale (prime servicing) and its portfolio of residential mortgage loans purchased with credit deterioration (special servicing). The Servicing Agreement provides for servicing fees of per-loan monthly amounts based on the delinquency, bankruptcy and/or foreclosure status of the serviced loan or REO. The Company also remains entitled to customary ancillary income and market-based fees and charges relating to loans it services for PMT. Prime Servicing The base servicing fees for prime servicing loans are calculated through a monthly per-loan dollar amount, with the actual dollar amount for each loan based on whether the loan is a fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loan. The base servicing fee rates are per month for fixed-rate loans and per month for adjustable-rate loans. To the extent that prime servicing loans become delinquent, the Company receives an additional servicing fee per loan ranging from to per month based on the delinquency, bankruptcy and foreclosure status of the loan or per month if the underlying mortgaged property becomes REO. The Company is entitled to customary ancillary income and certain market-based fees and charges, including boarding and deboarding fees, liquidation and disposition fees, assumption, modification, origination fees and a percentage of late charges. Effective July 1, 2020, the Company receives certain fees for COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance and modification activities provided for under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). Special Servicing The base servicing fee rates for distressed loans range from per month for current loans up to per month for loans in foreclosure proceedings. The base servicing fee rate for REO is per month. The Company also receives a supplemental servicing fee of per month for each distressed loan. The Company receives activity-based fees for modifications, foreclosures and liquidations that it facilitates with respect to special servicing loans, as well as other market-based refinancing and loan disposition fees. The Company may also receive REO rental fees, property lease renewal fees, property management fees, tenant paid application fees, late rent fees, and third-party vendor fees associated with its management of REO. Following is a summary of loan servicing fees earned from PMT: Loans at fair value Mortgage servicing rights The Servicing Agreement expires on June 30, 2025. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 per year of PMT s average shareholders equity up to billion, (ii) per year of PMT s average shareholders equity in excess of billion and up to billion, and (iii) per year of PMT s average shareholders equity in excess of billion. The performance incentive fee is calculated quarterly at a defined annualized percentage of the amount by which PMT s net income, on a rolling four-quarter basis and before deducting the incentive fee, exceeds certain levels of return on equity. The performance incentive fee is equal to the sum of: (a) of the amount by which PMT s net income for the quarter exceeds (i) an return on equity plus the high watermark, up to (ii) a return on PMT s equity plus (b) of the amount by which PMT s net income for the quarter exceeds (i) a return on PMT s equity plus the high watermark, up to (ii) a return on PMT s equity plus (c) of the amount by which PMT s net income for the quarter exceeds a return on equity plus the high watermark. For the purpose of determining the amount of the performance incentive fee: Net income is defined as net income or loss attributable to PMT s common shares of beneficial interest computed in accordance with GAAP adjusted for certain other non-cash charges determined after discussions between the Company and PMT s independent trustees and approval by a majority of PMT s independent trustees. Equity is the weighted average of the issue price per common share of all of PMT s public offerings, multiplied by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (including restricted share units) in the rolling four-quarter period. The high watermark is the quarterly adjustment that reflects the amount by which the net income (stated as a percentage of return on equity in that quarter exceeds or falls short of the lesser of and the average Fannie Mae 30-year MBS yield (the Target Yield for the four quarters then ended. If the net income is less than the Target Yield, the high watermark is increased by the difference. If the net income is more than the Target Yield, the high watermark is reduced by the difference. Each time a performance incentive fee is earned, the high watermark returns to . As a result, the threshold amounts required for the Company to earn a performance incentive fee are adjusted cumulatively based on the performance of PMT s net income over (or under) the Target Yield, until the net income in excess of the Target Yield exceeds the then-current cumulative high watermark amount, and a performance incentive fee is earned. The base management fee and the performance incentive fee are both receivable quarterly in arrears. The performance incentive fee may be paid in cash or a combination of cash and PMT s common shares (subject to a limit of no more than paid in common shares), at PMT s option. In the event of termination of the Management Agreement between PMT and the Company, the Company may be entitled to a termination fee in certain circumstances. The termination fee is equal to three times the sum of (a) the average annual base management fee, and (b) the average annual performance incentive fee earned by the Company, in each case during the 24-month period immediately preceding the date of termination. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Performance incentive Expense Reimbursement Under the Management Agreement, PMT reimburses the Company for its organizational and operating expenses, including third-party expenses, incurred on PMT s behalf, it being understood that the Company and its affiliates shall allocate a portion of their personnel s time to provide certain legal, tax and investor relations services for the direct benefit of PMT. With respect to the allocation of the Company s and its affiliates personnel compensation, the Company was reimbursed per fiscal quarter through June 30, 2020. On June 30, 2020, the Management Agreement was amended and restated for a term of (the 2020 Management Agreement ). The terms of the 2020 Management Agreement are materially consistent with those of the prior management agreement, except that, effective July 1, 2020, PMT s reimbursement of PCM s and its affiliate s compensation expenses was increased from to per fiscal quarter, such amount to be reviewed annually and not preclude reimbursement for any other services performed by the Company or its affiliates. PMT is also required to pay its pro rata portion of rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture, equipment, machinery and other office, internal and overhead expenses of the Company and its affiliates required for PMT s and its subsidiaries operations. These expenses are allocated based on the ratio of PMT s proportion of gross assets compared to all remaining gross assets managed or owned by the Company and/or its affiliates as calculated at each fiscal quarter end. The Company received reimbursements from PMT for expenses as follows: Common overhead incurred by the Company Compensation Payments and settlements during the year (1) 

 (1) Payments and settlements include payments for the operating, investing and financing activities summarized in this note and netting settlements made pursuant to master netting agreements between the Company and PMT. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Investing Activities Master Repurchase Agreement The Company, through PLS, has a master repurchase agreement with of PMT s wholly-owned subsidiaries, PennyMac Holdings, LLC PMH (the PMH Repurchase Agreement ), pursuant to which PMH may borrow from the Company for the purpose of financing PMH s participation certificates representing beneficial ownership in ESS under the Spread Acquisition Agreement. PLS then re-pledges such participation certificates to PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST (the Issuer Trust under a master repurchase agreement by and among PLS, the Issuer Trust and PNMAC, as guarantor (the PC Repurchase Agreement ). The Issuer Trust was formed for the purpose of allowing PLS to finance MSRs and ESS relating to such MSRs (the GNMA MSR Facility ). In the first quarter of 2021, PLS repurchased the ESS from PMH at fair market value, effectively terminating the borrowing arrangements allowing PMH to finance its participation certificates representing beneficial ownership in ESS. Such ESS is now included in PLS s participation certificates representing beneficial ownership in ESS and MSRs, which PLS pledges in connection with the GNMA MSR Facility. The Company holds an investment in PMT in the form of common shares of beneficial interest. Following is a summary of investing activities between the Company and PMT: Interest income Balance at end of year Common shares of beneficial interest of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust: Activity during the year: Dividends earned from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Change in fair value of investment in common shares of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) ) ) ) Balance at end of year: Fair value Number of shares Financing Activities Spread Acquisition and MSR Servicing Agreements The Company has an amended and restated a master spread acquisition and MSR servicing agreement with PMT (the Spread Acquisition Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company may sell to PMT, from time to time, the right to receive participation certificates representing beneficial ownership in ESS arising from Ginnie Mae MSRs acquired by the Company, in which case the Company generally would be required to service or subservice the related mortgage loans for Ginnie Mae. The primary purpose of the amendment and restatement was to facilitate the continued financing of the ESS owned by PMT in connection with the parties participation in the GNMA MSR Facility. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 , the Company may, at its option, pay cash to PMT in an amount equal to such fair market value in lieu of transferring such ESS. During the quarter ended March 31, 2021, the Company repaid its outstanding ESS financing through the repurchase of the ESS from PMT. Following is a summary of financing activities between the Company and PMT: Issuance pursuant to recapture agreement Accrual of interest Change in fair value ) Repayment ) ) Balance at end of year Recapture incurred pursuant to refinancings by the Company of mortgage loans subject to excess servicing spread financing included in Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value Receivable from and Payable to PMT Amounts receivable from and payable to PMT are summarized below: Management fees Correspondent production fees Servicing fees Fulfillment fees Payable to PMT: Amounts advanced by PMT to fund its servicing advances Other 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 Exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC Unitholders On May 8, 2013, as part of a reorganization of PNMAC, the Company entered into a tax receivable agreement with certain former owners of PNMAC that provides for the payment from time to time by the Company to PNMAC s exchanged unitholders of an amount equal to of the amount of the net tax benefits, if any, that the Company is deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in tax basis of PNMAC s assets resulting from exchanges of ownership interests in PNMAC and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Although a reorganization in November 2018 eliminated the potential for unitholders to exchange any additional units subject to this tax receivable agreement, the Company continues to be subject to the agreement and will be required to make payments, to the extent any of the tax benefits specified above are deemed to be realized, under the tax receivable agreement to those certain prior owners of PNMAC who effected exchanges of ownership interests in PNMAC for the Company s common stock before the closing of the reorganization. Following is a summary of activity in Payable to exchanged Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC unitholders under tax receivable agreement : Repricing of liability ) ) Balance at end of year Townsgate Closing Services LLC On December 27, 2022, the Company advanced to one of its joint ventures, Townsgate Closing Services, LLC, under a revolving loan agreement. The revolving agreement has a maximum commitment amount of million, matures on December 27, 2027 and earns interest, initially per year, subject to semi-annual adjustment indexed to the as determined by Tradeweb/Bloomberg. The outstanding balance is included in Other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Donor Advised Fund During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company contributed million and million, respectively, to a donor advised fund for the purpose of making charitable contributions. such contributions were made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 Servicing fees received The following table summarizes the UPB of the loans sold by the Company in which it maintains continuing involvement: Delinquent loans (1): 30-89 days 90 days or more: Not in foreclosure In foreclosure Foreclosed Loans in bankruptcy Delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance plans: 30-89 days 90 days or more 

 (1) Includes delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance plans that were requested by borrowers seeking payment relief in accordance with the CARES Act. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables summarize the UPB of the Company s loan servicing portfolio: Purchased PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Loans held for sale Delinquent loans (1): 30 days 60 days 90 days or more: Not in foreclosure In foreclosure Foreclosed Loans in bankruptcy Delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance plans: 30 days 60 days 90 days or more Custodial funds managed by the Company (2) 

 (1) Includes delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance plans that were requested by borrowers seeking payment relief in accordance with the CARES Act. (2) Custodial funds are cash accounts holding funds on behalf of borrowers and investors relating to loans serviced under servicing agreements and are not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company earns placement fees on certain of the custodial funds it manages on behalf of the loans borrowers and investors. Placement fees are included in Interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 Purchased PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Loans held for sale Delinquent loans (1): 30 days 60 days 90 days or more: Not in foreclosure In foreclosure Foreclosed Loans in bankruptcy Delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance plans: 30 days 60 days 90 days or more Custodial funds managed by the Company (2) 

 (1) Includes delinquent loans in COVID-19 pandemic-related forbearance plans that were requested by borrowers seeking payment relief in accordance with the CARES Act. (2) Custodial funds are cash accounts holding funds on behalf of borrowers and investors relating to loans serviced under servicing agreements and are not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company earns placement fees on certain of the custodial funds it manages on behalf of the loans borrowers and investors. Placement fees are included in Interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of income. Following is a summary of the geographical distribution of loans included in the Company s servicing portfolio for the top five and all other states as measured by UPB: Florida Texas Virginia Maryland All other states 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 Loans held for sale at fair value Derivative assets: Interest rate lock commitments Forward purchase contracts Forward sales contracts MBS put options Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts Total derivative assets before netting Netting ) Total derivative assets Mortgage servicing rights at fair value Investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Liabilities: Derivative liabilities: Interest rate lock commitments Forward purchase contracts Forward sales contracts Put options on interest rate futures sales contracts Total derivative liabilities before netting Netting ) Total derivative liabilities Mortgage servicing liabilities at fair value 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 Loans held for sale at fair value Derivative assets: Interest rate lock commitments Forward purchase contracts Forward sales contracts MBS put options Swaption purchase contracts Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts Total derivative assets before netting Netting ) Total derivative assets Mortgage servicing rights at fair value Investment in PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Liabilities: Derivative liabilities: Interest rate lock commitments Forward purchase contracts Forward sales contracts Total derivative liabilities before netting Netting ) Total derivative liabilities Mortgage servicing liabilities at fair value 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 As shown above, certain of the Company s loans held for sale, IRLCs, repurchase agreement derivatives, MSRs, ESS and MSLs are measured using Level 3 fair value inputs. Following are roll forwards of assets and liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 fair value inputs at either the beginning or the end of the year presented for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022: Purchases and issuances, net Capitalization of interest and advances Sales and repayments ) ) Mortgage servicing rights resulting from loan sales Changes in fair value included in income arising from: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) ) Other factors ) ) ) ) ) ) Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 ) ) Transfers to real estate acquired in settlement of loans ) ) Transfers to loans held for sale ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to assets still held at December 31, 2022 ) 

 (1) For the purpose of this table, the IRLC asset and liability positions are shown net. 

Year ended Liabilities December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Mortgage servicing liabilities: Balance, December 31, 2021 Changes in fair value included in income ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to liabilities still outstanding at December 31, 2022 ) 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 Purchases and issuances, net Capitalization of interest and advances Sales and repayments ) ) Mortgage servicing rights resulting from loan sales Changes in fair value included in income arising from: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk Other factors ) ) ) Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 ) ) Transfer to real estate acquired in settlement of loans ) ) Transfers to loans held for sale ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to assets still held at December 31, 2021 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Excess servicing Mortgage spread servicing Liabilities financing liabilities Total (in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2020 Issuance of excess servicing spread financing pursuant to a recapture agreement with PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Accrual of interest Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from loan sales Changes in fair value included in income ) ) Repayments ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to liabilities still outstanding at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 Purchases and issuances, net Capitalization of interest and advances Sales and repayments ) ) ) Mortgage servicing rights resulting from loan sales Changes in fair value included in income arising from: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk Other factors ) ) ) ) Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 ) ) Transfers to real estate acquired in settlement of loans ) ) Transfers to loans held for sale ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to assets still held at December 31, 2020 ) ) 

 (1) For the purpose of this table, the IRLC asset and liability positions are shown net. Year ended December 31, 2020 Excess servicing Mortgage spread servicing Liabilities financing liabilities Total (in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2019 Issuance of excess servicing spread financing pursuant to a recapture agreement with PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Accrual of interest Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from loan sales Changes in fair value included in income ) ) ) Repayments ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Changes in fair value recognized during the year relating to liabilities still outstanding at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) The Company had transfers among the fair value levels arising from the return to salability in the active secondary market of certain loans held for sale and from transfers of IRLCs to loans held for sale at fair value upon purchase or funding. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents) ) Mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Liabilities: Excess servicing spread financing payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) ) Mortgage servicing liabilities Following are the fair value and related principal amounts due upon maturity of assets accounted for under the fair value option: 90 days or more delinquent: Not in foreclosure ) ) In foreclosure ) ) Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Following is a summary of assets held at year end that were measured based on fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the year: December 31, 2021 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the total net losses recognized on assets measured based on fair values on a nonrecurring basis during the year: Fair Value of Financial Instruments Carried at Amortized Cost The Company s Assets sold under agreements to repurchase , Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements, Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets, Unsecured senior notes and Obligations under capital lease are carried at amortized cost. These assets and liabilities are classified as Level 3 fair value items due to the Company s reliance on unobservable inputs to estimate their fair values. The Company has concluded that the fair values of these liabilities other than the Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets and the Unsecured senior notes approximate their carrying values due to their short terms and/or variable interest rates. The Company estimates the fair value of the Term Notes and the Unsecured senior notes based on non-affiliate broker indications of fair value. The fair value and carrying value of these notes are summarized below: Unsecured senior notes Valuation Governance Most of the Company s financial assets, and all of its derivatives, MSRs, ESS, and MSLs, are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current period income. Certain of the Company s financial assets and derivatives and all of its MSRs, ESS, and MSLs are Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities which require use of unobservable inputs that are significant to the estimation of the items fair values. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own judgments about the factors that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability, and are based on the best information available under the circumstances. Due to the difficulty in estimating the fair values of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities, the Company has assigned responsibility for estimating the fair value of these assets and liabilities to specialized staff and subjects the valuation process to significant senior management oversight: The Company s Financial Analysis and Valuation group (the FAV group is responsible for estimating the fair values of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities other than IRLCs and maintaining its valuation policies and procedures. The Company s Capital Markets Risk Management staff develops the fair value of the Company s IRLCs which is reviewed by its Capital Markets Operations group. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 Key inputs (1): Discount rate: Range Weighted average Twelve-month projected housing price index change: Range ) ) Weighted average ) Voluntary prepayment/resale speed (2): Range Weighted average Total prepayment/resale speed (3): Range Weighted average 

 (1) Weighted average inputs are based on fair value of the Level 3 loans. (2) Voluntary prepayment/resale speed is measured using Life Voluntary Conditional Prepayment Rate CPR ). (3) Total prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR, which includes both voluntary and involuntary prepayment/resale rates. Changes in fair value relating to loans held for sale as the result of changes in the loan s instrument specific credit risk are indicated by successful modifications of the loan s terms or changes in the respective loan s delinquency status and performance history at year end from the later of the beginning of the year or acquisition date. Changes in fair value of loans held for sale are included in Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value in the Company s consolidated statements of income. Derivative Financial Instruments Interest Rate Lock Commitments The Company categorizes IRLCs as Level 3 fair value assets or liabilities. The Company estimates the fair value of IRLCs based on quoted Agency MBS prices, its estimate of the fair value of the MSRs it expects to receive in the sale of the loans and the probability that the loans will fund or be purchased (the pull-through rate ). The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s IRLCs are the pull-through rate and the MSR component of the Company s estimate of the fair value of the mortgage loans it has committed to purchase. Significant changes in the pull-through rate or the MSR component of the IRLCs, in isolation, could result in significant changes in the IRLCs fair value measurement. The financial effects of changes in these inputs are generally inversely correlated as increasing interest rates have a positive effect on the MSR component of IRLC fair value, but increase the pull-through rate for the loan principal and interest payment cash flow component, which has decreased in fair value. Initial recognition and changes in fair value of IRLCs are included in Net gains on loans acquired for sale at fair value in the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 Key inputs (2): Pull-through rate: Range Weighted average Mortgage servicing rights fair value expressed as: Servicing fee multiple: Range ) ) Weighted average Percentage of loan commitment amount Range ) ) Weighted average 

 (1) For purposes of this table, the IRLC assets and liability positions are shown net. (2) Weighted average inputs are based on the committed amounts. Hedging Derivatives Hedging derivatives that are actively traded on exchanges are categorized by the Company as Level 1 fair value assets and liabilities. Hedging derivatives whose fair values are based on observable MBS prices or interest rate volatilities in the MBS market are categorized as Level 2 fair value assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of hedging derivatives are included in Net gains on loans acquired for sale at fair value, or Net loan servicing fees Mortgage servicing rights hedging results , as applicable, in the consolidated statements of income. Mortgage Servicing Rights MSRs are categorized as Level 3 fair value assets. The Company uses a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of MSRs. The key inputs used in the estimation of the fair value of MSRs include the applicable prepayment rate (prepayment speed), pricing spread (discount rate), and annual per-loan cost to service the underlying loans, all of which are unobservable. Significant changes to any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significant change in the MSR fair value measurement. Changes in these key inputs are not directly related. Changes in the fair value of MSRs are included in Net loan servicing fees Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities in the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 Pool characteristics: Unpaid principal balance of underlying loans Weighted average servicing fee rate (in basis points) Key inputs (1): Annual total prepayment speed (2): Range Weighted average Equivalent average life (in years): Range Weighted average Pricing spread (3): Range Weighted average Annual per-loan cost of servicing: Range Weighted average 

 (1) Weighted average inputs are based on UPB of the underlying loans. (2) Annual total prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR, which includes both voluntary and involuntary prepayments. Equivalent average life is provided as supplementary information. (3) Pricing spread represents a margin that is applied to a reference interest rate s forward rate curve to develop periodic discount rates. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company applies a pricing spread to the United States Treasury Treasury Securities yield curve for purposes of discounting cash flows relating to MSRs. Through December 31, 2021, the Company applied its pricing spread to the United States Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR )/swap curve. The change in reference interest rate from the LIBOR/swap curve to the Treasury yield curve did not have a significant effect on the Company s fair value measurement of MSRs. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 Following is a quantitative summary of key inputs used in the valuation of the Company s MSRs at year end and the effect on the fair value from adverse changes in those inputs: Pool characteristics: Unpaid principal balance of underlying loans Weighted average note interest rate Weighted average servicing fee rate (in basis points) Key inputs (1): Annual total prepayment speed (2): Range Weighted average Equivalent average life (in years): Range Weighted average Effect on fair value of (3): 5 adverse change 10 adverse change 20 adverse change Pricing spread (4): Range Weighted average Effect on fair value of (3): 5 adverse change 10 adverse change 20 adverse change Per-loan annual cost of servicing: Range Weighted average Effect on fair value of (3): 5 adverse change 10 adverse change 20 adverse change 

 (1) Weighted average inputs are based on UPB of the underlying loans. (2) Annual total prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR , which includes both voluntary and involuntary prepayments . Equivalent average life is provided as supplementary information. (3) These sensitivity analyses are limited in that they were performed as of a particular date; only contemplate the movements in the indicated inputs; do not incorporate changes to other inputs; are subject to the accuracy of the models and inputs used; and do not incorporate other factors that would affect the Company s overall financial performance in such events, including operational adjustments made to account for changing circumstances. For these reasons, these estimates should not be viewed as earnings forecasts. (4) Effective January 1, 2022, the Company applies a pricing spread to the Treasury yield curve for purposes of discounting cash flows relating to MSRs. Through December 31, 2021, the Company applied its pricing spread to the United States Dollar LIBOR/swap curve. The change in reference interest rate from the LIBOR/swap curve to the Treasury yield curve did not have a significant effect on the Company s fair value measurement of MSRs. 
 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 Excess Servicing Spread Financing at Fair Value ESS is categorized as a Level 3 fair value liability. Because ESS is a claim to a portion of the cash flows from MSRs, the Company s approach to fair value measurement of ESS is similar to that of MSRs. The Company uses the same discounted cash flow approach to measuring ESS as it uses to measure MSRs except that certain inputs relating to the cost to service the mortgage loans underlying the MSRs and certain ancillary income are not included as these cash flows do not accrue to the holder of ESS. The key inputs used in the estimation of ESS fair value include pricing spread (discount rate) and prepayment speed. Significant changes to either of those inputs in isolation could result in a significant change in the fair value of ESS. Changes in these key inputs are not necessarily directly related. ESS is generally subject to fair value increases when mortgage interest rates increase. Increasing mortgage interest rates normally discourage mortgage refinancing activity. Decreased refinancing activity increases the life of the mortgage loans underlying the ESS, thereby increasing its fair value. Changes in the fair value of ESS are included in Net loan servicing fees Change in fair value of excess servicing spread payable to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust. During the quarter ended March 31, 2021, the Company repaid its outstanding ESS financing payable to PMT. Mortgage Servicing Liabilities MSLs are categorized as Level 3 fair value liabilities. The Company uses a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of MSLs. The key inputs used in the estimation of the fair value of MSLs include the applicable pricing spread, annual total prepayment speed, and the per-loan annual cost of servicing the underlying loans. Changes in the fair value of MSLs are included in Net servicing fees Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities in the consolidated statements of income. Following are the key inputs used in determining the fair value of MSLs: Pool characteristics: Unpaid principal balance of underlying loans (in thousands) Servicing fee rate (in basis points) Key inputs (1): Annual total prepayment speed (2) Equivalent average life (in years) Pricing spread (3) Per-loan annual cost of servicing 

 (1) Weighted average inputs are based on UPB of the underlying mortgage loans. (2) Annual total prepayment speed is measured using Life Total CPR, which includes both voluntary and involuntary prepayments. Equivalent average life is provided as supplementary information. (3) Effective January 1, 2022, the Company applies a pricing spread to the Treasury yield curve for purposes of discounting cash flows relating to MSLs. Through December 31, 2021, the Company applied its pricing spread to the United States Dollar London LIBOR/swap curve. The change in reference interest rate from the LIBOR/swap curve to the Treasury yield curve did not have a significant effect on the Company s fair value measurement of MSLs. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 Conventional conforming Jumbo Home equity loans Purchased from Ginnie Mae securities serviced by the Company Repurchased pursuant to representations and warranties Fair value of loans pledged to secure: Assets sold under agreements to repurchase Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements Subject to master netting arrangements (2): Forward purchase contracts Forward sales contracts MBS put options Swaption purchase contracts Put options on interest rate futures purchase contracts Call options on interest rate futures purchase contracts Put options on interest rate futures sale contracts Treasury futures purchase contracts Treasury futures sale contracts Interest rate swap futures purchase contracts Interest rate swap futures sale contracts Total derivatives before netting Netting ) ) ) ) Deposits placed with (received from) derivative counterparties included in the derivative balances above, net ) 

 (1) Notional amounts provide an indication of the volume of the Company s derivative activity. (2) All of the derivatives used for hedging purposes are interest rate derivatives and are used as economic hedges. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 Derivative Assets, Financial Instruments, and Cash Collateral Held by Counterparty The following table summarizes by significant counterparty the amount of derivative asset positions after considering master netting arrangements and financial instruments or cash pledged that do not meet the accounting guidance qualifying for netting. RJ O Brien Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. Goldman Sachs Citibank, N.A. Bank of America, N.A. Others 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 Derivative Liabilities, Financial Instruments, and Collateral Held by Counterparty The following table summarizes by significant counterparty the amount of derivative liabilities and assets sold under agreements to repurchase after considering master netting arrangements and financial instruments or cash pledged that do not qualify under the accounting guidance for netting. All assets sold under agreements to repurchase are secured by sufficient collateral or have fair value that exceeds the liability amount recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC ) ) Bank of America, N.A. ) ) Royal Bank of Canada ) ) BNP Paribas ) ) Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. ) ) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ) ) Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. ) ) Citibank, N.A. ) ) Barclays Capital ) ) Goldman Sachs ) ) Others ) ) 

 (1) Amounts represent the UPB of Assets sold under agreements to repurchase . Following are the gains (losses) recognized by the Company on derivative financial instruments and the income statement line items where such gains and losses are included: ) Repurchase agreement derivatives Interest expense Hedged item: Interest rate lock commitments and loans held for sale Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value ) Mortgage servicing rights Net loan servicing fees Mortgage servicing rights hedging results ) ) 

 (1) Represents net change in fair value of IRLCs from the beginning to the end of the year. Amounts recognized at the date of commitment and fair value changes recognized during the period until purchase of the underlying loans are shown in the rollforward of IRLCs for the year in Note 6 Fair Value Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 Additions: MSRs resulting from loan sales Purchases Change in fair value due to: Changes in inputs used in valuation model (1) ) ) Other changes in fair value (2) ) ) ) Total change in fair value ) ) Balance at end of year Unpaid principal balance of underlying loans at end of year December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Fair value of mortgage servicing rights pledged to secure Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets 

 (1) Principally reflects changes in pricing spread, annual total prepayment speed, per loan annual cost of servicing and UPB of underlying loan inputs. (2) Represents changes due to realization of cash flows. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage Servicing Liabilities Carried at Fair Value: The activity in MSLs carried at fair value is summarized below: Mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from loan sales Changes in fair value due to: Changes in inputs used in valuation model (1) ) ) Other changes in fair value (2) ) ) ) Total change in fair value ) ) ) Balance at end of period Unpaid principal balance of underlying loans at end of year 

 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2021, significant changes were made to valuation inputs used to estimate the fair value of MSLs in recognition of the observed increase in the proportion of performing government insured or guaranteed loans and reduced expected costs and losses from defaulted government insured or guaranteed loans underlying the Company s MSLs. (2) Represents changes due to realization of cash flows. Contractual servicing fees relating to MSRs and MSLs are recorded in Net loan servicing fees Loan servicing fees From non-affiliates on the consolidated statements of income; late charges and other ancillary fees relating to MSRs and MSLs are recorded in Net loan servicing fees Loan servicing fees Other on the Company s consolidated statements of income. Such amounts are summarized below: Other fees: Late charges Other 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 to ; some of these operating lease agreements include options to their terms for up to . None of the Company s operating lease agreements require the Company to make variable lease payments. The Company s leases are summarized below: Short-term leases Sublease income ) Net lease expense included in Occupancy and equipment Other information: Payments for operating leases Operating lease right-of-use assets recognized Period end weighted averages: Remaining lease term (in years) Discount rate The maturities of the Company s operating lease liabilities are summarized below: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Operating lease liability 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 Margin deposits Prepaid expenses Servicing fees receivable, net Furniture, fixtures, equipment and building improvements, net Other servicing receivables Interest receivable Deposits securing Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets Real estate acquired in settlement of loans Derivative settlements receivable Other Other assets pledged to secure: Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets Obligations under capital lease : Capitalized software, net Furniture, fixture, equipment and building improvements, net Capitalized software is summarized below: Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Amortization and impairment expenses relating to capitalized software are summarized below: Impairment Furniture, fixtures, equipment and building improvements are summarized below: Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses are summarized below: billion. Under the FMSR PC Repurchase Agreement, PLS grants to PFSI ISSUER TRUST FMSR a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and under participation certificates representing beneficial interests in MSRs and ESS, including all of its rights and interests in any MSRs and ESS it thereafter owns or acquires. The principal amount paid by PFSI ISSUER TRUST - FMSR for the participation certificates under the FMSR PC Repurchase Agreement is based upon a percentage of the market value of the underlying MSRs (inclusive of the ESS). Upon PLS s repurchase of the participation certificates, PLS is required to repay PFSI ISSUER TRUST - FMSR the principal amount relating thereto plus accrued interest (at a rate reflective of the current market and consistent with the weighted average note rate of the FMSR VFN and any outstanding term notes) to the date of such repurchase. PLS also entered into a master repurchase agreement on April 28, 2021 (the FMSR VFN Repurchase Agreement with Credit Cuisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC CSFB ), as administrative agent, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch CSCIB ), as purchaser, pursuant to which PLS sold the FMSR VFN to CSCIB with an agreement to repurchase such FMSR VFN at a later date. The FMSR VFN Repurchase Agreement has a term extending through May 31, 2024. The FMSR VFN Repurchase Agreement provides for a maximum purchase price of million, all of which is committed. The principal amount paid by CSCIB for the FMSR VFN is based upon a percentage of the market value of such FMSR VFN. Upon PLS s repurchase of the FMSR VFN, PLS is required to repay CSCIB the principal amount relating thereto plus accrued interest (at a rate reflective of the current market based on a spread above SOFR to the date of such repurchase). 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 billion. On July 30, 2021, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries PLS, PNMAC and the Issuer Trust, entered into agreements to syndicate existing variable funding note repurchase agreements as part of the Ginnie Mae MSR structured finance facility. The Company entered into an Amended and Restated Series 2016-MSRVF1 Master Repurchase Agreement by and among PLS, as seller, CSFB, as administrative agent to the buyers, CSCIB, as a buyer, Citibank, N.A., as a buyer, and PNMAC, as a guarantor (the Syndicated GMSR Servicing Spread Agreement ), related to the servicing spread. The Syndicated GMSR Servicing Spread Agreement added Citibank as a syndicate buyer of MSRs and related ESS, and increased the borrowing capacity from to million, all of which is committed on a 50-50 pro rata basis between CSCIB and Citibank. Ginnie Mae Servicing Advances On April 1, 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries PLS, PNMAC and the PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST, issued a series of variable funding notes, the Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Notes GMSR Servicing Advance Notes ), to be sold under agreement to repurchase pursuant to a Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, with Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC, acting as administrative agent on behalf of Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as buyer (the GMSR Servicing Advances Repurchase Agreement ). The GMSR Servicing Advances Repurchase Agreement provides the Company with financing secured by servicing advance receivables to pay, in accordance with the Ginnie Mae requirements, in the event borrowers are delinquent: (i) regularly scheduled monthly principal and interest to mortgage-backed securities holders; (ii) taxes, homeowner s insurance, and other escrowed items; and (iii) other expenses related to servicing delinquent loans as specified by (A) state and federal laws and (B) government agencies, including the FHA, the VA, and the USDA. On July 30, 2021, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries PLS, PNMAC and the Issuer Trust, entered into agreements to syndicate existing variable funding note repurchase agreements, as part of the Ginnie Mae servicing advance facility. The Company entered into an Amended and Restated Series 2020-SPIADVF1 Master Repurchase Agreement by and among PLS, as seller, CSFB, as administrative agent to the buyers, CSCIB, as a buyer, Citibank, as a buyer, and PNMAC, as a guarantor (the Syndicated GMSR SAR Agreement ). The Syndicated GMSR SAR Agreement added Citibank as a syndicate buyer of servicing advances receivables and provides a million borrowing capacity, all of which is committed on a 50-50 pro rata basis between CSCIB and Citibank. Assets sold under agreements to repurchase are summarized below: Weighted average interest rate (1) Total interest expense Maximum daily amount outstanding 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 Uncommitted facilities Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Weighted average interest rate Available borrowing capacity (2): Committed Uncommitted Fair value of assets securing repurchase agreements: Loans held for sale Servicing advances (3) Mortgage servicing rights (3) Deposits (3) 

 (1) Excludes the effect of amortization of debt issuance costs totaling million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (2) The amount the Company is able to borrow under asset repurchase agreements is tied to the fair value of unencumbered assets eligible to secure those agreements and the Company s ability to fund the agreements margin requirements relating to the assets financed. Certain of the debt financing agreements contain a condition precedent to obtaining additional funding that requires PLS to maintain positive net income for at least one of the previous two consecutive quarters. (3) Beneficial interests in the Ginnie Mae MSRs, servicing advances and deposits are pledged to the Issuer Trust and together serve as the collateral backing the VFN, GMSR Servicing Advance Notes, and the Term Notes described in Note 13 Long-Term Debt Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets . The VFN financing and the GMSR Servicing Advance Notes financing are included in Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and the Term Notes are included in Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Following is a summary of maturities of outstanding advances under repurchase agreements by maturity date: Over 30 to 90 days Over 90 to 180 days Over 180 days to one year Over one year to two years Total assets sold under agreements to repurchase Weighted average maturity (in months) 

 (1) The Company is subject to margin calls during the period the agreements are outstanding and therefore may be required to repay a portion of the borrowings before the respective agreements mature if the fair value (as determined by the applicable lender) of the assets securing those agreements decreases. 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 The amounts at risk (the fair value of the assets pledged plus the related margin deposits, less the amounts advanced by the counterparty and interest payable) relating to the Company s assets sold under agreements to repurchase are summarized by counterparty below as of December 31, 2022: May 31, 2024 May 31, 2024 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC March 1, 2023 May 31, 2024 Bank of America, N.A. March 16, 2023 June 5, 2024 Royal Bank of Canada April 12, 2023 December 14, 2023 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (EBO facility) February 14, 2023 October 11, 2024 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (warehouse facility) February 26, 2023 June 17, 2024 BNP Paribas March 19, 2023 July 31, 2024 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. March 16, 2023 November 17, 2023 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. March 6, 2023 January 3, 2024 Barclays Bank PLC November 13, 2024 November 13, 2024 Goldman Sachs March 19, 2023 December 23, 2023 Citibank, N.A. February 12, 2023 April 26, 2024 

 (1) The calculation of the amount at risk includes the VFN and the Term Notes because beneficial interests in the Ginnie Mae MSRs, Fannie Mae MSRs and servicing advances are pledged to the Issuer Trust and together serve as the collateral backing the VFN and the Term Notes described in Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets below. The VFN financing is included in Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and the Term Notes are included in Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Mortgage Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreements Certain of the borrowing facilities secured by mortgage loans held for sale are in the form of mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements. Participation certificates, each of which represents an undivided beneficial ownership interest in mortgage loans that have been pooled into Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae securities, are sold to a lender pending the securitization of the mortgage loans and sale of the resulting securities which generally occurs within 30 days. A commitment to sell the securities resulting from the pending securitization between the Company and a non-affiliate is also assigned to the lender at the time a participation certificate is sold. The purchase price paid by the lender for each participation certificate is based on the trade price of the security, plus an amount of interest expected to accrue on the security to its anticipated delivery date, minus a present value adjustment, any related hedging costs and a holdback amount that is based on a percentage of the purchase price. The holdback amount is not required to be paid to the Company until the settlement of the security and its delivery to the lender. The mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements are summarized below: Weighted average interest rate (1) Total interest expense Maximum daily amount outstanding 

 (1) Excludes the effect of amortization of debt issuance costs totaling , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) Weighted average interest rate Fair value of loans pledged to secure mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements One-month LIBOR 2/25/2023 (2) August 10, 2018 One-month LIBOR 8/25/2023 June 3, 2022 SOFR 5/25/2027 

 (1) The Term Notes indentures provide the Company with the option to extend the maturity of the Term Notes by two years after the stated maturity. (2) In January 2023, the Company exercised its option to extend the maturity for . MSR Note Payable On December 16, 2022, the Company issued a note payable that is secured by Freddie Mac MSRs. Interest is charged at a rate based on plus a spread as defined in the agreement. The facility expires on November 13, 2024. The maximum amount that the Company may borrow under the note payable is million, million of which is committed and which may be reduced by other debt outstanding with the counterparty. 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average interest rate (1) Total interest expense 

 (1) Excludes the effect of amortization of debt issuance costs totaling million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Carrying value: Unpaid principal balance: Term Notes MSR Note Payable Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Weighted average interest rate Assets pledged to secure notes payable (1): Servicing advances Mortgage servicing rights Deposits 

 (1) Beneficial interests in the Ginnie Mae MSRs, servicing advances and deposits are pledged to the Issuer Trust and together serve as the collateral for the VFN, the GMSR Servicing Advance Notes and any outstanding Term Notes. The VFN financing and the GMSR Servicing Advance Notes financing are included in Assets sold under agreements to repurchase and the Term Notes are included in Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Unsecured Senior Notes The Company issued unsecured senior notes (the Unsecured Notes to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act. The Unsecured Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and will rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Company, equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company and effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness of the Company to the extent of the fair value of collateral securing such indebtedness. The Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by PFSI s existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (other than certain excluded subsidiaries defined in the indenture under which the Unsecured Notes were issued). The guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of the guarantors and will rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the guarantors, equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the guarantors and effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness of the guarantors to the extent of the fair value of collateral securing such indebtedness. The Unsecured Notes and the guarantees are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Unsecured Notes. 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 October 15, 2025 October 15, 2022 October 19, 2020 October 15, 2025 October 15, 2022 February 11, 2021 February 15, 2029 February 15, 2024 September 16, 2021 September 15, 2031 September 15, 2026 

 (1) Before the optional redemption date, the Company may redeem some or all of the Unsecured Notes for that issuance at a price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium or the Company may redeem up to of the Unsecured Notes for that issuance with an amount equal to or less than the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in the indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. On or after the optional redemption date, the Company may redeem some or all of the Unsecured Notes for that issuance at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Weighted average interest rate (1) Total interest expense 

 (1) Excludes the effect of amortization of debt issuance costs of million, million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Carrying value: Unpaid principal balance Unamortized debt issuance costs and premiums, net ) ) Weighted average interest rate Obligations Under Capital Lease The Company had a capital lease transaction secured by certain fixed assets and capitalized software. The capital lease matured on June 13, 2022, and bore interest at a spread over one-month LIBOR. Obligations under capital lease are summarized below: Weighted average interest rate Total interest expense Maximum daily amount outstanding 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average interest rate Assets pledged to secure obligations under capital lease: Capitalized software Furniture, fixtures and equipment Maturities of Long-Term Debt Maturities of long-term debt obligations (based on final maturity dates) are as follows: Unsecured senior notes Total 

 (1) The Term Notes indentures provide the Company with the option to extend the maturity of the Term Notes by two years after their stated maturities. In January 2023, the Company exercised its option to extend the maturity of million Term Notes originally due on February 25, 2023 for . Provision for losses: Resulting from sales of loans Resulting from change in estimate ) ) ) Losses incurred ) ) ) Balance at end of year Unpaid principal balance of loans subject to representations and warranties at end of year 
 F-55 

Table of Contents) State ) Total current (benefit) expense ) Deferred expense: Federal State Total deferred expense Total provision for income taxes The following table is a reconciliation of the Company s provision for income taxes at statutory rates to the provision for income taxes at the Company s effective tax rate: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Tax rate revaluation ) Other ) Effective income tax rate The components of the Company s provision for deferred income taxes are as follows: Net operating loss ) Reserves and losses ) Compensation accruals ) ) Additional tax basis in partnership from exchanges of partnership units into the Company s common stock California franchise taxes ) Tax credits Other ) ) Total provision for deferred income taxes 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 
 The components of Income taxes payable are as follows: ) Deferred income tax liability, net Income taxes payable The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to deferred income tax assets and liabilities are presented below: Compensation accruals Additional tax basis in partnership from exchanges of partnership units into the Company s common stock Reserves and losses California franchise tax Other Gross deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Mortgage servicing rights Other Gross deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax liability The Company recorded a deferred tax asset of million, of which million related to net operating losses incurred in 2022 and million related to net operating losses incurred in 2018. The million related to federal net operating loss carry forward has no expiration date but is subject to an annual utilization limitation of up to 80 of taxable income. The remaining million in deferred tax assets, relating to state net operating losses, either have no expiration date or expire by 2042. The Company expects to fully utilize these net operating losses before their expiration dates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits and does not anticipate any unrecognized tax benefits. Should the recognition of any interest or penalties relative to unrecognized tax benefits be necessary, it is the Company s policy to record such expenses in the Company s income tax accounts. such accruals existed at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 
 billion as of December 31, 2022. Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company may be involved in various claims, investigations, lawsuits and other legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. The amount, if any, of ultimate liability with respect to such matters cannot be determined, but despite the inherent uncertainties of litigation, management believes that the ultimate disposition of any such proceedings and exposure will not have, individually or taken together, a material adverse effect on the financial condition, income, or cash flows of the Company. Litigation On November 5, 2019, Black Knight Servicing Technologies, LLC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Black Knight, Inc. BKI ), filed a Complaint and Demand for Jury Trial in the Fourth Judicial Circuit Court in and for Duval County, Florida (the Florida State Court ), captioned Black Knight Servicing Technologies , LLC v. PennyMac Loan Services, LLC , Case No. 2019-CA-007908 (the BKI Complaint ). Allegations contained within the BKI Complaint include breach of contract and misappropriation of MSP System trade secrets in order to develop an imitation mortgage-processing system intended to replace the MSP System. The BKI Complaint seeks damages for breach of contract and misappropriation of trade secrets, injunctive relief under the Florida Uniform Trade Secrets Act and declaratory judgment of ownership of all intellectual property and software developed by or on behalf of PLS as a result of its wrongful use of and access to the MSP System and related trade secret and confidential information. On March 30, 2020, the Florida State Court granted a motion to compel arbitration filed by PLS. While no assurance can be provided as to the ultimate outcome of this claim or the account of any losses to the Company, the Company believes the BKI Complaint is without merit and plans to vigorously defend the matter, which remains pending. Regulatory Matters The Company and/or its subsidiaries are subject to various state and federal regulations related to its loan production and servicing operations by the various states it operates in as well as federal agencies such as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), HUD, and the FHA and is subject to the requirements of the Agencies to which it sells loans and for which it performs loan servicing activities. As a result, the Company may become involved in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by such various federal, state and local regulatory bodies. On January 7, 2021, PLS received a letter from the CFPB notifying PLS that, in accordance with the CFPB s discretionary Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise NORA process, the CFPB s Office of Enforcement was considering recommending that the CFPB take legal action against PLS for alleged violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and Truth in Lending Act. The CFPB s examination covered the period from March 2015 through September 2016. Should the CFPB commence an action, it may seek restitution, civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, or other corrective action, the extent of which remains uncertain at this time. Notably, certain of the alleged violations were originally self-identified by PLS and remediated before the CFPB s examination, and all alleged violations were fully remediated as of August 2017. PLS confirmed these remediation actions as well as full restitution to any affected borrowers in its response to the NORA letter submitted on February 8, 2021. While the NORA process remains open and pending at this time, and there can be no assurance as to the nature or extent of any actions taken by the CFPB with regard to these alleged violations, the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on its financial statements or operations. 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 
 billion to billion. The following table summarizes the Company s stock repurchase activity: Cost of shares of common stock repurchased 

 (1) Amounts represent the total shares of common stock repurchased under the stock repurchase program through December 31, 2022. The shares of repurchased common stock were canceled upon settlement of the repurchase transactions. 
 F-59 

Table of Contents) Hedging activities ) ) Non-cash gains: Mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing liabilities resulting from loan sales Provisions for losses relating to representations and warranties: Pursuant to loan sales ) ) ) Reductions in liability due to change in estimate Changes in fair values of loans and derivatives held at year end: Interest rate lock commitments ) ) Loans ) Hedging derivatives ) ) From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (1) ) ) 

 (1) Gains on sales of loans to PMT are described in Note 4 Transactions with Affiliates. 
 F-60 

Table of Contents 
 Loans held for sale at fair value Placement fees relating to custodial funds From PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Assets purchased from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust under agreements to resell Interest expense: To non-affiliates: Assets sold under agreements to repurchase Mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements Notes payable secured by mortgage servicing assets Unsecured senior notes Obligations under capital lease Corporate revolving line of credit Interest shortfall on repayments of mortgage loans serviced for Agency securitizations Interest on mortgage loan impound deposits To PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Excess servicing spread financing at fair value ) ) ) million units available for future awards. Following is a summary of the stock-based compensation expense by instrument awarded: Time-based RSUs Stock options Performance-Based RSUs The performance based RSUs provide for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock based on the achievement of performance goals and job performance ratings. Approximately shares under the grants with performance periods ending December 31, 2022 are expected to vest and be issued to the grantees in the first quarter of 2023. 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 
 per year based on the grantees employee classification. The actual number of shares that vest could vary from , if the performance goals are not met, to as much as of the units granted, if the performance goals are meaningfully exceeded. The table below summarizes performance-based RSU activity: Granted Vested (1) ) ) ) Forfeited or cancelled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Weighted average grant date fair value per unit: Outstanding at beginning of year Granted Vested Forfeited Outstanding at end of year 

 (1) The actual number of performance-based RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and shares, respectively, which is approximately , and of the , and originally granted units, respectively, due to the performance varying from the established target for the respective grant. Following is a summary of performance-based RSUs as of December 31, 2022: Unamortized compensation cost (in thousands) Number of shares expected to vest (in thousands) Weighted average remaining vesting period (in months) Time-Based RSUs The RSU grant agreements provide for the award of time-based RSUs, entitling the award recipient to share of the Company s common stock for each RSU. In general, and except as otherwise provided by the agreement, one-third of the time-based RSUs vest on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the recipient s continued service through each anniversary. Compensation cost relating to time-based RSUs is based on the grant date fair value of the Company s common stock and the number of shares expected to vest. For purposes of estimating the cost of the time-based RSUs granted, the Company assumes forfeiture rates of per year based on the grantees employee classification. 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Weighted average grant date fair value per unit: Outstanding at beginning of year Granted Vested Forfeited Outstanding at end of year Following is a summary of RSUs as of December 31, 2022: Unamortized compensation cost (in thousands) Number of units expected to vest (in thousands) Weighted average remaining vesting period (in months) Stock Options The stock option award agreements provide for the award of stock options to purchase the optioned common stock. In general, and except as otherwise provided by the agreement, one-third of the stock option awards vests on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the recipient s continued service through each anniversary. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company awarded approximately shares of stock options that vested on the grant date with a term of from the date of grant, subject to certain transfer restrictions. Each stock option has a term of from the date of grant but expires (1) immediately upon termination of the holder s employment or other association with the Company for cause, (2) after the holder s employment or other association is terminated due to death or disability and (3) after the holder s employment or other association is terminated for any other reason. The fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the date of grant using a variant of the Black Scholes model based on the following inputs: Expected dividends Risk-free interest rate - - - Expected grantee forfeiture rate - - - 

 (1) Based on historical volatilities of the Company s common stock. 
 F-63 

Table of Contents 
 The Company uses its historical employee departure behavior to estimate the grantee forfeiture rates used in its option- pricing model. The expected term of common stock options granted is derived from the Company s option pricing model and represents the period that common stock options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual term of the common stock option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The table below summarizes stock option award activity: Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Weighted average exercise price per option: Outstanding at beginning of year Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at end of year Following is a summary of stock options as of December 31, 2022: Number of options exercisable at end of year (in thousands) Weighted average exercise price per exercisable option Weighted average remaining contractual term (in years): Outstanding Exercisable Aggregate intrinsic value: Outstanding (in thousands) Exercisable (in thousands) Expected vesting amounts: Number of options expected to vest (in thousands) Weighted average vesting period (in months) 
 F-64 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Effect of dilutive securities - shares issuable under stock-based compensation plan Weighted average diluted shares of common stock outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Calculations of diluted earnings per share require certain potentially dilutive shares to be excluded when their inclusion in the diluted earnings per share calculation would be anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the weighted-average number of anti-dilutive outstanding performance-based RSUs, time-based RSUs and stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share: Time-based RSUs Stock options (2) Total anti-dilutive units and options Weighted average exercise price of anti-dilutive stock options (2) 

 (1) Certain performance-based RSUs were outstanding but not included in the computation of earnings per share because the performance thresholds included in such RSUs have not been achieved. (2) Certain stock options were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the weighted-average exercise prices were above the average stock price for the year. million plus basis points of the UPB of the Company s total 1-4 unit servicing portfolio, excluding mortgage loans subserviced for others; a liquidity requirement equal to basis points of the aggregate UPB serviced for the Agencies plus basis points of total nonperforming Agency servicing UPB less of such nonperforming Agency servicing UPB in excess of 600 basis points where the underlying loans are in COVID-19 forbearance but were current at the time they entered forbearance. 
 F-65 

Table of Contents 
 million plus basis points of PLS outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family obligations and a liquidity requirement equal to the greater of million or basis points of PLS outstanding Ginnie Mae single-family securities. The Agencies capital and liquidity requirements, the calculations of which are specified by each Agency, are summarized below: Ginnie Mae HUD Liquidity Fannie Mae Freddie Mac Ginnie Mae Adjusted net worth / Total assets ratio Ginnie Mae Tangible net worth / Total assets ratio Fannie Mae Freddie Mac 

 (1) Calculated in compliance with the respective Agency s requirements. In August 2022, the Agencies issued revised capital and liquidity requirements. The requirements will be effective at various dates beginning September 30, 2023, for issuers of securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae and seller/servicers of mortgage loans to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The Company believes it is in compliance with Agencies revised requirements as of December 31, 2022. Noncompliance with an Agency s requirements can result in such Agency taking various remedial actions up to and including terminating PLS s ability to sell loans to and service loans on behalf of the respective Agency. segments: production, servicing and investment management. of the segments are in the mortgage banking business: production and servicing. The production segment performs loan origination, acquisition and sale activities. The servicing segment performs servicing of loans on behalf of PMT and non-affiliate investors, execution and management of early buyout transactions and servicing of loans sourced and managed by the investment management segment for PMT. The investment management segment represents the activities of the Company s investment manager, which include sourcing, performing diligence, bidding and closing investment asset acquisitions, managing the acquired assets and correspondent production activities for PMT. 
 F-66 

Table of Contents 
 Loan origination fees Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Net loan servicing fees Net interest income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Management fees Other Total net revenue Expenses Income before provision for income taxes Segment assets at year end 

 (1) All revenues are from external customers. 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Mortgage Banking Investment Production Servicing Total Management Total (in thousands) Revenues: (1) Net gains on loans held for sale at fair value Loan origination fees Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Net loan servicing fees Net interest income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Management fees Other Total net revenue Expenses Income before provision for income taxes Segment assets at year end 

 (1) All revenues are from external customers. 

F-67 

Table of Contents 
 Loan origination fees Fulfillment fees from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Net loan servicing fees Net interest income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Management fees Other Total net revenue Expenses Income before provision for income taxes Segment assets at year end 

 (1) All revenues are from external customers. 
 F-68 

Table of Contents 
 million. PLS is limited from transferring funds to the Parent by this minimum tangible net worth requirement. The Company s Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by the Company s existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (other than certain excluded subsidiaries defined in the indentures under which the Unsecured Notes were issued). PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS Investments in subsidiaries Receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Due from subsidiaries Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Unsecured senior notes Accounts payable and accrued expenses Payable to subsidiaries Income taxes payable Total liabilities Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 F-69 

Table of Contents 
 Net interest income: Interest income from subsidiary Interest expense: To non-affiliates To subsidiary Net interest income Total net revenues Expenses Charitable contributions Professional services Other Total expenses Income before provision for income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Provision for income taxes Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Net income 
 F-70 

Table of Contents 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Amortization of net debt issuance cost Increase in receivable from PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ) (Increase) decrease in intercompany receivable ) ) ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) (Decrease) increase in payable to subsidiaries ) Increase in income taxes payable Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Issuance of unsecured senior notes Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Payment of dividend to holders of common stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options Payment of withholding taxes relating to stock-based compensation ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash (1) ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Non-cash financing activity: Issuance of common stock in settlement of directors fees 

 (1) The Company did t hold restricted cash during the years presented. 
 F-71 

Table of Contents 
 per common share. The dividend will be paid on February 24, 2023 to common stockholders of record as of February 14, 2023. In January 2023, the Company exercised its option to extend the maturity of million of Term Notes secured by Ginnie Mae MSRs originally due in February 2023 for . On February 7, 2023, the Company, through the Issuer Trust, PLS and PNMAC entered into new variable funding note repurchase agreements, as part of the structured finance transaction that PLS uses to finance Ginnie Mae mortgage servicing rights and related excess servicing spread and servicing advance receivables. All agreements to repurchase assets that matured before the date of this Report were extended or renewed. 
 F-72 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ David A. Spector David A. Spector Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: February 22, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signatures Title Date /s/ David A. Spector Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2023 David A. Spector (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Daniel S. Perotti Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2023 Daniel S. Perotti (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Gregory L. Hendry Chief Accounting Officer February 22, 2023 Gregory L. Hendry (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ James Hunt Director February 22, 2023 James Hunt /s/ Jonathon S. Jacobson Director February 22, 2023 Jonathon S. Jacobson /s/ Patrick Kinsella Director February 22, 2023 Patrick Kinsella /s/ Anne D. McCallion Director February 22, 2023 Anne D. McCallion /s/ Joseph Mazzella Director February 22, 2023 Joseph Mazzella /s/ Farhad Nanji Director February 22, 2023 Farhad Nanji /s/ Jeffrey Perlowitz Director February 22, 2023 Jeffrey Perlowitz /s/ Lisa Shalett Director February 22, 2023 Lisa Shalett /s/ Theodore Tozer Director February 22, 2023 Theodore Tozer /s/ Emily Youssouf Director February 22, 2023 Emily Youssouf 
 93 

<EX-10.31>
 2
 pfsi-20221231xex10d31.htm
 EX-10.31

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 1. Purpose 1 
 2. Definitions 1 
 3. Term of the Plan 5 
 4. Stock Subject to the Plan 5 
 4.1 Plan Share Limitations. 5 
 4.2 Non-Employee Director Limit 5 
 4.3 Adjustment of Limitations 6 
 5. Administration 6 
 6. Authorization of Grants 6 
 6.1 Eligibility 6 
 6.2 General Terms of Awards 6 
 6.3 Effect of Termination of Employment, Etc 6 
 6.4 Non-Transferability of Awards 7 
 7. Specific Terms of Awards 7 
 7.1 Options. 7 
 7.2 Stock Appreciation Rights. 8 
 7.3 Restricted Stock. 8 
 7.4 Restricted Stock Units. 9 
 7.5 Performance Units. 9 
 7.6 Stock Grants 10 
 7.7 Awards to Participants Outside the United States 10 
 8. Adjustment Provisions 10 
 8.1 Adjustment for Corporate Actions 10 
 8.2 Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or Nonrecurring Events 10 
 8.3 Related Matters 11 
 8.4 Transactions 11 
 9. Change of Control 12 
 10. Settlement of Awards 13 
 10.1 In General 13 
 10.2 Violation of Law 13 
 10.3 Corporate Restrictions on Rights in Stock 14 
 10.4 Investment Representations 14 
 10.5 Registration 14 
 10.6 Placement of Legends; Stop Orders; etc 15 
 10.7 Tax Withholding 15 

 i 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 10.8 Company Charter and By-Laws; Other Company Policies 15 
 11. Reservation of Stock 15 
 12. Limitation of Rights in Stock; No Special Service Rights 15 
 13. Unfunded Status of Plan 16 
 14. Nonexclusivity of the Plan 16 
 15. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences 16 
 16. Termination and Amendment of the Plan 16 
 16.1 Termination or Amendment of the Plan 16 
 16.2 Termination or Amendment of Outstanding Awards; Assumptions 17 
 16.3 Limitations on Amendments, Etc 17 
 17. Notices and Other Communications 17 
 18. Governing Law 18 
 
 ii 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 1. Purpose 
 This Plan is intended to encourage ownership of Stock by employees, consultants and directors of the Company and its Affiliates and to provide additional incentive for them to promote the success of the Company s business through the grant of Awards of or pertaining to shares of the Company s Stock. The Plan is intended to be an incentive stock option plan within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, but not all Awards are required to be Incentive Options. 2. Definitions 
 As used in this Plan, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below, unless the context clearly requires otherwise: 2.1. Accelerate , Accelerated , and Acceleration , means: (a) when used with respect to an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, that as of the time of reference the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will become exercisable with respect to some or all of the shares of Stock for which it was not then otherwise exercisable by its terms; (b) when used with respect to Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, that the Risk of Forfeiture otherwise applicable to the Stock or Units shall expire with respect to some or all of the shares of Restricted Stock or Units then still otherwise subject to the Risk of Forfeiture; and (c) when used with respect to Performance Units, that the applicable Performance Goals or other business objectives shall be deemed to have been met as to some or all of the Units.
 2.2. Affiliate means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business trust, or other entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company.
 2.3. Assumed and Assumption have the meanings given such terms in Section 9.
 2.4. Award means any grant or sale pursuant to the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or Stock Grants.
 2.5. Award Agreement means an agreement between the Company and the recipient of an Award, or other notice of grant of an Award, setting forth the terms and conditions of the Award.
 2.6. Board means the Company s Board of Directors.
 2.7. Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following after the date of approval of the Plan by the Board:
 (a) any (i) merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result of which the Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged for the right to receive cash, securities or other property or is cancelled, (ii) sale or exchange of all of the Stock of the Company for cash, securities or other property, (iii) sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to one or more other persons in a single transaction or series of related transactions, or (iv) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company, unless securities possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the survivor s or acquiror s outstanding securities (or the securities of any parent thereof) are held by a person or persons who held securities possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s outstanding securities immediately prior to that transaction; or
 (b) any person or group of persons (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect from time to time) directly or indirectly acquires, including but not limited to by means of a merger or consolidation, beneficial ownership (determined pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the said Exchange Act) of securities possessing more than 

 ACTIVE/114965325 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 20 of the total combined voting power of the Company s outstanding securities unless pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made directly to the Company s stockholders that the Board recommends such stockholders accept, other than (i) the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or (iv) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities; or
 (c) over a period of twelve (12) consecutive months or less, there is a change in the composition of the Board such that a majority of the Board members (rounded up to the next whole number, if a fraction) ceases, by reason of one or more proxy contests for the election of Board members, to be composed of individuals who either (i) have been Board members continuously since the beginning of that period, or (ii) have been elected or nominated for election as Board members during such period by at least a majority of the Board members described in the preceding clause (i) who were still in office at the time that election or nomination was approved by the Board; or
 (d) a majority of the Board votes in favor of a decision that a Change of Control has occurred.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur for purposes of the foregoing clause (b) solely as the result of an acquisition of Company securities by the Company which, by reducing the number of shares of the Company s outstanding securities, increases the proportionate number of Company securities beneficially owned by any person to 20 percent or more of the combined voting power of all of the then outstanding Company securities; provided, however, that if any person referred to in this sentence shall thereafter become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Company securities (other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend, or similar transaction or as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company) and immediately thereafter beneficially owns 20 percent or more of the combined voting power of all of the then outstanding Company securities, then a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (b); provided, however, that any increase in ownership of the Company by HC Partners shall not constitute a Change on Control . 2.8. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto, and any regulations issued from time to time thereunder.
 2.9. Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, which in general is responsible for the administration of the Plan, as provided in Section 5 of this Plan. For any period during which no such committee is in existence Committee shall mean the Board and all authority and responsibility assigned to the Committee under the Plan shall be exercised, if at all, by the Board.
 2.10. Company means PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.
 2.11. Disability means a physical or mental condition entitling a Participant to benefits under the applicable long-term disability plan of the Company or any its subsidiaries, or if no such plan exists, a permanent and total disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) or as determined by the Company in accordance with applicable laws.
 2.12. Effective Date means the date the Plan is approved by stockholders in accordance with applicable state law, the Company s bylaws and articles of incorporation, and applicable stock exchange rules.
 2.13. Grant Date means the date as of which an Option is granted, as determined under Section 7.1(a).
 2.14. Good Reason has the meaning set forth in the Award Agreement(s). In the case that any Award Agreement does not contain a definition of Good Reason, it means if a Participant has complied with the Good Reason Process (as defined below) following the occurrence of any of the following events, without such employee s express written consent:

 2 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 (a) a material reduction by the Company in the Participant s base salary except for across-the-board salary reductions based on the Company s financial performance similarly affecting all or substantially all senior management employees of the Company; or
 (b) a material change in Participant s title, position, duties or responsibilities which represents an adverse change from his or her title, position, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control; or
 (c) the relocation of the office at which the Participant is principally employed immediately prior to the Change of Control to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location of such office, except to the extent the Participant was not previously assigned to a principal location and except for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Participant s business travel obligations at the time of the Change of Control.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant shall not have Good Reason to terminate employment with the Company (or otherwise have the right to claim that he or she has been constructively terminated from employment) due solely to the fact that the Company shall cease to be a public company and shall become a subsidiary of another publicly-traded corporation. Any event described in Section 2.15(a), (b) or (c) which occurs prior to a Change of Control but which the Participant reasonably demonstrates (1) was at the request of a third party who has indicated an intention or taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change of Control or (2) otherwise arose in connection with, or in anticipation of, a Change of Control, shall constitute Good Reason for purposes of this Plan notwithstanding that it occurred prior to a Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any change in the Participant s duties or responsibilities or any relocation of the Participant s principal place of employment shall not constitute Good Reason if such Participant either requested, volunteered to undertake, or consented in writing to, such change or relocation. The Participant s continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act constituting Good Reason hereunder. 2.15. Good Reason Process means that (i) such employee reasonably determines in good faith that a Good Reason condition has occurred; (ii) such employee notifies the Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of when such employee first becomes aware, or should with reasonable diligence have become aware, of the first occurrence of such condition; (iii) such employee cooperates in good faith with the Company s efforts, for a period not less than 30 days following such notice (the Cure Period to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason condition continues to exist; and (v) such employee terminates his employment within 60 days after the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred.
 2.16. Incentive Option means an Option which by its terms is to be treated as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
 2.17. Market Value means the value of a share of Stock on a particular date determined by such methods or procedures as may be established by the Committee. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Market Value of Stock as of any date is the closing price for the Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange (or on any other national securities exchange on which the Stock is then listed) for that date or, if no closing price is reported for that date, the closing price on the first following date for which a closing price is reported. For purposes of Awards effective as of the effective date of the Company s initial public offering, Market Value of Stock shall be the price at which the Company s Stock is offered to the public in its initial public offering.
 2.18. Nonstatutory Option means any Option that is not an Incentive Option.
 2.19. Option means an option to purchase shares of Stock.

 3 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 2.20. Optionee means an eligible individual to whom an Option shall have been granted under the Plan.
 2.21. Participant means any holder of an outstanding Award under the Plan.
 2.22. Performance Criteria means the criteria that the Committee selects for purposes of establishing the Performance Goal or Performance Goals for a Participant for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria used to establish Performance Goals are limited to: (a) cash flow (before or after dividends), (b) earnings per share (including, without limitation, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), (c) stock price, (d) return on equity, (e) stockholder return or total stockholder return, (f) return on capital (including, without limitation, return on total capital or return on invested capital), (g) return on investment, (h) return on assets or net assets, (i) market capitalization, (j) economic value added, (k) debt leverage (debt to capital), (l) revenue, (m) sales or net sales, (n) backlog, (o) income, pre-tax income or net income, (p) operating income or pre-tax profit, (q) operating profit, net operating profit or economic profit, (r) gross margin, operating margin or profit margin, (s) return on operating revenue or return on operating assets, (t) cash from operations, (u) operating ratio, (v) operating revenue, (w) market share improvement, (x) general and administrative expenses and (y) customer service.
 2.23. Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the written goal or goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon one or more of the Performance Criteria. The Performance Goals may be expressed in terms of overall Company performance or the performance of a division, business unit, subsidiary, or an individual, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, applied to either the Company as a whole or to a business unit or Affiliate, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, and measured either quarterly, annually or cumulatively over a period of years, on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to previous years results or to a designated comparison group, in each case as specified by the Committee.
 2.24. Performance Period means the one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, selected by the Committee, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals or other business objectives will be measured for purposes of determining a Participant s right to, and the payment of, an Award.
 2.25. Performance Unit means a right granted to a Participant under Section 7.5, to receive cash, Stock or other Awards, the payment of which is contingent on achieving Performance Goals or other business objectives established by the Committee.
 2.26. Plan means this 2022 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company, as amended from time to time, and including any attachments or addenda hereto.
 2.27. Restricted Stock means a grant or sale of shares of Stock to a Participant subject to a Risk of Forfeiture.
 2.28. Restricted Stock Units means rights to receive shares of Stock at the close of a Restriction Period, subject to a Risk of Forfeiture.
 2.29. Restriction Period means the period of time established by the Committee in connection with an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, during which the shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units are subject to a Risk of Forfeiture described in the applicable Award Agreement.
 2.30. Risk of Forfeiture means a limitation on the right of the Participant to retain Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, including a right of the Company to reacquire shares of Restricted Stock at less than its then Market Value, arising because of the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events or conditions.
 2.31. Stock means Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company, and such other securities as may be substituted for Stock pursuant to Section 8.

 4 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 2.32. Stock Appreciation Right means a right to receive any excess in the Market Value of shares of Stock (except as otherwise provided in Section 7.2(c)) over a specified exercise price.
 2.33. Stock Grant means the grant of shares of Stock not subject to restrictions or other forfeiture conditions.
 2.34. Stockholders Agreement means any agreement by and among the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and setting forth, among other provisions, restrictions upon the transfer of shares of Stock or on the exercise of rights appurtenant thereto (including but not limited to voting rights).
 2.35. Ten Percent Owner means a person who owns, or is deemed within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code to own, stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent or subsidiary corporations of the Company, as defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code). Whether a person is a Ten Percent Owner shall be determined with respect to an Option based on the facts existing immediately prior to the Grant Date of the Option.
 3. Term of the Plan 
 Unless the Plan shall have been earlier terminated by the Board, Awards may be granted under this Plan at any time in the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending immediately prior to the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, no grants of Incentive Options may be granted under this Plan after the tenth anniversary of the date the Plan is approved by the Board. Awards granted pursuant to the Plan within that period shall not expire solely by reason of the termination of the Plan. 4. Stock Subject to the Plan 
 4.1 Plan Share Limitations .
 (a) The maximum number of shares of Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 4,600,000 shares of Stock (the Initial Limit ), plus, on January 1, 2023, and each January 1 thereafter through January 1, 2032, the number of shares of Stock authorized under this Section 4.1(a) of this 2022 Equity Incentive Plan will be increased by an amount equal to the least of (i) 1.75 of outstanding Stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year, (ii) 1,322,024 shares, and (iii) any lower amount determined by the Board (the Annual Increase ). In no event shall the number of shares available for issuance pursuant to Incentive Options exceed 4,600,000 shares of Stock. For purposes of applying the foregoing limitations, (a) if any Option or Stock Appreciation Right expires, terminates, or is cancelled for any reason without having been exercised in full, or if any other Award is forfeited by the recipient or repurchased at less than its Market Value, the shares of Stock not purchased by the Optionee or which are forfeited by the recipient or repurchased shall again be available for Awards to be granted under the Plan and (b) if any Option is exercised by delivering previously owned shares of Stock in payment of the exercise price therefor, only the net number of shares, that is, the number of shares of Stock issued minus the number received by the Company in payment of the exercise price, shall be considered to have been issued pursuant to an Award granted under the Plan. In addition, settlement of any Award shall not count against the foregoing limitations except to the extent settled in the form of Stock. 
 (b) Shares of Stock issued pursuant to the Plan may be either authorized but unissued shares or shares held by the Company in its treasury.
 4.2 Non-Employee Director Limit . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, the maximum value of all Awards granted under this Plan to any director in his or her capacity as such during any single calendar year shall be 750,000. For the purpose of this limitation, the value of any Award shall be its grant date fair value, as determined in accordance with ASC Topic 718 or successor provision but excluding the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting provisions 

 5 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 4.3 Adjustment of Limitations . Each of the share limitations of this Section 4 shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan.
 5. Administration 
 The Plan shall be administered by the Committee; provided, however , that at any time and on any one or more occasions the Board may itself exercise any of the powers and responsibilities assigned the Committee under the Plan and when so acting shall have the benefit of all of the provisions of the Plan pertaining to the Committee s exercise of its authorities hereunder; and provided further, however, that the Committee may delegate to an executive officer or officers the authority to grant Awards hereunder to employees who are not officers, and to consultants, in accordance with such guidelines as the Committee shall set forth at any time or from time to time. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have complete authority, in its discretion, to make or to select the manner of making all determinations with respect to each Award to be granted by the Company under the Plan including the employee, consultant or director to receive the Award and the form of Award. In making such determinations, the Committee may take into account the nature of the services rendered by the respective employees, consultants, and directors, their present and potential contributions to the success of the Company and its Affiliates, and such other factors as the Committee in its discretion shall deem relevant. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall also have complete authority to interpret the Plan, to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to it, to determine the terms and provisions of the respective Award Agreements (which need not be identical), and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The Committee s determinations made in good faith on matters referred to in the Plan shall be final, binding and conclusive on all persons having or claiming any interest under the Plan or an Award made pursuant hereto. 6. Authorization of Grants 
 6.1 Eligibility . The Committee may grant from time to time and at any time prior to the termination of the Plan one or more Awards, either alone or in combination with any other Awards, to any employee of or consultant to one or more of the Company and its Affiliates or to any non-employee member of the Board or of any board of directors (or similar governing authority) of any Affiliate. However, only employees of the Company, and of any parent or subsidiary corporations of the Company, as defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code, shall be eligible for the grant of an Incentive Option.
 6.2 General Terms of Awards . Each grant of an Award shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan (including but not limited to any specific terms and conditions applicable to that type of Award set out in the following Section), and such other terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee may prescribe. No prospective Participant shall have any rights with respect to an Award, unless and until such Participant shall have complied with the applicable terms and conditions of such Award (including if applicable delivering a fully executed copy of any agreement evidencing an Award to the Company).
 6.3 Effect of Termination of Employment, Etc . Unless the Committee shall provide otherwise with respect to any Award (including, but not limited to, in a Participant s Award Agreement), if the Participant s employment or other association with the Company and its Affiliates ends for any reason, including because of the Participant s employer ceasing to be an Affiliate, (a) any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right of the Participant shall cease to be exercisable in any respect not later than thirty (30) days following that event and, for the period it remains exercisable following that event, shall be exercisable only to the extent exercisable at the date of that event, and (b) any other outstanding Award of the Participant shall be forfeited or otherwise subject to return to or repurchase by the Company on the terms specified in the applicable Award Agreement. Cessation of the performance of services in one capacity, for example, as an employee, shall not result in termination of an Award while the Participant continues to perform services in another capacity, for example as a director. Military or sick leave or other bona fide leave shall not be deemed a termination of employment or other association, provided that it does not exceed the longer of ninety (90) days or the period during which the absent Participant s reemployment rights, if any, are guaranteed by statute or by contract. To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Committee may provide that Awards continue to vest for some or all of the period of any such leave, or that their vesting shall be tolled during any such leave and only recommence upon the Participant s return from leave, if ever.

 6 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 6.4 Non-Transferability of Awards . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.4, Awards shall not be transferable, and no Award or interest therein may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. All of a Participant s rights in any Award may be exercised during the life of the Participant only by the Participant or the Participant s legal representative. However, the Committee may, at or after the grant of an Award of a Nonstatutory Option, or shares of Restricted Stock, provide that such Award may be transferred by the recipient to a family member; provided, however , that any such transfer is without payment of any consideration whatsoever and that no transfer shall be valid unless first approved by the Committee, acting in its sole discretion. For this purpose, family member means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, grandparent, stepparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the employee s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which the foregoing persons have more than fifty (50) percent of the beneficial interests, a foundation in which the foregoing persons (or the Participant) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Participant) own more than fifty (50) percent of the voting interests.
 7. Specific Terms of Awards 
 7.1 Options .
 (a) Date of Grant . The granting of an Option shall take place at the time specified in the Award Agreement.
 (b) Exercise Price . The price at which shares of Stock may be acquired under each Incentive Option shall be not less than 100 of the Market Value of Stock on the Grant Date, or not less than 110 of the Market Value of Stock on the Grant Date if the Optionee is a Ten Percent Owner. The price at which shares of Stock may be acquired under each Nonstatutory Option shall not be so limited solely by reason of this Section.
 (c) Option Period . No Incentive Option may be exercised on or after the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date, or on or after the fifth anniversary of the Grant Date if the Optionee is a Ten Percent Owner. The Option period under each Nonstatutory Option shall not be so limited solely by reason of this Section.
 (d) Exercisability . An Option may be immediately exercisable or become exercisable in such installments, cumulative or non-cumulative, as the Committee may determine. The Committee may Accelerate an Option in whole or in part at any time; provided, however, that in the case of an Incentive Option, any such Acceleration of the Option would not cause the Option to fail to comply with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code or the Optionee consents to the Acceleration.
 (e) Method of Exercise . An Option may be exercised by the Optionee giving written notice, in the manner provided in Section 17, specifying the number of shares of Stock with respect to which the Option is then being exercised. The notice shall be accompanied by payment in the form of cash or check payable to the order of the Company in an amount equal to the exercise price of the shares of Stock to be purchased or, subject in each instance to the Committee s approval, acting in its sole discretion, and to such conditions, if any, as the Committee may deem necessary to avoid adverse accounting effects to the Company, (i) by delivery to the Company of shares of Stock having a Market Value equal to the exercise price of the shares to be purchased, or (ii) by surrender of the Option as to all or part of the shares of Stock for which the Option is then exercisable in exchange for shares of Stock having an aggregate Market Value equal to the difference between 1 the aggregate Market Value of the surrendered portion of the Option, and 2 the aggregate exercise price under the Option for the surrendered portion of the Option. If the Stock is traded on an established market, payment of any exercise price may also be made through and under the terms and conditions of any formal cashless exercise program authorized by the Company entailing the sale of the Stock subject to an Option in a brokered transaction (other than to the Company). Receipt by the Company of such notice and payment in any authorized or combination of authorized means shall constitute the exercise of the Option. Within thirty (30) days thereafter but subject to the remaining provisions of the Plan, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Optionee or his agent a certificate or certificates or shall cause the Stock to be held in book-entry position through the Company s transfer agent s direct registration system for the number of shares then being purchased. Such shares of Stock shall be fully paid and nonassessable.

 7 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 (f) Limit on Incentive Option Characterization . An Incentive Option shall be considered to be an Incentive Option only to the extent that the number of shares of Stock for which the Option first becomes exercisable in a calendar year do not have an aggregate Market Value (as of the date of the grant of the Option) in excess of the current limit . The current limit for any Optionee for any calendar year shall be 100,000 minus the aggregate Market Value at the date of grant of the number of shares of Stock available for purchase for the first time in the same year under each other Incentive Option previously granted to the Optionee under the Plan, and under each other incentive stock option previously granted to the Optionee under any other incentive stock option plan of the Company and its Affiliates. Any shares of Stock which would cause the foregoing limit to be violated shall be deemed to have been granted under a separate Nonstatutory Option, otherwise identical in its terms to those of the Incentive Option.
 (g) Notification of Disposition . Each person exercising any Incentive Option granted under the Plan shall be deemed to have covenanted with the Company to report to the Company any disposition of the shares of Stock issued upon such exercise prior to the expiration of the holding periods specified by Section 422(a)(1) of the Code and, if and to the extent that the realization of income in such a disposition imposes upon the Company federal, state, local or other withholding tax requirements, or any such withholding is required to secure for the Company an otherwise available tax deduction, to remit to the Company an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy those requirements.
 7.2 Stock Appreciation Rights .
 (a) Tandem or Stand-Alone . Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in tandem with an Option (at or, in the case of a Nonstatutory Option, after, the award of the Option), or alone and unrelated to an Option. Stock Appreciation Rights in tandem with an Option shall terminate to the extent that the related Option is exercised, and the related Option shall terminate to the extent that the tandem Stock Appreciation Rights are exercised.
 (b) Exercise Price . Stock Appreciation Rights shall have an exercise price of not less than fifty percent (50 of the Market Value of the Stock on the date of award, or in the case of Stock Appreciation Rights in tandem with Options, the exercise price of the related Option.
 (c) Other Terms . Except as the Committee may deem inappropriate or inapplicable in the circumstances, Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to terms and conditions substantially similar to those applicable to a Nonstatutory Option. In addition, an Stock Appreciation Right related to an Option which can only be exercised during limited periods following a Change of Control may entitle the Participant to receive an amount based upon the highest price paid or offered for Stock in any transaction relating to the Change of Control or paid during the thirty (30) day period immediately preceding the occurrence of the Change of Control in any transaction reported in the stock market in which the Stock is normally traded.
 7.3 Restricted Stock .
 (a) Purchase Price . Shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued under the Plan for such consideration, if any, in cash, other property or services, or any combination thereof, as is determined by the Committee.
 (b) Issuance of Stock . Each Participant receiving a Restricted Stock Award, subject to subsection (c) below, shall be issued a stock certificate in respect of such shares of Restricted Stock or the shares shall be held in book-entry position through the Company s transfer agent s direct registration system. If a certificate is issued, such certificate shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and, if applicable, shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award substantially in the following form:
 The shares evidenced by this certificate are subject to the terms and conditions of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and an Award Agreement entered into by the registered owner 
 8 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 and PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., copies of which will be furnished by the Company to the holder of the shares evidenced by this certificate upon written request and without charge. If the Stock is in book-entry position through the Company s transfer-agent s direct registration system, the restrictions will be appropriately noted. (c) Escrow of Shares . The Committee may require that the stock certificates evidencing shares of Restricted Stock be held in custody by a designated escrow agent (which may but need not be the Company) until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that the Participant deliver a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Stock covered by such Award.
 (d) Restrictions and Restriction Period . During the Restriction Period applicable to shares of Restricted Stock, such shares shall be subject to limitations on transferability and a Risk of Forfeiture arising on the basis of such conditions related to the performance of services, Company or Affiliate performance or otherwise as the Committee may determine and provide for in the applicable Award Agreement. Any such Risk of Forfeiture may be waived or terminated, or the Restriction Period shortened, at any time by the Committee on such basis as it deems appropriate.
 (e) Rights Pending Lapse of Risk of Forfeiture or Forfeiture of Award . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement, at all times prior to lapse of any Risk of Forfeiture applicable to, or forfeiture of, an Award of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote, and the right to receive any dividends with respect to, the shares of Restricted Stock (but any dividends or other distributions payable in shares of Stock or other securities of the Company shall constitute additional Restricted Stock, subject to the same Risk of Forfeiture as the shares of Restricted Stock in respect of which such shares of Stock or other securities are paid). The Committee, as determined at the time of Award, may permit or require the payment of cash dividends to be deferred and, if the Committee so determines, reinvested in additional Restricted Stock to the extent shares of Stock are available under Section 4.
 (f) Lapse of Restrictions . If and when the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Restricted Stock, the certificates for such shares shall be delivered to the Participant promptly if not theretofore so delivered.
 7.4 Restricted Stock Units .
 (a) Character . Each Restricted Stock Unit shall entitle the recipient to a share of Stock at a close of such Restriction Period as the Committee may establish and subject to a Risk of Forfeiture arising on the basis of such conditions relating to the performance of services, Company or Affiliate performance or otherwise as the Committee may determine and provide for in the applicable Award Agreement. Any such Risk of Forfeiture may be waived or terminated, or the Restriction Period shortened, at any time by the Committee on such basis as it deems appropriate.
 (b) Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units shall be made in a single lump sum following the close of the applicable Restriction Period. At the discretion of the Committee, Participants may be entitled to receive payments equivalent to any dividends declared with respect to Stock referenced in grants of Restricted Stock Units but only following the close of the applicable Restriction Period and then only if the underlying Stock shall have been earned. Unless the Committee shall provide otherwise, any such dividend equivalents shall be paid, if at all, without interest or other earnings.
 7.5 Performance Units .
 (a) Character . Each Performance Unit shall entitle the recipient to the value of a specified number of shares of Stock, over the initial value for such number of shares, if any, established by the Committee at 

 9 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 the time of grant, at the close of a specified Performance Period to the extent specified business objectives, including but not limited to Performance Goals, shall have been achieved.
 (b) Earning of Performance Units . The Committee shall set Performance Goals or other business objectives in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met within the applicable Performance Period, will determine the number and value of Performance Units that will be paid out to the Participant. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units shall be entitled to receive payout on the number and value of Performance Units earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding Performance Goals or other business objectives have been achieved.
 (c) Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Performance Units shall be made in a single lump sum following the close of the applicable Performance Period. At the discretion of the Committee, Participants may be entitled to receive any dividends declared with respect to Stock which have been earned in connection with grants of Performance Units which have been earned, but not yet distributed to Participants. The Committee may permit or, if it so provides at grant require, a Participant to defer such Participant s receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Stock that would otherwise be due to such Participant by virtue of the satisfaction of any requirements or goals with respect to Performance Units. If any such deferral election is required or permitted, the Committee shall establish rules and procedures for such payment deferrals.
 7.6 Stock Grants . Stock Grants shall be awarded solely in recognition of significant prior or expected contributions to the success of the Company or its Affiliates, as an inducement to employment, in lieu of compensation otherwise already due and in such other limited circumstances as the Committee deems appropriate. Stock Grants shall be made without forfeiture conditions of any kind.
 7.7 Awards to Participants Outside the United States . The Committee may modify the terms of any Award under the Plan granted to a Participant who is, at the time of grant or during the term of the Award, resident or primarily employed outside of the United States in any manner deemed by the Committee to be necessary or appropriate in order that the Award shall conform to laws, regulations, procedures, and customs of the country in which the Participant is then resident or primarily employed, or so that the value and other benefits of the Award to the Participant, as affected by foreign tax laws and other restrictions applicable as a result of the Participant s residence or employment abroad, shall be as comparable as practicable to the value of such an Award to a Participant who is resident or primarily employed in the United States. The Committee may establish supplements or sub-plans to, or amendments, restatements, or alternative versions of, the Plan for the purpose of granting and administrating any such modified Award. No such modification, supplement, sub-plan, amendment, restatement or alternative version may increase the share limit of Section 4.
 8. Adjustment Provisions 
 8.1 Adjustment for Corporate Actions . All of the share numbers set forth in the Plan reflect the capital structure of the Company as of the date immediately following the consummation of the initial public offering of the Company s Stock. If subsequent to that date the outstanding shares of Stock (or any other securities covered by the Plan by reason of the prior application of this Section) are increased, decreased, or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities, or if additional shares or new or different shares or other securities are distributed with respect to shares of Stock, as a result of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or other similar distribution with respect to such shares of Stock, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment will be made in (i) the maximum numbers and kinds of shares provided in Section 4, (ii) the numbers and kinds of shares or other securities subject to the then outstanding Awards, (iii) the exercise price for each share or other unit of any other securities subject to then outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (without change in the aggregate purchase price as to which such Options or Rights remain exercisable), and (iv) the repurchase price of each share of Restricted Stock then subject to a Risk of Forfeiture in the form of a Company repurchase right.
 8.2 Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or Nonrecurring Events . In the event of any corporate action not specifically covered by the preceding Section, including but not limited to an 

 10 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 extraordinary cash distribution on Stock, a corporate separation or other reorganization or liquidation, the Committee may make such adjustment of outstanding Awards and their terms, if any, as it, in its sole discretion, may deem equitable and appropriate in the circumstances. The Committee may make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, the events described in this Section) affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles, whenever the Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan. 8.3 Related Matters . Except as expressly permitted under Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, any adjustment of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right exercise price shall be prohibited. Any adjustment in Awards made pursuant to Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 shall be determined and made, if at all, by the Committee, acting in its sole discretion, and shall include any correlative modification of terms, including of Option exercise prices, rates of vesting or exercisability, Risks of Forfeiture, applicable repurchase prices for Restricted Stock, and Performance Goals and other business objectives which the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate so as to ensure the rights of the Participants in their respective Awards are not substantially diminished nor enlarged as a result of the adjustment and corporate action other than as expressly contemplated in this Section 8. The Committee, in its discretion, may determine that no fraction of a share of Stock shall be purchasable or deliverable upon exercise, and in that event if any adjustment hereunder of the number of shares of Stock covered by an Award would cause such number to include a fraction of a share of Stock, such number of shares of Stock shall be adjusted to the nearest smaller whole number of shares. No adjustment of an Option exercise price per share pursuant to Sections 8.1 or 8.2 shall result in an exercise price which is less than the par value of the Stock.
 8.4 Transactions .
 (a) Definition of Transaction . In this Section 8.4, Transaction means (1) any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result of which the Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged for the right to receive cash, securities or other property or is cancelled, (2) any sale or exchange of all of the Stock of the Company for cash, securities or other property, (3) any sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to one or more other persons in a single transaction or series of related transactions or (4) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
 (b) Treatment of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . In a Transaction, the Committee may take any one or more of the following actions as to all or any (or any portion of) outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (collectively, Rights ).
 (i) Provide that such Rights shall be assumed, or substantially equivalent rights shall be provided in substitution therefore, by the acquiring or succeeding entity (or an affiliate thereof).
 (ii) Upon written notice to the holders, provide that the holders unexercised Rights will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Transaction unless exercised within a specified period following the date of such notice.
 (iii) Provide that outstanding Rights shall become exercisable in whole or in part prior to or upon the Transaction.
 (iv) Provide for cash payments, net of applicable tax withholdings, to be made to holders equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the acquisition price times the number of shares of Stock subject to an Option (to the extent the exercise price does not exceed the acquisition price) over (B) the aggregate exercise price for all such shares of Stock subject to the Option, in exchange for the termination of such Option; provided, that if the acquisition price does not exceed the exercise price of any such Option, the Committee may cancel that Option without the payment of any consideration therefore prior to or upon the Transaction. For this purpose, acquisition price means the amount of cash, and market value of any other consideration, received in payment for a share of Stock surrendered in a Transaction but need not take into account any deferred consideration unless and until received.

 11 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 (v) Provide that, in connection with a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, Rights shall convert into the right to receive liquidation proceeds net of the exercise price thereof and any applicable tax withholdings.
 (vi) Any combination of the foregoing.
 For purposes of paragraph (1) above, a Right shall be considered assumed, or a substantially equivalent right shall be considered to have been provided in substitution therefore, if following consummation of the Transaction the Right confers the right to purchase or receive the value of, for each share of Stock subject to the Right immediately prior to the consummation of the Transaction, the consideration (whether cash, securities or other property) received as a result of the Transaction by holders of Stock for each share of Stock held immediately prior to the consummation of the Transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Stock); provided, however , that if the consideration received as a result of the Transaction is not solely common stock (or its equivalent) of the acquiring or succeeding entity (or an affiliate thereof), the Committee may provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of Right to consist of or be based on solely common stock (or its equivalent) of the acquiring or succeeding entity (or an affiliate thereof) equivalent in value to the per share consideration received by holders of outstanding shares of Stock as a result of the Transaction. (c) Treatment of Other Awards . As to outstanding Awards other than Options or Share Appreciation Rights, upon the occurrence of a Transaction other than a liquidation or dissolution of the Company which is not part of another form of Transaction, the repurchase and other rights of the Company under each such Award shall inure to the benefit of the Company s successor and shall, unless the Committee determines otherwise, apply to the cash, securities or other property which the Stock was converted into or exchanged for pursuant to such Transaction in the same manner and to the same extent as they applied to the Award. Upon the occurrence of a Transaction involving a liquidation or dissolution of the Company which is not part of another form of Transaction, except to the extent specifically provided to the contrary in the instrument evidencing any Award or any other agreement between a Participant and the Company, all Risks of Forfeiture and Performance Goals or other business objectives, where otherwise applicable to any such Awards, shall automatically be deemed terminated or satisfied, as applicable.
 (d) Related Matters . In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 8.4, the Committee shall not be obligated to treat all Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, or all Awards of the same type, identically. Any determinations required to carry out the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.4, including but not limited to the market value of other consideration received by holders of Stock in a Transaction and whether substantially equivalent Rights have been substituted, shall be made by the Committee acting in its sole discretion. In connection with any action or actions taken by the Committee in respect of Awards and in connection with a Transaction, the Committee may require such acknowledgements of satisfaction and releases from Participants as it may determine.
 9. Change of Control 
 (a) Except as otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement or any other Company policy, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control all outstanding Awards, other than those addressed in (b) below, shall be assumed, or substantially equivalent rights shall be provided in substitution therefor, or shall otherwise be continued in a manner satisfactory to the Committee, by the acquiring or succeeding entity (or an affiliate thereof) (collectively, Assumed or Assumption ). (b) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, if a pro rata portion of the Performance Goals under Awards conditioned on the achievement of Performance Goals or other business objectives, including the payouts attainable under outstanding Performance Units if applicable, has been achieved as of the effective date of the Change of Control, then such Performance Goals shall be deemed satisfied as of such Change of Control as to a pro rata portion of the number of shares subject to the original Award (in all cases giving effect to any multiplier or sliding scale to be applied pursuant to the terms of the original Award). The pro rata portion of such Performance Goals and such number of shares subject to the original Awards shall each be based on the length of time within the 
 12 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 Restriction Period or Performance Period which has elapsed prior to the effective date of the Change of Control. The remaining portion of such Awards that is not eligible to be deemed satisfied in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be Assumed. Assumption shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of all Awards conditioned on the achievement of Performance Goals or other business objectives, including the payouts attainable under outstanding Performance Units if applicable, if such remaining portion of such shares is subjected to (i) comparable performance goals based on the post-Change of Control business of the acquiror or succeeding entity (or an affiliate thereof), and (ii) a measurement period using a comparable period of time to the original Award, each in a manner satisfactory to the Committee. (c) To the extent an Award is required to be Assumed hereunder and is not Assumed or earned in a Change of Control as determined under the foregoing provisions: (i) any and all Options and Stock Appreciation Rights not already exercisable in full which are not based on achievement of Performance Goals or other business objectives shall Accelerate with respect to 100 of the shares for which such Options or Stock Appreciation Rights are not then exercisable; (ii) any Risk of Forfeiture applicable to Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units which are not based on achievement of Performance Goals or other business objectives shall lapse with respect to 100 of the Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units still subject to such Risk of Forfeiture immediately prior to the Change of Control; and (iii) the outstanding Awards conditioned on the achievement of Performance Goals or other business objectives, including the payouts attainable under outstanding Performance Units if applicable, shall be deemed to have been satisfied, earned, or forfeited as of the effective date of the Change of Control in such amounts as the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion. (d) All such Awards of Performance Units and Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the extent earned to Participants in accordance (b) or (c) above within thirty (30) days following the effective date of the Change of Control. (e) None of (a) through (c) above shall apply, however, (i) in the case of any Award pursuant to an Award Agreement requiring other or additional terms upon a Change of Control (or similar event), or (ii) if specifically prohibited under applicable laws, or by the rules and regulations of any governing governmental agencies or national securities exchanges. 10. Settlement of Awards 
 10.1 In General . Options and Restricted Stock shall be settled in accordance with their terms. All other Awards may be settled in cash, Stock, or other Awards, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee at or after grant and subject to any contrary Award Agreement. The Committee may not require settlement of any Award in Stock pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence to the extent issuance of such Stock would be prohibited or unreasonably delayed by reason of any other provision of the Plan.
 10.2 Violation of Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or the relevant Award Agreement, if, at any time, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, the issuance of shares of Stock covered by an Award may constitute a violation of law, then the Company may delay such issuance until (i) approval shall have been obtained from such governmental agencies, other than the Securities and Exchange Commission, as may be required under any applicable law, rule, or regulation and (ii) in the case where such issuance would constitute a violation of a law administered by or a regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, one of the following conditions shall have been satisfied:
 (a) the shares of Stock are at the time of the issue of such shares effectively registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

 13 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 (b) the Company shall have determined, on such basis as it deems appropriate (including an opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Company) that the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or other disposition of such shares does not require registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or any applicable State securities laws.
 Furthermore, the inability of the Company to obtain or maintain, or the impracticability of it obtaining or maintaining, authority from any governmental agency having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any Stock hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such Stock as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained, and shall constitute circumstances in which the Committee may determine to amend or cancel Awards pertaining to such Stock, with or without consideration to the affected Participants. 10.3 Corporate Restrictions on Rights in Stock . Any Stock to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to all restrictions upon the transfer thereof which may be now or hereafter imposed by the charter, certificate or articles, and by-laws, of the Company. Whenever Stock is to be issued pursuant to an Award, if the Committee so directs at or after grant, the Company shall be under no obligation to issue such shares until such time, if ever, as the recipient of the Award (and any person who exercises any Option, in whole or in part), shall have become a party to and bound by the Stockholders Agreement, if any.
 10.4 Investment Representations . The Company shall be under no obligation to issue any shares of Stock covered by any Award unless the shares to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan have been effectively registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Participant shall have made such written representations to the Company (upon which the Company believes it may reasonably rely) as the Company may deem necessary or appropriate for purposes of confirming that the issuance of such shares will be exempt from the registration requirements of that Act and any applicable state securities laws and otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction in which Participants may reside or primarily work, including but not limited to that the Participant is acquiring the shares for his or her own account for the purpose of investment and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, the distribution of any such shares.
 10.5 Registration . If the Company shall deem it necessary or desirable to register under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other applicable statutes any shares of Stock issued or to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, or to qualify any such shares of Stock for exemption from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or other applicable statutes, then the Company shall take such action at its own expense. The Company may require from each recipient of an Award, or each holder of shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan, such information in writing for use in any registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus or offering circular as is reasonably necessary for that purpose and may require reasonable indemnity to the Company and its officers and directors from that holder against all losses, claims, damage and liabilities arising from use of the information so furnished and caused by any untrue statement of any material fact therein or caused by the omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances under which they were made. In addition, the Company may require of any such person that he or she agree that, without the prior written consent of the Company or the managing underwriter in any public offering of shares of Stock, he or she will not sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, pledge or otherwise encumber, or otherwise dispose of, any shares of Stock during the 180 day period commencing on the effective date of the registration statement relating to the underwritten public offering of securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.5, if in connection with any underwritten public offering of securities of the Company the managing underwriter of such offering requires that the Company s directors and officers enter into a lock-up agreement containing provisions that are more restrictive than the provisions set forth in the preceding sentence, then (a) each holder of shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan (regardless of whether such person has complied or complies with the provisions of clause (b) below) shall be bound by, and shall be deemed to have agreed to, the same lock-up terms as those to which the Company s directors and officers are required to adhere; and (b) at the request of the Company or such managing underwriter, each such person shall execute and deliver a lock-up agreement in form and substance equivalent to that which is required to be executed by the Company s directors and officers.

 14 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 10.6 Placement of Legends; Stop Orders; etc . Each share of Stock to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan may bear a reference to the investment representations made in accordance with Section 10.4 in addition to any other applicable restrictions under the Plan, and the terms of the Award and under the Stockholders Agreement and, if applicable, to the fact that no registration statement has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect to such shares of Stock. All shares of Stock or other securities issued under the Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations, and other requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Stock is then listed, and any applicable federal or state securities law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions, or, if the Stock will be held in book-entry position through the Company s transfer agent s direct registration system, the restrictions will be appropriately noted.
 10.7 Tax Withholding . Whenever shares of Stock are issued or to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, the Company shall have the right to require the recipient to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local, foreign or other withholding tax requirements if, when, and to the extent required by law (whether so required to secure for the Company an otherwise available tax deduction or otherwise) prior to the delivery of any certificate or certificates, held in book-entry position through the Company s transfer agent s direct registration system, for such shares. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on satisfaction of all such withholding obligations and the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant or to utilize any other withholding method prescribed by the Committee from time to time. However, in such cases Participants may elect, subject to the approval of the Committee, acting in its sole discretion, to satisfy an applicable withholding requirement, in whole or in part, by having the Company withhold shares of Stock to satisfy their tax obligations. All elections shall be irrevocable, made in writing, signed by the Participant, and shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee deems appropriate. If shares of Stock are withheld to satisfy an applicable withholding requirement, the shares of Stock withheld shall have a Market Value on the date the tax is to be determined equal to the minimum statutory total tax which could be imposed on the transaction, provided , however , if shares of Stock are withheld to satisfy a withholding requirement imposed by a country other than the United States, the amount withheld may exceed such minimum, provided that it is not in excess of the actual amount required to be withheld with respect to the Participant under applicable tax law or regulations.
 10.8 Company Charter and By-Laws; Other Company Policies . This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder are subject to the charter and By-Laws of the Company, as they may be amended from time to time, and all other Company policies duly adopted by the Board, the Committee or any other committee of the Board and as in effect from time to time regarding the acquisition, ownership or sale of Stock by employees and other service providers, including, without limitation, policies intended to limit the potential for insider trading and to avoid or recover compensation payable or paid on the basis of inaccurate financial results or statements, employee conduct, and other similar events.
 11. Reservation of Stock 
 The Company shall at all times during the term of the Plan and any outstanding Awards granted hereunder reserve or otherwise keep available such number of shares of Stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan (if then in effect) and the Awards and shall pay all fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith. 12. Limitation of Rights in Stock; No Special Service Rights 
 A Participant shall not be deemed for any purpose to be a stockholder of the Company with respect to any of the shares of Stock subject to an Award, unless and until a certificate shall have been issued therefor and delivered to the Participant or his agent, or the Stock shall be issued through the Company s transfer agent s direct registration system. Any Stock to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to all restrictions upon the transfer thereof which may be now or hereafter imposed by the certificate or articles of incorporation and the by-laws of the Company. Nothing contained in the Plan or in any Award Agreement shall confer upon any recipient of an Award any right with respect to the continuation of his or her employment or other 
 15 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 association with the Company (or any Affiliate), or interfere in any way with the right of the Company (or any Affiliate), subject to the terms of any separate employment or consulting agreement or provision of law or corporate articles or by-laws to the contrary, at any time to terminate such employment or consulting agreement or to increase or decrease, or otherwise adjust, the other terms and conditions of the recipient s employment or other association with the Company and its Affiliates. 13. Unfunded Status of Plan 
 The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive compensation, and the Plan is not intended to constitute a plan subject to the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company. In its sole discretion, the Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Stock or payments with respect to Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and other Awards hereunder, provided, however , that the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the unfunded status of the Plan. It is further intended that all Awards shall be granted and maintained on a basis which ensures they are exempt from, or otherwise compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Plan shall be governed, interpreted and enforced consistent with such intent. Neither the Committee nor the Company, nor any of its Affiliates or its or their officers, employees, agents, or representatives, shall have any liability or responsibility for any adverse federal, state or local tax consequences and penalty taxes which may result the grant or settlement of any Award on a basis contrary to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code or comparable provisions of any applicable state or local income tax laws. 14. Nonexclusivity of the Plan 
 Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor any action taken in connection with the adoption or operation of the Plan shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, including without limitation, the granting of stock options and restricted stock other than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases. 15. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences 
 It is intended that all Awards shall be granted and maintained on a basis which ensures they are exempt from, or otherwise compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, pertaining non-qualified plans of deferred compensation, and the Plan shall be governed, interpreted and enforced consistent with such intent. However, neither the Company nor any Affiliate, nor any director, officer, agent, representative or employee of either, guarantees to the Participant or any other person any particular tax consequences as a result of the grant of, exercise of rights under, or payment in respect of an Award, including but not limited to that an Option granted as an Incentive Option has or will qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code or that the provisions and penalties of Section 409A of the Code will or will not apply and no person shall have any liability to a Participant or any other party if a payment under an Award that is intended to benefit from favorable tax treatment or avoid adverse tax treatment fails to realize such intention or for any action taken by the Board or the Committee with respect to the Award. 16. Termination and Amendment of the Plan 
 16.1 Termination or Amendment of the Plan . Subject to the limitations contained in Section 16.3 below, including specifically the requirement of stockholder approval, if applicable, the Board may at any time terminate the Plan or make such modifications of the Plan as it shall deem advisable. Unless the Board otherwise expressly provides, no amendment of the Plan shall affect the terms of any Award outstanding on the date of such amendment.

 16 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 16.2 Termination or Amendment of Outstanding Awards; Assumptions . Subject to the limitations contained in Section 16.3 below, including specifically the requirement of stockholder approval, if applicable, the Committee may at any time:
 (a) amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively, provided that the Award as amended is consistent with the terms of the Plan;
 (b) within the limitations of the Plan, modify, extend or assume outstanding Awards or accept the cancellation of outstanding Awards or of outstanding stock options or other equity-based compensation awards granted by another issuer in return for the grant of new Awards for the same or a different number of shares of Stock and on the same or different terms and conditions (including but not limited to the exercise price of any Option); and
 (c) offer to buy out for a payment in cash or cash equivalents an Award previously granted or authorize the recipient of an Award to elect to cash out an Award previously granted, in either case at such time and based upon such terms and conditions as the Committee shall establish.
 16.3 Limitations on Amendments, Etc .
 (a) Without the approval of the Company s stockholders, no amendment or modification of the Plan by the Board may (i) increase the number of shares of Stock which may be issued under the Plan, (ii) change the description of the persons eligible for Awards, or (iii) effect any other change for which stockholder approval is required by law or the rules of any relevant stock exchange.
 (b) No action by the Board or the Committee pursuant to this Section 16 shall impair the rights of the recipient of any Award outstanding on the date of such amendment or modification or such Award, as the case may be, without the Participant s consent; provided, however, that no such consent shall be required if (i) the Board or Committee, as the case may be, determines in its sole discretion and prior to the date of any Change of Control that such amendment or alteration either is required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy any law or regulation, including without limitation the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, or to meet the requirements of or avoid adverse financial accounting consequences under any accounting standard, (ii) the Board or Committee, as the case may be, determines in its sole discretion and prior to the date of any Change of Control that such amendment or alteration is not reasonably likely to significantly diminish the benefits provided under the Award, or that any such diminution has been adequately compensated, or (iii) the Board or Committee, as the case may be, determines in its sole discretion that such amendment or alteration either is required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy any law or regulation.
 17. Notices and Other Communications 
 Any communication or notice required or permitted to be given under the Plan shall be in such form as the Committee may determine from time to time. If a notice, demand, request or other communication is required or permitted to be given in writing, then any such notice, demand, request or other communication hereunder to any party shall be deemed to be sufficient if contained in a written instrument delivered in person or duly sent by first class registered, certified or overnight mail, postage prepaid, or telecopied with a confirmation copy by regular, certified or overnight mail, addressed or telecopied, as the case may be, (i) if to the recipient of an Award, at his or her residence address last filed with the Company and (ii) if to the Company, at its principal place of business, addressed to the attention of its Treasurer, or to such other address or telecopier number, as the case may be, as the addressee may have designated by notice to the addressor. All such notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be deemed to have been received: (i) in the case of personal delivery, on the date of such delivery; (ii) in the case of mailing, when received by the addressee; and (iii) in the case of facsimile transmission, when confirmed by facsimile machine report. 
 17 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 18. Governing Law 
 The Plan and all Award Agreements and actions taken hereunder and thereunder shall be governed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 18 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.41>
 3
 pfsi-20221231xex10d41.htm
 EX-10.41
 
 Corporate Template 
 Exhibit 10.41 
 AMENDMENT NO. 3 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED MORTGAGE BANKING SERVICES AGREEMENT Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022 (the Amendment ), by and between PennyMac Loan Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Service Provider ), and PennyMac Corp. , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and effective as of November 1, 2022 . RECITALS WHEREAS, the Service Provider and the Company are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020 (the Existing MBS Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the MBS Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Existing MBS Agreement. WHEREAS, the Service Provider and the Company have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, that the Existing MBS Agreement be amended to reflect certain agreed upon revisions to the terms of the Existing MBS Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises and mutual obligations set forth herein, the Service Provider and the Company hereby agree that the Existing MBS Agreement is hereby amended as follows: SECTION 1. Amendments to Exhibit A . Exhibit A of the Existing MBS Agreement is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it with the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
 SECTION 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first set forth above (the Amendment Effective Date ), subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
 2.1 Delivered Documents . On the Amendment Effective Date, each party shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to such party in form and substance:
 (a) this Amendment, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Service Provider and the Company; and
 (b) such other documents as such party or counsel to such party may reasonably request.
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each party represents that it is in compliance in all material respects with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Existing MBS Agreement on its part to be observed or performed.

SECTION 4. Limited Effect . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Existing MBS Agreement shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 SECTION 5. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 
 SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall constitute one and the same agreement.
 SECTION 7. Conflicts . The parties hereto agree that in the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Amendment, and the terms of the Existing MBS Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall control.
 [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. The Service Provider: PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC By: /s/ Douglas E. Jones Name: Douglas E. Jones Title: President and Chief Mortgage Banking Officer The Company: PENNYMAC CORP. By: /s/ Daniel S. Perotti Name: Daniel S. Perotti Title: Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Services Agreement 

EXHIBIT A (Compensation) Fulfillment Fees The aggregate Fulfillment Fees for Mortgage Loans during any fiscal quarter, commencing on and after October 1, 2020, shall not exceed: (a) the product of (i) the number of Mortgage Loans with respect to which the Company issues Loan Commitments during such quarter, (ii) a factor of either .99 or .80 (representing the estimated pull through rate) depending on whether the Loan Commitments are subject to a mandatory trade confirmation or a best efforts lock confirmation, respectively, and (iii) (A) 585.00 for each pull-through adjusted Loan Commitment issued during such quarter up to and including a total of 16,500, and (B) 355.00 for each pull-through adjusted Loan Commitment issued during such quarter in excess of 16,500, the payment of which shall made no later than the end of the calendar month following the calendar month of such Loan Commitments, plus (b) (I) for the first 16,500 Mortgage Loans that are purchased by the Company from an approved Correspondent during such quarter (the Tier 1 Purchased Loans ), funding fees in an amount no greater than the product of (i) 315.00, and (ii) the number of such Tier 1 Purchased Loans, plus (II) for all Mortgage Loans purchased in excess of 16,500 during such quarter (the Tier 2 Purchased Loans ), funding fees in an amount no greater than the product of (i) 195.00, and (ii) the number of such Tier 2 Purchased Loans, the payment of which shall be made no later than the end of the calendar month following the calendar month in which such Purchased Loans were purchased by the Company; plus (c) in the case of all Mortgage Loans other than Fannie Mae Mortgage Loans and Freddie Mac Mortgage Loans that are purchased by the Company from an approved Correspondent during such quarter, supplemental fees in an amount no greater than the product of (i) 750.00, and (ii) the number of such Mortgage Loans sold and securitized (the Supplemental Fees ), the payment of which shall be made no later than the end of the calendar month following the calendar month in which such Mortgage Loan was sold or securitized. To the extent any Loan Commitments issued prior to July 1, 2020 result in the funding of Mortgage Loans on or after July 1, 2020, the aggregate Fulfillment Fees for all such Mortgage Loans purchased from an approved Correspondent shall equal (a) no greater than the product of (i) 0.35 and (ii) the aggregate initial unpaid principal balance (the Initial UPB of all such Mortgage Loans purchased in such month, the payment of which shall made no later than the end of the calendar month following the calendar month in which such Mortgage Loan was purchased, plus (b) in the case of all Mortgage Loans other than Fannie Mae Mortgage Loans and Freddie Mac Mortgage Loans, no greater than the product of (i) 0.50 and (ii) the aggregate Initial UPB of all such Mortgage Loans sold and securitized in any month, the payment of which shall be made 

no later than the end of the calendar month following the calendar month in which such Mortgage Loan was sold or securitized. No Fulfillment Fee shall be due or payable to the Service Provider with respect to the following: (i) any Ginnie Mae Mortgage Loan; (ii) any Fannie Mae Mortgage Loan or Freddie Mac Mortgage Loan acquired from the Company by the Service Provider pursuant to Section 3.03(xxvi); or (iii) any Mortgage Loan acquired from the Servicer Provider, provided that Supplemental Fees may still be charged in connection with the securitization or sale of any such Mortgage Loans. For the purposes of this Exhibit A, mandatory trade confirmation and best efforts lock confirmation shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the PennyMac Guide. Early Purchase Program Fees With respect to each Early Purchase Program, the Service Provider shall be entitled to fees that accrue (a) at a rate equal to 1,500 per annum, and (b) in the amount of 35 with respect to each Mortgage Loan purchased by the Company thereunder. The fee described in clause (a) shall accrue and be payable monthly not later than the last Business Day of each month from and after the execution of the Early Purchase Program documentation. The fee described in clause (b) shall accrue and be payable monthly not later than the fifth (5 th Business Day following the month during which the related Mortgage Loan first becomes subject to a transaction thereunder. 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 pfsi-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 LIST OF PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. SUBSIDIARIES as of December 31, 2022 

Entity Entity Type State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PNMAC Capital Management, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PennyMac Loan Services, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PNMAC GMSR ISSUER TRUST Statutory Trust Delaware PNMAC Holdings, Inc. Corporation Delaware PennyMac Products, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware Pennymac Properties, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PennyMac Services, Inc. Corporation California PennyPantry, LLC Limited Liability Company California PFSI Funding, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PFSI EBO Series I, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PFSI EBO Series II, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PFSI ISSUER TRUST FMSR Statutory Trust Delaware PFSI OTC TRUST FHLMSR Statutory Trust Delaware PFSI REO Series I, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PFSI Mortgage Finance Series I, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PFSI Mortgage Finance Series II, LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware PFSI 2020-EBO1 Trust Statutory Trust Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 pfsi-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-188929, 333-213602, 333-218388, 333-225582, 333-232081, 333-238967, 333-256900 and 333-265323 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-191522 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 22, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Los Angeles, California February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 pfsi-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, David A. Spector, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 22, 2023 

/s/ David A. Spector David A. Spector Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 pfsi-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Daniel S. Perotti, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 22, 2023 

/s/ Daniel S. Perotti Daniel S. Perotti Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 pfsi-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David A. Spector, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: February 22, 2023 

/s/ David A. Spector David A. Spector Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and will be retained by PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 pfsi-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel S. Perotti, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: February 22, 2023 

/s/ Daniel S. Perotti Daniel S. Perotti Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and will be retained by PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 pfsi-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 pfsi-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 pfsi-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 pfsi-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 pfsi-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

