<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1533615_0001558370-23-002515.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17456836</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>304124</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1824906</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6592142</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2781178</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5487536</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002515.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301120108
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002515
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Medical REIT Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533615
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				464757266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37815
		FILM NUMBER:		23691647

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 440
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-524-6851

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 440
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCOOP MEDIA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002515.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 gmre-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 F UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million as of June 30, 2022. As of February 24, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value of 0.001 per share, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement filed in connection with the registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Registrant expects to file its definitive Proxy Statement with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022 . 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I Item 1 . Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 36 Item 2. Properties 36 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 36 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 36 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 37 Item 6. [Reserved] 38 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 52 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 80 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 80 Item 9B. Other Information 82 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 82 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 82 Item 11. Executive Compensation 82 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 82 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 82 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 82 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 83 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 88 Signatures 89 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). In particular, statements pertaining to our trends, liquidity, capital resources, and the healthcare industry and the healthcare real estate markets and opportunity, among others, contain forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including, but not limited to, believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates or anticipates or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties, and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; our ability to collect rents; increases in interest rates and increased operating costs; difficulties in identifying healthcare facilities to acquire (due to increased cost of capital, competition or otherwise) and completing such acquisitions; the outcome of a tenant bankruptcy process, including, but not limited to, whether: (i) the tenant accepts or rejects its lease with us, (ii) if the tenant accepts our lease, it is able to continue making rental payments to us after the conclusion of the bankruptcy process, or (iii) if the tenant rejects our lease, whether we will be paid any or all amounts due to us out of the bankruptcy estate; macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including, but not limited to, inflationary pressures, interest rate volatility, global supply chain disruptions and ongoing geopolitical conflicts and war; the effects of the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic (including any related variants of the COVID-19 virus such as the Delta variant, Omicron variant, or others), which are highly uncertain, cannot be predicted and will depend upon future developments, including the severity of COVID-19, the duration of the outbreak and potential resurgences, plateaued or stagnant vaccination and booster rates, adequate testing and treatments and the prevalence of widespread immunity to COVID-19; our ability to satisfy the covenants in our existing and any future debt agreements; decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates, including expected rent levels on acquired properties; adverse economic or real estate conditions or developments, either nationally or in the markets in which our facilities are located; our failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service our outstanding obligations; our ability to satisfy our short and long-term liquidity requirements; our ability to deploy the debt and equity capital we raise; our ability to hedge our interest rate risk; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to raise additional equity and debt capital on terms that are attractive or at all; our ability to make distributions on shares of our common and preferred stock or to redeem our preferred stock; expectations regarding the timing and/or completion of any acquisition; expectations regarding the timing and/or completion of dispositions, and the expected use of proceeds therefrom; general volatility of the market price of our common and preferred stock; changes in our business or our investment or financing strategy; our dependence upon key personnel, whose continued service is not guaranteed; our ability to identify, hire and retain highly qualified personnel in the future; the degree and nature of our competition; changes in healthcare laws, governmental regulations, tax laws and similar matters; changes in current healthcare and healthcare real estate trends; changes in expected trends in Medicare, Medicaid and commercial insurance reimbursement trends; competition for investment opportunities; our failure to successfully integrate acquired healthcare facilities; our expected capital and tenant improvement expenditures; changes in accounting policies generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP lack of, or insufficient amounts of, insurance; other factors affecting the real estate industry generally; changes in the tax treatment of our distributions; our failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; our ability to qualify for the safe harbors from the 100 Prohibited Transactions Tax under the REIT rules with respect to our property dispositions; and limitations imposed on our business and our ability to satisfy complex rules relating to REIT qualification for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Report for further discussion of these and other risks, as well as the risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in this Report and identified in other documents we may file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC from time to time. You should carefully consider these risks before making any investment decisions in our company. New risks and uncertainties may also emerge from time to time that could materially and adversely affect us. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, of new information, data or methods, future events or other changes after the date of this Report, except as required by applicable law. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that are based on information currently available to us or the third parties making the forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Organization Global Medical REIT Inc. (the Company, us, we, or our is a Maryland corporation and internally managed REIT that acquires healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to physician groups and regional and national healthcare systems. The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. We conduct our business through an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust, or UPREIT, structure in which our properties are owned by wholly owned subsidiaries of our operating partnership, Global Medical REIT L.P. (the Operating Partnership ). Our wholly owned subsidiary, Global Medical REIT GP LLC, is the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership and, as of December 31, 2022, we owned 93.97 of the outstanding common operating partnership units OP Units of our Operating Partnership with an aggregate of 6.03 of the Operating Partnership owned by holders of long-term incentive plan units LTIP Units and third-party limited partners who contributed properties or services to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units. Business Overview and Strategy Our business strategy is to invest in healthcare properties that provide an attractive rate of return relative to our cost of capital and are operated by profitable physician groups, regional or national healthcare systems or combinations thereof. We believe this strategy allows us to attain our goals of providing stockholders with (i) reliable dividends and (ii) stock price appreciation. To implement this strategy, we seek to invest: in medical office buildings and other de-centralized components of the healthcare delivery system because we believe that healthcare delivery trends in the U.S. are increasingly moving away from centralized hospital locations; in small to mid-sized healthcare facilities located in secondary markets and suburbs of primary markets and that provide services needed for an aging population such as cardiovascular treatment, rehabilitation, eye surgery, gastroenterology, oncology treatment and orthopedics. We believe these facilities and markets are typically overlooked by larger REITs and other healthcare investors but contain tenant credit profiles that are like those of larger, more expensive facilities in primary markets; and 
 to a lesser extent, in opportunistic acquisitions, including (i) certain acute-care hospitals and long-term acute care facilities (LTACs) that we believe provide premium, risk-adjusted returns, (ii) health system corporate office and administrative buildings, which we believe will help us develop relationships with larger health systems and (iii) behavioral and mental health facilities that are operated by national or regional operators and are located in markets that demonstrate a need for such services. 
 Most of our healthcare facilities are leased to single-tenants under triple-net leases. As we continue to grow our portfolio and the competition for single-tenant, triple-net leased properties has intensified, we have added to our portfolio some multi-tenant properties with gross lease or modified gross lease structures. Corporate Sustainability and Social Responsibility Our business values integrate environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and strong governance practices throughout our Company. Our Board of Directors (the Board continues to lead our environmental, social and governance ESG efforts and our Board has a standing ESG committee. The primary purpose of the ESG committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling our responsibilities to provide oversight and support of our commitment to ESG matters by overseeing: (1) our general ESG strategy and policies as set by our management, (2) communications with our employees, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to ESG matters, (3) developments relating to, and improving our understanding of, ESG matters, (4) our compliance with certain ESG-related legal and regulatory requirements, and (5) coordination with other Board committees on ESG matters of common import. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 We continue to improve and expand our efforts in the corporate sustainability arena through tenant outreach and data collection to benchmark our portfolio s energy consumption and efficiency. We submitted our 2022 GRESB assessment report on July 1, 2022 and received a score of 46, which was higher than our 2021 score. Our commitment to employee engagement remains a high-priority, as we continue to make accommodations for health, safety, and work-life balance. In 2022, we expanded our partnership with a national charitable organization to provide transportation in Orlando, Florida to healthcare facilities for those in need. We started the project in 2021 in the Phoenix, Arizona metro area with a ride-share provider and a national charitable organization. The program s success has allowed us to expand into Orlando, Florida and to potentially more cities in the future. Climate Change We take climate change and the risks associated with climate change seriously. We prioritize energy efficiency and sustainability when evaluating investment opportunities and have begun to monitor our portfolio for climate risk factors. We utilize utility and energy audits that are performed by third-party engineering consultants during the due diligence phase of our acquisitions. The energy consumption data that we collect is used to assess our facilities carbon emission levels. Capturing and tracking this information may help inform future mitigation and remediation efforts when possible. To that end, we are exploring ways to mitigate climate risk, should it be present, in our acquisition strategy, as well as ways to contribute to the reduction of climate impact through proactive asset management that looks for ways to incorporate renewable energy resources and energy utilization reduction. We stand with our communities, tenants, and stockholders in supporting meaningful solutions that address this global challenge and contribute to the sustainability of our business objectives. Impact of Inflation After many years of low inflation, the U.S. inflation rate increased substantially during 2022, with the December 2022 annual inflation rate equaling 6.5 . In response to the increase in the inflation rate, the U.S. Federal Reserve (the Fed instituted a number of increases to the Federal Funds Rate throughout the year, with the rate increasing from a target range of 0 to 0.25 at the beginning of 2022 to a current range of 4.50 to 4.75 as of its meeting in February 2023. The increase in the Federal Funds Rate, along with other actions taken by the Fed, had a ripple effect on other benchmark interest rates, including one-month term Standard Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which is the reference rate for our indebtedness under our Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility (the Credit Facility . From the beginning of 2022 through February 24, 2023, one-month term SOFR has increased from close to 0 to 4.5 , which, in turn, has led to a significant increase in our interest expense. Additionally, as most of our leases are triple-net leases, we are somewhat insulated from the effects of inflation on our operating expenses. However, due to the longer-term nature of our leases, we are not able to quickly increase rents to offset fully the effects of increased interest rates and inflation on our interest expense and other costs. Continuing Impact of COVID-19 The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the healthcare industry in many ways. Many stories exist about U.S. healthcare workers, especially nurses, experiencing burnout due to the length and severity of the pandemic, and this has caused many nurses and other medical professionals to switch jobs within the medical profession or quit the profession altogether. This phenomenon has led to material increases in labor costs for healthcare systems, especially hospital systems, as some employers have had to rely on higher costing contract nursing labor to sustain their businesses. The increase in labor costs, among various other factors, contributed to the rapid increase in inflation during 2022. Furthermore, the continued spread of the BA.5 variant of COVID-19 (and its subvariants) in the U.S. has prolonged the COVID-19 pandemic, which could continue to disrupt our operations and the operations of our tenants and third-party service providers. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Our Properties As of December 31, 2022 we had gross investments of approximately 1.5 billion in real estate properties, consisting of 189 buildings with an aggregate of (i) approximately 4.9 million leasable square feet and (ii) approximately 114.5 million of annualized base rent. The tables below summarize information about our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Also see Schedule III Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation, for additional information about our properties. Summary of Investments by Type The following table contains information about our portfolio by type of property as of December 31, 2022: 

Leasable Square of Annualized Base Rent (ABR) Type Feet (LSF) LSF (in thousands) (1) of ABR Medical Office Building (MOB) (2) 3,670,193 75.0 77,570 67.8 Inpatient Rehab. Facility (IRF) 547,007 11.2 20,083 17.5 Surgical Hospital 174,984 3.6 6,731 5.9 Other (3) 503,451 10.2 10,085 8.8 Total 4,895,635 100.0 114,469 100.0 

 (1) Monthly base rent for December 2022, multiplied by 12 (or base rent net of annualized expenses for properties with gross leases). (2) Our MOB category includes buildings with special uses such as surgery centers, imaging, labs, urgent care, dialysis, and plasma centers, among others. (3) Other ABR includes healthcare administrative office 2,681), acute-care hospital 2,475), long-term acute care hospital 2,471), behavioral hospital 1,352), free-standing emergency department 973) and retail space 133). 
 Geographic Concentration The following table contains information regarding the geographic concentration of our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Adverse economic or other conditions (including significant weather events) in the states that contain a high concentration of our facilities could adversely affect us. See Risk Factors We have significant geographic concentration in a small number of states, including Texas, Florida, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Arizona, and Illinois. Economic and other conditions that negatively affect those states and our tenants in those states could have a greater effect on our revenues than if our properties were more geographically diverse . 

Leasable Square Annualized Base Rent (ABR) State Feet (LSF) of LSF (in thousands) (1) of ABR Texas 727,176 14.9 20,174 17.6 Florida 561,466 11.5 11,796 10.3 Ohio 416,926 8.5 9,454 8.3 Oklahoma 196,777 4.0 7,271 6.4 Pennsylvania 286,339 5.8 7,070 6.2 Arizona 183,835 3.8 6,545 5.7 Illinois 307,848 6.3 6,539 5.7 Other (2) 2,215,268 45.2 45,620 39.8 Total 4,895,635 100.0 114,469 100.0 

 (1) Monthly base rent for December 2022, multiplied by 12 (or base rent net of annualized expenses for properties with gross leases). (2) Our remaining properties are located in 28 other states, with no state accounting for more than 5 of our ABR. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 Significant Tenants The following tenants each account for at least 5 of our annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. Adverse changes to any of their financial conditions or our failure to renew our leases with these tenants could adversely affect us. See Risk Factors The inability of any of our significant tenants to pay rent to us could have a disproportionate negative affect on our revenues and Risk Factors Most of our healthcare facilities are occupied by a single tenant, and we may have difficulty finding suitable replacement tenants in the event of a tenant default or non-renewal of our leases, especially for our healthcare facilities located in smaller markets. 

Leasable Square Annualized Base Rent (ABR) Tenant Feet (LSF) of LSF (in thousands) (1) of ABR LifePoint Health (2) 157,151 3.2 7,582 6.6 Encompass Health Corporation 254,006 5.2 7,274 6.4 Memorial Health System 155,600 3.2 5,507 4.8 Total 566,757 11.6 20,363 17.8 

 (1) Monthly base rent for December 2022, multiplied by 12 (or base rent net of annualized expenses for properties with gross leases). (2) LifePoint Health is formerly known as Kindred Healthcare Inc. 
 Lease Expirations The following table contains information regarding the lease expiration dates of the leases in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 

Annualized Base Rent (ABR) Year Number of Leases Leased Square Feet (in thousands) (1) of ABR 2023 69 363,420 7,542 6.6 2024 64 700,146 15,672 13.7 2025 43 366,727 8,856 7.7 2026 58 516,094 11,327 9.9 2027 44 479,579 12,096 10.6 2028 19 170,950 4,063 3.5 2029 23 471,026 11,382 9.9 2030 24 381,492 9,592 8.4 2031 13 287,889 6,348 5.5 2032 7 80,310 2,490 2.2 Thereafter 36 904,621 25,101 22.0 Total 400 4,722,254 (2) 114,469 100.0 

 (1) Monthly base rent for December 2022, multiplied by 12 (or base rent net of annualized expenses for properties with gross leases). (2) The remaining 173,381 of leasable square feet, or 3.5 of our overall leasable square feet, is vacant. 
 Ground Leases As of December 31, 2022, we had seven buildings located on land that is subject to operating ground leases, representing approximately 3.8 of our total leasable square feet and approximately 4.2 of our December 2022 annualized base rent. The ground leases subject these properties to certain restrictions, including restrictions on our ability to re-let such facilities to tenants not affiliated with the ground lessor, rights of first offer and refusal with respect to sales of the facilities and restrictions that limit the types of medical procedures that may be performed at the facilities. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments Chapter 11 Reorganization Filing of Pipeline Health System, LLC On October 3, 2022, Pipeline Health System, LLC Pipeline ), announced that it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code. At the time of its bankruptcy filing, Pipeline operated seven hospitals in three states, including the White Rock Medical Center in Dallas, Texas, an acute-care hospital owned by the Company where Pipeline is the sole tenant. According to the filed bankruptcy documents, although Pipeline has experienced the same labor and reimbursement pressures that many acute-care hospitals have been facing since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the primary reason for the bankruptcy filing relates to Pipeline s facilities in Chicago, Illinois, and not the White Rock Medical Center. While in bankruptcy, Pipeline sold its facilities in Chicago, Illinois and on January 13, 2023, the bankruptcy court approved Pipeline s plan of reorganization (the Reorganization Plan ). As part of the Reorganization Plan, Pipeline agreed to assume our leases at White Rock Medical Center with certain amendments to facilitate its emergence from bankruptcy and new operating plan. The Reorganization Plan with respect to the Company s leases with Pipeline was effective as of February 6, 2023. Acquisition Under Contract As of February 24, 2023, we had one acquisition under contract for a purchase price of approximately 6.7 million. We are currently in the due diligence period for our property under contract. If we identify problems with this property or the operator of this property during our due diligence review, we may not close the transaction on a timely basis or we may terminate the purchase agreement and not close the transaction. Properties Under Contract for Sale As of February 24, 2023, we had two properties under contract for sale for aggregate gross sales proceeds of approximately 11.6 million and an aggregate net book value of 8.3 million. The transactions are expected to be completed by March 31, 2023. The buyers are currently in the due diligence periods and the transactions are subject to various closing contingencies. Accordingly, the transactions may not close on a timely basis or the buyers may terminate the purchase agreements and not close the transactions. Healthcare Industry and Healthcare Real Estate Market Opportunity We believe our primary investment strategy takes advantage of current trends in healthcare and healthcare delivery, including an aging population and the decentralization of healthcare, while also providing flexibility to make opportunistic acquisitions and dispositions. Aging U.S. Population Driving Increase in Demand for Healthcare Services The general aging of the population, driven by the baby boomer generation and advances in medical technology and services which increase life expectancy, is a key driver of the growth in healthcare expenditures. According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the nation s 65-and older population has grown rapidly since 2010, driven by Baby Boomers born between 1946 and 1964. The 65-and-older population grew by over a third during the past decade, and by 3.2 from 2018 to 2019. We believe that demographic trends in the United States, including an aging population, will result in continued growth in the demand for healthcare services utilized by an aging population, which in turn will lead to an increasing need for a greater supply of specialized, well-located healthcare facilities. Clinical Care Continues to Shift Away from Large, Centralized Facilities We believe the continued shift in the delivery of healthcare services away from large, centralized facilities to smaller, more specialized facilities will increase the need for smaller, more specialized and efficient hospitals and outpatient facilities that take advantage of these shifting trends. Procedures traditionally performed in large, general hospitals, such as certain types of surgeries, are increasingly moving to more conveniently located, specialized facilities driven by advances in clinical science, shifting consumer preferences, limited or inefficient space in existing hospitals and lower costs in the non-hospital environment. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Opportunistic Acquisitions Despite the continued shift in the delivery of healthcare services to smaller, more specialized facilities, we believe opportunities exist to acquire larger, acute-care facilities, such as acute-care hospitals and LTACs, with very attractive submarket fundamentals at compelling valuations. Despite the trends away from acute-care facilities, we believe that certain, well-located acute-care hospitals and LTACs will still be critical components of the U.S. healthcare system. We also opportunistically invest in large health system s corporate and administrative office buildings. We believe investments in these types of facilities helps us build relationships with large health systems, which could lead to us becoming a preferred landlord for such health systems medical facilities. We also invest in behavioral and mental health facilities that are operated by national or regional operators and are in markets that demonstrate a need for such services. Although not the primary focus of our investment strategy, we believe allocating a portion of our portfolio to opportunistic acquisitions helps diversify our portfolio and is consistent with our strategy of aligning ourselves with strong operators. Dispositions We believe in certain circumstances, dispositions help to strengthen our portfolio and provide cash flow and gains from the sales that can be used for re-investment or to reduce indebtedness. In July 2022, we sold a medical office building located in Germantown, Tennessee receiving gross proceeds of 17.9 million, resulting in a gain of approximately 6.8 million. Qualification as a REIT We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. Subject to a number of significant exceptions, a corporation that qualifies as a REIT generally is not subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxes on income and gains that it distributes to its stockholders, thereby reducing its corporate-level taxes. In order to qualify as a REIT, a substantial percentage of our assets must be qualifying real estate assets and a substantial percentage of our income must be rental revenue from real property or interest on mortgage loans. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT, and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner. However, we cannot provide assurances that we will continue to operate in a manner to remain qualified as a REIT. Competition We compete with many other real estate investors for acquisitions of healthcare properties, including healthcare operators, and real estate investors such as private equity firms and other REITs, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. The resiliency of medical office buildings during the COVID-19 pandemic caused many real estate investors to enter the market in search of reliable returns. This influx of investors has caused medical office building prices and competition to increase significantly, especially for Class A properties in prime locations, but has also caused similar increases in our target markets. Additionally, our healthcare facilities and tenants often face competition from nearby hospitals, other medical practices, and other healthcare facilities, including urgent care and other primary care facilities, that provide comparable services. If our tenants competitors have greater geographic coverage, improved access and convenience to physicians and patients, provide or are perceived to provide higher quality services, recruit physicians to provide competing services at their facilities, expand or improve their services or obtain more favorable managed-care contracts, our tenants may not be able to successfully compete. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Government Programs, Laws and Regulations Medicare and Medicaid Programs Sources of revenue for our tenants typically include the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Healthcare providers continue to face increased government pressure to control or reduce healthcare costs and significant reductions in healthcare reimbursement, including reduced reimbursements and changes to payment methodologies under the Affordable Care Act. In some cases, private insurers rely on all or portions of the Medicare payment systems to determine payment rates, which may result in decreased reimbursement from private insurers. The need to control Medicaid expenditures may be exacerbated by the potential for increased enrollment in Medicaid programs due to unemployment and declines in family incomes. Historically, states have often attempted to reduce Medicaid spending by limiting benefits and tightening Medicaid eligibility requirements. Efforts by Medicare and Medicaid to reduce reimbursements will likely continue, which could negatively affect our tenant s revenues and their ability to pay rent to us. Affordable Care Act The Affordable Care Act is a comprehensive healthcare reform law that contains various provisions that may directly impact our tenants. The primary goal of the Affordable Care Act is to broaden insurance coverage for the uninsured population by expanding Medicaid coverage, creating health insurance exchanges and mandating that uninsured individuals purchase health insurance. The Affordable Care Act also contains provisions aimed at lowering the cost of healthcare, including lowering increases in Medicare payment rates and promoting alternate reimbursement methods for providers that focus on patient outcomes rather than volume. In addition to expanding coverage and controlling costs, the Affordable Care Act also contains provisions intended to combat healthcare fraud, including Medicare fraud and abuse. On June 28, 2012, the United States Supreme Court partially invalidated the expansion of Medicaid and allowed states not to participate in the expansion without losing their existing Medicaid funding. In addition, on December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the TCJA. The TCJA eliminated the tax penalty for violating the individual mandate provision of the Affordable Care Act. Although the Affordable Care Act s expansion of insurance coverage may benefit our tenants by increasing their number of insured patients, these benefits may be offset by the fact that (i) many of the newly insured under the Affordable Care Act are insured by policies that have high deductibles (and, thus, create higher patient credit risks for our tenants), (ii) some states have not implemented the Medicaid expansion or have implemented Medicaid expansion in such ways that may reduce potential enrollment (such as implementing work requirements), and, (iii) even if states have expanded Medicaid, Medicaid may not be accepted by some of our tenants. For our tenants that do accept Medicaid, they may receive lower reimbursements for Medicaid patients than for patients with Medicare or commercial insurance. Additionally, although the migration from Medicare fee-for-service, or volume-based, payments to an outcome-based reimbursement model may lower overall healthcare costs, these changes could negatively affect our tenants if they are unable to adapt to a more outcome-oriented healthcare delivery model. The future of the Affordable Care Act is uncertain and any changes to existing laws and regulations, including the Affordable Care Act s repeal, modification or replacement, could have a long-term financial impact on the delivery of and payment for healthcare. Both our tenants and us may be adversely affected by the law or its repeal, modification or replacement. Fraud and Abuse Laws There are various federal and state laws prohibiting fraudulent and abusive business practices by healthcare providers who participate in, receive payments from, or are able to make referrals in connection with, government-sponsored healthcare programs, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Our leases with certain tenants may also be subject to these fraud and abuse laws. These laws include, without limitation: The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, the offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, the referral of any U.S. federal or state healthcare program patients; 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The Federal Physician Self-Referral Prohibition (commonly called the Stark Law ), which, subject to specific exceptions, restricts physicians who have financial relationships with healthcare providers from making referrals for designated health services for which payment may be made under Medicare or Medicaid programs to an entity with which the physician, or an immediate family member, has a financial relationship; The False Claims Act, which prohibits any person from knowingly presenting false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government, including under the Medicare and Medicaid programs; The Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which authorizes the Department of Health and Human Services to impose monetary penalties for certain fraudulent acts; and State anti-kickback, anti-inducement, anti-referral and insurance fraud laws which may be generally similar to, and potentially more expansive than, the federal laws set forth above. 
 Violations of these laws may result in criminal and/or civil penalties that range from punitive sanctions, damage assessments, penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid payments and/or exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In addition, the Affordable Care Act clarifies that the submission of claims for items or services generated in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim under the False Claims Act. The federal government has taken the position, and some courts have held, that violations of other laws, such as the Stark Law, can also be a violation of the False Claims Act. Additionally, certain laws, such as the False Claims Act, allow for individuals to bring whistleblower actions on behalf of the government for violations thereof. Imposition of any of these penalties upon one of our tenants could jeopardize that tenant s ability to operate or to make rent payments to us. Further, we enter into leases and other financial relationships with healthcare delivery systems that are subject to or impacted by these laws. We also have investors who are healthcare providers in our operating partnership. If any of our relationships, including those related to the other investors in our subsidiaries, are found not to comply with these laws, we and our physician investors may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties. Other Regulations The healthcare industry is heavily regulated by U.S. federal, state and local governmental authorities. Our tenants generally will be subject to laws and regulations covering, among other things, licensure, and certification for participation in government programs, billing for services, privacy and security of health information, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which provides for the privacy and security of certain individually identifiable health information, and relationships with physicians and other referral sources. In addition, new laws and regulations, changes in existing laws and regulations or changes in the interpretation of such laws or regulations could negatively affect our financial condition and the financial condition of our tenants. These changes, in some cases, could apply retroactively. The enactment, timing or effect of legislative or regulatory changes cannot be predicted. Many states regulate the construction of healthcare facilities, the expansion of healthcare facilities, the construction or expansion of certain services, including by way of example specific bed types and medical equipment, as well as certain capital expenditures through certificate of need, or CON, laws. Under such laws, the applicable state regulatory body must determine a need exists for a project before the project can be undertaken. If one of our tenants seeks to undertake a CON-regulated project but is not authorized by the applicable regulatory body to proceed with the project, the tenants would be prevented from operating in its intended manner. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect us directly and our tenants ability to make rent payments to us. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Environmental Regulations Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, current and prior owners and tenants of real estate may be jointly and severally liable for the costs of investigating, remediating, and monitoring certain hazardous substances or other regulated materials on or in such healthcare facility. In addition to these costs, the past or present owner or tenant of a healthcare facility from which a release emanates could be liable for any personal injury or property damage that results from such release, including for the unauthorized release of asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous substances into the air, as well as any damages to natural resources or the environment that arise from such releases. These environmental laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the current or prior owner or tenant knew of, or was responsible for, the presence or release of such substances or materials. Moreover, the release of hazardous substances or materials, or the failure to properly remediate such substances or materials, may adversely affect the owner s or tenant s ability to lease, sell, develop or rent such healthcare facility or to borrow by using such healthcare facility as collateral. Certain environmental laws impose compliance obligations on owners and tenants of real property with respect to the management of hazardous substances and other regulated materials. For example, environmental laws govern the management and removal of asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. Failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties or other sanctions. Human Capital Resources Our success is dependent on the success of our employees. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 29 employees. We support diversity, equality, and inclusion in our workforce. As of December 31, 2022, 34 of our workforce were women and 31 of our workforce was ethnically diverse. We believe we offer a competitive pay and benefits package, with nearly all of our employees participating in our equity incentive plans. We also foster the development of our employees expertise and skillsets, and encourage our employees to build new skill sets, such as in the ESG space. We have established policies to provide a safe, harassment-free work environment and have fostered a corporate culture based on fair and equal treatment. As a result, we believe our employees are committed to building strong, innovative and long-term relationships with each other and with our tenants. In response to COVID-19, employees at our corporate office are permitted to work remotely. Available Information We maintain a website at www.globalmedicalreit.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. We file registration statements, proxy statements, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, with the SEC. We make available, free of charge through the Investor Relations portion of the website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are also available on our website. These reports and other information are also available, free of charge, at www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following summarizes the material risks of purchasing or owning our securities. Our business, financial condition and/or results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be materially adversely affected by the nature and impact of these risks. In such case, the market value of our securities could be detrimentally affected, and investors may lose part or all of the value of their investment. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in this Item 1A, Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: We are dependent on our tenants for our revenues. Our tenants face a wide range of business risks, including economic, competitive, government reimbursement and regulatory risks, any of which could cause our tenants to be unable to pay rent to us. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 We finance a portion of our portfolio with unhedged floating-rate debt from our Credit Facility. The rapid increase in inflation during 2022 led to a rapid increase in market interest rates, which materially increased the interest rate on our floating rate debt. In addition to interest rate risk, we are subject to additional risks associated with our Credit Facility generally, including covenant restrictions. Our assets are concentrated in healthcare-related facilities, making us more economically vulnerable to specific industry-related risks than if our assets were diversified across different industries. The inability of any of our significant tenants to pay rent to us could have a disproportionate negative affect on our business. Competition for medical office buildings has increased significantly since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. Most of our healthcare facilities are occupied by a single tenant, and we may have difficulty finding suitable replacement tenants in the event of a tenant default or non-renewal of our leases, especially for our healthcare facilities located in smaller markets. Our tenants businesses have in the past and could again in the future be materially and adversely affected by the effects of the COVID-19 virus, including labor shortages that have resulted from nurses and other medical personnel switching jobs within the medical profession or quitting the medical profession altogether, and other viruses or pandemics could cause similar effects in the future. We have significant geographic concentration in a small number of states, including Texas, Florida, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Arizona, and Illinois. Economic and other conditions that negatively affect those states and our tenants in those states could have a greater effect on our revenues than if our properties were more geographically diverse. We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and, if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future acquisitions necessary to grow our business or meet maturing obligations. Subject to certain requirements under Maryland law and REIT requirements, the Board has sole discretion to determine if we will pay distributions and the amount and frequency of such distributions, and past distribution amounts may not be indicative of future distribution amounts. Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for distributions to our stockholders. Risks Related to our Business and Healthcare Facilities We are dependent on our tenants for our revenues. Our tenants face a wide range of business risks, including economic, competitive, government reimbursement and regulatory risks, any of which could cause our tenants to be unable to pay rent to us. We are dependent on our tenants for our revenues. Our tenants face a wide range of business risks, including economic, competitive, government reimbursement and regulatory risks, which may adversely affect their businesses and, in turn, their ability to pay rent to us. If any of our tenants were unable to pay their rent to us, our revenues and operating cash flows could be materially adversely affected, which in turn could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Our assets are concentrated in healthcare-related facilities, making us more economically vulnerable to specific industry-related risks than if our assets were diversified across different industries. We acquire and own healthcare-related facilities. We are subject to risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and specifically healthcare real estate. Any adverse effects that result from these risks could be more pronounced than if we diversified our investments outside of the healthcare industry. Any healthcare industry downturn could adversely affect the ability of our tenants to pay us rents and our ability to maintain current rental and occupancy rates. Our tenant mix could become even more concentrated if a significant portion of our tenants practice in a particular medical field or are reliant upon a particular healthcare delivery system. Accordingly, a downturn in the healthcare industry generally, or a particular medical field or healthcare delivery system specifically, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. The inability of any of our significant tenants to pay rent to us could have a disproportionate negative affect on our business. As of December 31, 2022, the annualized base rent from our top three tenants represented approximately 18 of our portfolio-wide annualized base rent, including our LifePoint Health facilities, which comprised approximately 7 of our annualized base rent; our Encompass facilities, which comprised approximately 6 of our annualized base rent; and our Memorial Health facilities, which comprised approximately 5 of our annualized base rent. We have no control over the success or failure of our significant tenants businesses, and, at any time, our significant tenants may fail to make rent payments when due, which, in turn, may have a disproportionate adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Competition for medical office buildings has increased significantly since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. Medical office buildings were one of the few real estate asset classes that did not experience a significant downturn due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although many medical office building tenants did experience some business disruption during the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, many were able to weather those disruptions and return to normal operations within a short period of time. This was not the case of many other types of real estate, such as hospitality, retail, and general commercial office buildings, which experienced significant tenant issues due to travel restrictions, changes in consumer habits during the pandemic and remote working policies instituted by many employers. The resiliency of medical office buildings during the COVID-19 pandemic caused many real estate investors to enter the market in search of reliable returns. This influx of investors has caused medical office building prices and competition to increase significantly, especially for Class A properties in prime locations, but has also caused similar increases in our target markets. An increase in competition for our acquisition targets could make it more difficult to grow our business, which could affect our ability to increase our distributions and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Our tenants businesses have in the past and could again in the future be materially and adversely affected by the effects of the COVID-19 virus, including labor shortages that have resulted from nurses and other medical personnel switching jobs within the medical profession or quitting the medical profession altogether, and other viruses or pandemics could cause similar effects in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the healthcare industry in many ways. Many stories exist about U.S. healthcare workers, especially nurses, experiencing burnout due to the length and severity of the pandemic, and this has caused many nurses and other medical professionals to switch jobs within the medical profession or quit the profession altogether. This phenomenon has led to material increases in labor costs for healthcare systems, especially hospital systems, as employers have had to rely on contract nursing labor to sustain their businesses. Other viruses or pandemics could cause similar effects in the future. In October 2022, Pipeline Health Systems, one of our top 10 tenants, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection due in part to increases in labor costs resulting from nursing shortages. If these labor shortages are not rectified at reasonable cost, healthcare practices, including our tenants, may continue to experience staffing shortages or increased labor and recruitment costs, which could negatively impact their businesses and their ability to pay rents to us. Additionally, the volatility of COVID-19, its variants and its subvariants are unpredictable and there are no assurances that new variants and subvariants will not emerge in the future. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, or other global pandemic in the future, could disrupt our and our third-party advisors businesses. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken by applicable governmental authorities, we have been encouraging all of our employees at our corporate office to work remotely until further notice. While we believe these measures are advisable and in the best interests of our employees and communities, such measures, in combination with other factors, have caused disruptions to our normal operations and may continue to do so during the pendency of such measures. Additionally, certain of our service providers have instituted or may institute similar preventative measures or are experiencing labor shortages due to COVID-19, which has resulted in reductions in the availability, capacity and/or efficiency of the services upon which we depend for our operations, including the services we use to complete our property acquisitions. Further, in the event any of our employees, and/or employees of our service providers, contract COVID-19 or are otherwise compelled to self-quarantine, we may experience shortages in labor and services that we require for our operations. Also, remote work arrangements may increase the risk of cybersecurity incidents, data breaches or cyber-attacks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business and damage to our reputation. Our leases are generally long-term leases with annual rent escalators, however, some of our debt financing is subject to floating interest rates. Recent increases in interest rates have not been matched by an increase in our rent payments, which has exposed us to a funding imbalance. Our revenues are generated by our leases, which are typically medium-to-long-term leases with fixed rental rates, subject to annual rent escalators. The unhedged portion of our Credit Facility debt is subject to SOFR, which has increased substantially since early 2022. The generally fixed nature of revenues and the variable rate of our debt obligations create interest rate risk for us. Increases in interest rates have not been matched by increases in our rental income, which has increased our expenses and has materially adversely affected our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Further increases in interest rates may have a material, adverse effect on our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. The bankruptcy of any of our tenants could bar our efforts to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from the tenant or evict the tenant and take back control of the property. Any bankruptcy filings by or relating to one of our tenants could bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant or evict the tenant and take back control of the property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from a bankruptcy court, which we may be unable to obtain. A tenant bankruptcy could also delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases and could ultimately preclude full collection of these sums. If a tenant rejects the lease while in bankruptcy, we would have only a general unsecured claim for pre-petition damages. Any unsecured claim that we hold may be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims. It is possible that we may recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims that we hold, or nothing at all, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common stock and preferred stock. Furthermore, dealing with a tenant bankruptcy or other default may divert management s attention and cause us to incur substantial legal and other costs. In October 2022, one of our tenants, Pipeline Health Systems, LLC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. See Business Recent Developments Chapter 11 Reorganization Filing of Pipeline Health System, LLC , for a description of the Pipeline bankruptcy. The physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our properties. The physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our facilities, operations, and business. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, markets where our properties are located could experience increases in storm intensity, rising sea-levels, and changes in precipitation, temperature, and air quality. Over time, these conditions could result in physical damage to, or declining demand for, our properties or our inability to operate the facilities at all. Climate change may also indirectly affect our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable, increasing the cost of energy and increasing the risk of flood at our properties. Should the impact of climate change be severe or occur for lengthy periods of time, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock could be materially adversely impacted. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Adverse economic or other conditions in our geographic markets could negatively affect our tenants ability to pay rent to us. Adverse economic or other conditions in our geographic markets, including periods of economic slowdown or recession, industry slowdowns, periods of deflation, relocation of businesses, changing demographics, earthquakes and other natural disasters, fires, terrorist acts, public health crisis, pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and civil disturbances or acts of war and other man-made disasters which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses, and changes in tax, real estate, zoning and other laws and regulations, may negatively affect our tenants businesses and ability to pay rents to us and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Most of our healthcare facilities are occupied by a single tenant, and we may have difficulty finding suitable replacement tenants in the event of a tenant default or non-renewal of our leases, especially for our healthcare facilities located in smaller markets. As of December 31, 2022, leases representing 6.6 , 13.7 and 7.7 of our portfolio annualized base rent expire in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Most of our healthcare facilities are occupied by a single tenant. Following expiration of a lease term or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant in default, rental payments on the related healthcare facilities could decline or cease altogether while we reposition such healthcare facility with a suitable replacement tenant. We also might not be successful in identifying suitable replacement tenants or entering into triple-net leases with new tenants on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. Additionally, we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our healthcare facilities while they are being repositioned. Our ability to reposition our healthcare facilities with a suitable tenant could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, CON or other laws, as well as by the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We could also incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. In addition, our ability to locate suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized healthcare uses or contractual restrictions on use of the healthcare facilities, and we may be required to spend substantial amounts to adapt the healthcare facilities to other uses. Any such delays, limitations and expenses could adversely impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased healthcare facilities or otherwise exercise remedies for tenant default, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. All of these risks may be greater in smaller markets, where there may be fewer potential replacement tenants, making it more difficult to replace tenants, especially for specialized space. We have significant geographic concentration in a small number of states, including Texas, Florida, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Arizona, and Illinois. Economic and other conditions that negatively affect those states and our tenants in those states could have a greater effect on our revenues than if our properties were more geographically diverse. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 18 , 10 , 8 , 6 , 6 , 6 and 6 of our total annualized base rent was derived from properties located in Texas, Florida, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Arizona, and Illinois , respectively. As a result of this geographic concentration, we are particularly exposed to downturns in these states economies or other changes in local real estate market conditions. Any material changes in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental or competitive conditions in these states could have an amplified effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock than if our properties were more geographically diverse. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to successfully enter into definitive purchase or sale agreements for, or close the acquisition or sale of, the properties in our investment pipeline or our portfolio. There is no assurance that we will successfully enter into definitive purchase agreements for the facilities in our investment pipeline or definitive sale agreements for current properties we wish to sell. We or a counterparty could also determine through due diligence that a prospective facility does not meet our or their investment standards. We also may be unable to come to an agreement with the seller or buyer for the purchase or sale of the facility. Additionally, there is no assurance that we will successfully close an acquisition or sale once a purchase or sale agreement has been signed. After a purchase or sale agreement has been signed, we (or the buyer in the case of a sale transaction) typically have a due diligence period of 45 to 60 days. If we or a buyer identify problems with the property or the operator during our or their due diligence review, we may or they may terminate the purchase or sale agreement and not close. Failure to close acquisitions or dispositions under contract could make it more difficult to grow or manage our portfolio, which could materially adversely affect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property, which, in turn, would only provide us with limited recourse against the seller if issues arise after our purchase of a property. The seller of a property often sells such property in its as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase and sale agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. The purchase of properties with limited warranties increases the risk of having little or no recourse against a seller if issues were to arise at such property. This, in turn, could cause us to have to write off our investment in the property, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Our healthcare buildings that are subject to ground leases could restrict our use of such healthcare facilities. We have seven buildings located on land that is subject to operating ground leases, representing approximately 4.2 of our December 2022 annualized base rent. These ground leases contain certain restrictions. These restrictions include limits on our ability to re-let the facilities, rights of purchase and rights of first offer and refusal with respect to sales of the healthcare facility and limits on the types of medical procedures that may be performed at the facilities. These restrictions could affect our returns on these facilities which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Our healthcare facilities and our tenants may be unable to compete successfully, which could negatively affect our tenants businesses and ability to pay rent to us. Our healthcare facilities often face competition from nearby hospitals and other healthcare facilities that provide comparable services, including urgent care and primary care facilities as well as home healthcare companies. These competitors may have greater geographic coverage, better access to physicians and patients and provide or are perceived to provide higher quality services. From time to time and for reasons beyond our control, managed care organizations may change their lists of preferred hospitals or in-network physicians, which may favor our tenants competitors. Furthermore, our tenants may lose physicians to their competitors or an increase in telehealth services could reduce the need for healthcare facilities. Any reduction in rental revenues resulting from the inability of our tenants or their associated healthcare delivery systems to compete or due to a reduced need for healthcare facilities generally may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 We may incur uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage, which may result in us having to absorb all or a portion of such loss. Our tenants are generally required (either directly or through a reimbursement arrangement with us) to maintain comprehensive property and casualty insurance covering our properties. However, some types of losses may be uninsurable or too expensive to insure against, such as losses due to windstorms, terrorist acts, earthquakes, and toxic mold, among others. Accordingly, we may not have enough insurance coverage against certain types of losses and may experience decreases in the insurance coverage available. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of our investment in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property. In such an event, we might remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligation related to the property. Further, if any of our insurance carriers were to become insolvent, we would be forced to replace the existing coverage with another suitable carrier, and any outstanding claims would be at risk for collection. In such an event, we cannot be certain that we would be able to replace the coverage at similar or otherwise favorable terms. We have obtained title insurance policies for each of our properties, typically in an amount equal to its original price. However, these policies may be for amounts less than the current or future values of our properties. In such an event, if there is a title defect relating to any of our properties, we could lose some of our investment in and anticipated profits from such property. If we were to experience uninsured losses or if any of our insurance carriers were unable to pay insurance claims, we may lose all or a portion of our investment in a property and the revenues associated with such property, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. We may incur environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with owning, leasing, developing and operating our healthcare facilities. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, current and prior owners and tenants of healthcare facilities may be jointly and severally liable for the costs of investigating, remediating and monitoring certain hazardous substances or other regulated materials on or in such healthcare facility. In addition to these costs, the past or present owner or tenant of a healthcare facility from which a release emanates could be liable for any personal injury or property damage that results from such releases, including for the unauthorized release of asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous substances into the air, as well as any damages to natural resources or the environment that arise from such releases. These environmental laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the current or prior owner or tenant knew of, or was responsible for, the presence or release of such substances or materials. Moreover, the release of hazardous substances or materials, or the failure to properly remediate such substances or materials, may adversely affect the owner s or tenant s ability to lease, sell, develop or rent such healthcare facility or to borrow against such healthcare facility. Persons who transport or arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or other regulated materials may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, regardless of whether such facility is owned or operated by such person. Certain environmental laws impose compliance obligations on owners and tenants of real property with respect to the management of hazardous substances and other regulated materials. For example, environmental laws govern the management and removal of asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. Failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties or other sanctions. If we are held liable under these laws, our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock may be materially adversely affected. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The income from certain of our properties is dependent on the ability of our property managers to successfully manage those properties. We depend upon the performance of our property managers to effectively manage certain of our properties. We do not control these third-party property managers and are accordingly subject to various risks generally associated with outsourcing of management of day-to-day activities, including the risk that a property manager may not be able to successfully manage a property. Additionally, because we do not control our third-party property managers, any adverse events such as issues related to insufficient internal controls, cybersecurity incidents or other adverse events may impact the income we recognize from properties managed by such third-party property managers. We may be unable to anticipate such events or properly assess the magnitude of any such events because we do not control our third-party property managers. If our property managers are unable to successfully manage our properties, our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock may be materially adversely affected. We, our tenants, and our property managers face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber-intrusions, or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of information technology networks and related systems. We and our tenants face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, company insiders, or persons with access to our and our tenants systems, and other significant disruptions of our and our tenants information technology IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber-terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our and our tenants IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of each of our businesses and our and our tenants ability to perform day-to-day operations (including maintaining confidential patient data). Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that these security measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Additionally, our tenants may not have enough risk mitigation measures in place or, even if they do, such measures may not be effective. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems, and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and may not be detected. Accordingly, we and our tenants may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and it is therefore impossible to entirely mitigate the risk. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our or our tenants IT networks and related systems could: Disrupt the proper functioning of our or our tenants networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of our tenants; Result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive, or otherwise valuable information about us, our tenants or our tenants patients, which others could use to compete against us or our tenants or which could expose us or our tenants to regulatory action or damage claims by third-parties; Result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants, missed reporting deadlines, and/or missed permitting deadlines; Result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; Jeopardize the building systems relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space; Require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; Subject us or our tenants to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties, or termination of leases or other agreements; or 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Damage our and our tenants reputations. 
 Any or all the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Risks Related to our Financings We finance a portion of our portfolio with unhedged floating- rate debt from our Credit Facility. The rapid increase in inflation during 2022 led to a rapid increase in market interest rates, which materially increased the interest rate on our floating rate debt. In addition to interest rate risk, we are subject to additional risks associated with our Credit Facility generally, including covenant restrictions. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the revolver component of our Credit Facility (the Revolver was 145.7 million, which represented approximately 21 of our total outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2022. The rapid increase in inflation during 2022 has led to a dramatic increase in market interest rates as the Fed has implemented a series of interest rate increases to curb the inflation rate. As a result, the One-Month Term SOFR, which serves as the base rate for the Revolver, increased from just over 0 at the start of the year to 4.32 in December 2022 and has continued to increase in 2023 to date. Additionally SOFR is currently forecasted to increase to approximately 5.40 by August 2023 (based on the term SOFR forward curve as of February 24, 2023), or approximately 108 basis points (1.08 from our SOFR rate as of December 31, 2022. The recent increase in interest rates has caused our borrowing costs to materially increase, which has, among other things, increased our cost of capital (which has affected our ability to acquire assets) and decreased our earnings, liquidity, cash available to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. The terms of our debt agreements require us to comply with several customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining certain leverage and coverage ratios and minimum tangible net worth requirements. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for a description of these covenants. Our continued ability to incur additional debt, make distributions and conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. Breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness, in addition to any other indebtedness cross-defaulted against such instruments, which could accelerate the principal balance of our debt and cause our lenders to institute foreclosure proceedings against us. Therefore, any such default could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Our interest rate hedges may not be successful in mitigating our interest rate risks. We use derivative instruments to hedge exposure to changes in interest rates on certain of our variable rate loans. As of December 31, 2022, we had 15 interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of 500 million that fixed the SOFR component of the interest rate on the 350 million and 150 million term loan components under our Credit Facility (the Term Loans ). There is no assurance that our hedging instruments will adequately mitigate our interest rate risk or that our hedging strategy will not result in losses. Additionally, a hedging counterparty may fail to honor its obligations to us. If our interest rate hedges are unsuccessful in mitigating our interest rate risk, or if a hedging counterparty fails to honor its obligations to us, our borrowing costs would increase, which could, among other things, increase our cost of capital and decrease our earnings, liquidity, cash available to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. We finance our healthcare facilities with term indebtedness, and we may place term indebtedness on our healthcare facilities in the future. We may not be able to refinance such debt when due or may be unable to refinance such debt on favorable terms. As of December 31, 2022, we had 694.1 million of indebtedness outstanding (net of unamortized debt issuance costs). We may also place indebtedness on our healthcare facilities in the future. We run the risk of being unable to refinance such debt (including our Credit Facility debt) when the loans come due or of being unable to refinance on favorable terms. If interest rates are higher when we refinance debt, our income could be reduced. We may be unable to refinance debt at appropriate times, which may require us to sell healthcare facilities on terms that are not advantageous to us or could result in the foreclosure of such healthcare facilities. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and, if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future acquisitions necessary to grow our business or meet maturing obligations. To qualify as a REIT, we are required, among other things, to distribute each year to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund our future capital needs from cash retained from operations, including capital needed to make investments and to satisfy or refinance maturing obligations. As a result, we expect to rely on external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing, to fund future capital needs. Our access to capital will depend upon several factors, many of which we have little or no control, including: The extent of investor interest; Our ability to satisfy the distribution requirements applicable to REITs; The general reputation of REITs and the attractiveness of their equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate-based companies; Our financial performance and that of our tenants; Analyst reports about us and the REIT industry; General stock and bond market conditions, including changes in interest rates on fixed income securities, which may lead prospective purchasers of our stock to demand a higher annual yield from future distributions; A failure to maintain or increase our dividend which is dependent, in large part, upon our funds from operations, or FFO, which, in turn, depends upon increased revenue from additional acquisitions and rental increases; and Other factors such as governmental regulatory action and changes in tax laws. 
 If we are unable to obtain needed capital on satisfactory terms or at all, we may not be able to make the investments needed to expand our business or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry Adverse trends in the healthcare industry may negatively affect our tenants businesses. The healthcare industry is currently experiencing, among other things: Changes in the demand for and methods of delivering healthcare services; Competition among healthcare providers; Consolidation of large health insurers; Regulatory and government reimbursement uncertainty resulting from the Affordable Care Act and other healthcare reform laws; Federal court decisions on cases challenging the legality of the Affordable Care Act; Federal and state government plans to reduce budget deficits and address debt ceiling limits by lowering healthcare provider Medicare and Medicaid payment rates; Changes in third-party reimbursement methods and policies; and 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Increased scrutiny of billing, referral and other practices by U.S. federal and state authorities. 
 These factors may adversely affect the economic performance of some or all of our tenants and, in turn, our lease revenues, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. The healthcare industry is heavily regulated, and new laws or regulations, changes to existing laws or regulations, loss of licensure or failure to obtain licensure could result in the inability of our tenants to make rent payments to us. The healthcare industry is heavily regulated by U.S. federal, state, and local governmental authorities. Our tenants generally are subject to laws and regulations covering, among other things, licensure, certification for participation in government programs, billing for services, privacy and security of health information and relationships with physicians and other referral sources. See Business Government Programs, Laws and Regulations for a description of the laws and regulations that affect the healthcare industry. In addition, new laws and regulations, changes in existing laws and regulations or changes in the interpretation of such laws or regulations could affect our tenants ability to make rent payments to us, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. These changes, in some cases, could apply retroactively. The enactment, timing, or effect of legislative or regulatory changes cannot be predicted. Violations of healthcare laws may result in criminal and/or civil penalties that range from punitive sanctions, damage assessments, penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid payments and/or exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Imposition of any of these penalties upon one of our tenants could jeopardize that tenants ability to operate or to make rent payments or affect the level of occupancy in our healthcare facilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Reductions in reimbursement from third-party payors, including Medicare and Medicaid, could adversely affect the profitability of our tenants and hinder their ability to make rent payments to us or renew their leases. Sources of revenue for our tenants typically include the U.S. federal Medicare program, state Medicaid programs and private insurance payors. Healthcare providers continue to face increased government and private payor pressure to control or reduce healthcare costs and significant reductions in healthcare reimbursement, including reduced reimbursements and changes to payment methodologies under the Affordable Care Act. In some cases, private insurers rely on all or portions of the Medicare payment systems to determine payment rates, which may result in decreased reimbursement from private insurers. Any reductions in payments or reimbursements from third-party payors could adversely affect the reimbursement rates received by our tenants, the financial success of our tenants and strategic partners and, therefore, our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Downturns in the United States economy could negatively affect state budgets, thereby putting pressure on states to decrease spending on state programs including Medicaid. The need to control Medicaid expenditures may be exacerbated by the potential for increased enrollment in state Medicaid programs due to unemployment and declines in family incomes. Historically, states have often attempted to reduce Medicaid spending by limiting benefits and tightening Medicaid eligibility requirements. Many states have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, legislation designed to enroll Medicaid recipients in managed care programs and/or impose additional taxes on hospitals to help finance or expand the states Medicaid systems. Potential reductions to Medicaid program spending in response to state budgetary pressures could negatively impact the ability of our tenants to successfully operate their businesses, and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Our tenants may be subject to significant legal actions that could subject them to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which may affect their ability to pay their rent payments to us, and we could also be subject to healthcare industry violations. As is typical in the healthcare industry, our tenants may often become subject to claims that their services have resulted in patient injury or other adverse effects. Many of these tenants may have experienced an increasing trend in the frequency and severity of professional liability and general liability insurance claims and litigation asserted against them. The insurance coverage maintained by these tenants may not cover all claims made against them nor continue to be available at a reasonable cost, if at all. In some states, insurance coverage for the risk of punitive damages arising from professional liability and general liability claims and/or litigation may not, in certain cases, be available to these tenants due to state law prohibitions or limitations of availability. As a result, these types of tenants of our healthcare facilities operating in these states may be liable for punitive damage awards that are either not covered or are in excess of their insurance policy limits. We also believe that there has been, and will continue to be, an increase in governmental investigations of certain healthcare providers, particularly in the area of Medicare/Medicaid false claims, as well as an increase in enforcement actions resulting from these investigations. Insurance is not available to cover such losses. Any adverse determination in a legal proceeding or governmental investigation, any settlements of such proceedings or investigations in excess of insurance coverage, whether currently asserted or arising in the future, could have a material adverse effect on a tenant s financial condition. If a tenant is unable to obtain or maintain insurance coverage, if judgments are obtained or settlements reached in excess of the insurance coverage, if a tenant is required to pay uninsured punitive damages, or if a tenant is subject to an uninsurable government enforcement action or investigation, the tenant could be exposed to substantial additional liabilities, which may affect the tenant s ability to pay rent, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry Changes in the general real estate market conditions may adversely affect us. Real estate investments are subject to various risks and fluctuations and cycles in value and demand, many of which are beyond our control. Certain market conditions that may affect our business are as follows: National or regional economic upturns could increase the value of real estate generally, which could make it more difficult for us to acquire new healthcare properties at attractive prices or prevent us from purchasing additional facilities at all; National or regional economic downturns could adversely affect our tenants businesses, or the businesses located in our tenants geographic region, which could adversely affect our tenants ability to pay rent and the value of our healthcare properties; A decrease in interest rates and financing costs could increase demand for real estate and, thus, the price of real estate. An increase in demand for real estate could make it more difficult for us to acquire additional healthcare facilities at attractive prices or prevent us from purchasing additional facilities at all; and An increase in interest rates and financing costs could decrease the demand for real estate and, thus, the price of real estate. A decrease in demand for real estate could make it more difficult for us to dispose of our healthcare facilities at attractive prices or prevent us from disposing of our facilities at all. 
 If we experience one or more of the risks described above, our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock could be materially adversely affected. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our healthcare facilities. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more of our healthcare facilities in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any of our healthcare facilities for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of any of our healthcare facilities. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a healthcare facility can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a healthcare facility, we have in the past and may in the future agree to transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling that healthcare facility for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that healthcare facility. These transfer restrictions would impede our ability to sell a healthcare facility even if we deem it necessary or appropriate. These facts and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our healthcare facilities may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Uncertain market conditions could cause us to sell our healthcare facilities at a loss in the future. We intend to hold our various real estate investments until we determine that a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous to achieve our investment objectives. We may exercise our discretion as to whether and when to sell a healthcare facility, and we have no obligation to sell our facilities. We generally intend to hold our healthcare facilities for an extended period, and we cannot predict with any certainty the various market conditions affecting real estate investments that will exist at any particular time in the future. Because of the uncertainty of market conditions that may affect the future disposition of our healthcare facilities, we may not be able to sell our buildings at a profit in the future or at all. We may incur prepayment penalties if we sell a healthcare facility subject to a mortgage earlier than we otherwise had planned. Additionally, we could be forced to sell healthcare facilities at inopportune times which could result in us selling the affected building at a substantial loss. Any inability to sell a healthcare facility could materially, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Our assets may become subject to impairment charges. We periodically evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based upon factors such as market conditions, lease re-negotiations, tenant performance and legal structure. For example, the termination of a lease by a major tenant may lead to an impairment charge. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we would be required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Risks Related to Our Structure We have no direct operations and rely on funds received from our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries to meet our obligations. We conduct substantially all of our operations through our Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 93.97 of the outstanding OP Units. Apart from this ownership interest in our Operating Partnership, we do not have any independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to pay any dividends that we might declare on our common and preferred stock. We also rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to meet our obligations. Stockholders claims will consequently be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, claims of our stockholders will be satisfied only after all of our and our Operating Partnership s and its subsidiaries liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. If we do not receive enough funds from our Operating Partnership, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock may be materially, adversely affected. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Subject to certain requirements under Maryland law and REIT requirements, the Board has sole discretion to determine if we will pay distributions and the amount and frequency of such distributions, and past distribution amounts may not be indicative of future distribution amounts. Any future distributions will be at the sole discretion of the Board and will depend upon a number of factors, including our actual and projected results of operations, the cash flow generated by our operations, funds from operations FFO ), adjusted FFO AFFO ), liquidity, our operating expenses, our debt service requirements, capital expenditure requirements for the properties in our portfolio, prohibitions and other limitations under our financing arrangements, our REIT taxable income, the annual REIT distribution requirements, restrictions on making distributions under Maryland law and such other factors as the Board deems relevant. We cannot assure you that our distribution policy will not change in the future or that the Board will continue to declare dividends at the same rate as in 2022. Our use of OP Units as currency to acquire healthcare facilities could result in stockholder dilution and/or limit our ability to sell such healthcare facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We have acquired, and in the future may acquire, healthcare facilities or portfolios of healthcare facilities through tax-deferred contribution transactions in exchange for OP Units, which may result in stockholder dilution. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired healthcare facilities, and has required, and may in the future require, that we agree to protect the contributors ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired healthcare facilities or the allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell healthcare facilities at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions which, in turn, could materially, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Our Operating Partnership may issue additional OP Units to third parties without the consent of our stockholders, which would reduce our ownership percentage in our Operating Partnership and could have a dilutive effect on the amount of distributions made to us by our Operating Partnership and, therefore, the amount of distributions we can make to our stockholders. Holders of shares of our common stock will generally not have any voting rights with respect to activities of our Operating Partnership, including issuances of additional OP Units in amounts that do not exceed 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 93.97 of the outstanding OP Units. Our Operating Partnership may, in connection with our acquisition of healthcare facilities or otherwise, issue additional OP Units to third parties. Such issuances would reduce our ownership percentage in our Operating Partnership and could affect the amount of distributions made to us by our Operating Partnership and, therefore, the amount of distributions we can make to our stockholders. We may be unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management s assessment of the effectiveness of such controls. Because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, effective internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations and financial condition, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock could be materially adversely impacted and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts of interest could arise because of our UPREIT structure. Conflicts of interest could arise because of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to us under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of our company. At the same time, we, as the sole member of the general partner of the Operating Partnership, have fiduciary duties to our Operating Partnership and to the limited partners under Delaware law in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our duties, as the sole member of the general partner, to our Operating Partnership and its limited partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to us. Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant partnership agreement, Delaware law generally requires a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership to adhere to fiduciary duty standards under which it owes its limited partners the highest duties of good faith, fairness and loyalty and which generally prohibits such general partner from taking any action or engaging in any transaction as to which it has a conflict of interest. Additionally, the partnership agreement expressly limits our liability by providing that we, as the sole member of the general partner of the Operating Partnership, and our directors or officers, will not be liable or accountable in damages to our Operating Partnership, the limited partners or assignees for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if the general partner or such director or officer acted in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our respective officers and directors, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of our Operating Partnership, provided that our Operating Partnership will not indemnify any such person for (1) acts or omissions committed in bad faith or that were the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (2) any transaction for which such person received an improper personal benefit in money, healthcare facility or services, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. Our charter restricts the ownership and transfer of our outstanding shares of stock which may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or change of control of our company. For us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares of stock may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year other than our initial REIT taxable year. Subject to certain exceptions, our charter prohibits any stockholder from owning actually or constructively more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of any class or series of our outstanding shares. The constructive ownership rules under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), are complex and may cause the outstanding shares owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of our outstanding shares of any class or series by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own constructively in excess of 9.8 of any class or series of our outstanding beneficial interests and to be subject to our charter s ownership limit. Our charter also prohibits any person from owning shares of our beneficial interests that would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our beneficial interest in violation of these restrictions may result in the shares being automatically transferred to a charitable trust or may be void. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes of control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests. Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or MGCL, may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our common stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares of common stock or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our shares of common stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes certain fair price and/or supermajority and stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our company (defined as shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 By resolution of the Board, we have opted out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL and provide that any business combination between us and any other person is exempt from the business combination provisions of the MGCL, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board (including a majority of directors who are not affiliates or associates of such persons). In addition, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws, we have opted out of the control share provisions of the MGCL. However, the Board may by resolution elect to opt into the business combination provisions of the MGCL and we may, by amendment to our bylaws, opt into the control share provisions of the MGCL in the future. Certain provisions of the MGCL permit the Board, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain corporate governance provisions, some of which (for example, a classified board) are not currently applicable to us. If implemented, these provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an unsolicited acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of us under circumstances that otherwise could provide our common stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then current market price. Our charter contains a provision whereby we have elected to be subject to the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on the Board. We could increase the number of authorized shares of common and preferred stock, classify and reclassify unissued shares and issue shares without stockholder approval. The Board, without stockholder approval, has the power under our charter to amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we are authorized to issue, to authorize us to issue authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock. In addition, under our charter, the Board has the power to classify or reclassify any unissued common or preferred stock into one or more classes or series of shares and set the preference, conversion, or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption for such newly classified or reclassified shares. As a result, we may issue series or classes of common or preferred stock with preferences, dividends, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with, the rights of holders of our common or preferred stock. Although the Board has no such intention at the present time, it could establish a class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We may change our business, investment, and financing strategies without stockholder approval. We may change our business, investment, and financing strategies without a vote of, or notice to, our stockholders, which could result in our making investments and engaging in business activities that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments and businesses described in this annual report. In particular, a change in our investment strategy, including the manner in which we allocate our resources across our portfolio or the types of assets in which we seek to invest, may increase our exposure to real estate market fluctuations. In addition, we may in the future increase the use of leverage at times and in amounts that we, in our discretion, deem prudent, and such decision would not be subject to stockholder approval. Furthermore, the Board may determine that healthcare facilities do not offer the potential for attractive risk-adjusted returns for an investment strategy. Changes to our strategies with regards to the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit your recourse in the event that we take certain actions which are not in your best interests. Under Maryland law, generally, directors and officers are required to perform their duties in good faith, in a manner that they reasonably believe to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Under Maryland law, directors and officers are presumed to have acted with this standard of care. Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property, or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Our charter authorizes us to indemnify our present and former directors and officers for actions taken by them in those and other capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Our bylaws obligate us to indemnify each present and former director or officer, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service to us. In addition, we may be obligated to advance the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers. We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers granting them express indemnification rights. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our charter, bylaws and indemnification agreements or that might exist with other companies. Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management and may prevent a change in control of our company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. Our charter provides that a director may only be removed for cause upon the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Vacancies may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum. These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control of our company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. Certain provisions in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership may delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions of us. Provisions in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership may delay, or make more difficult, unsolicited acquisitions of us or changes of our control. These provisions could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition of us or change of our control, although some stockholders might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. These provisions include, among others: Redemption rights; A requirement that we may not be removed as the general partner of our Operating Partnership without our consent; Transfer restrictions on OP Units; 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability, as the sole member of the general partner of our Operating Partnership, in some cases, to amend the partnership agreement and to cause the Operating Partnership to issue units with terms that could delay, defer or prevent a merger or other change of control of us or our Operating Partnership without the consent of the limited partners; and The right of the limited partners to consent to direct or indirect transfers of the general partnership interest, including as a result of a merger or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, in the event that such transfer requires approval by our common stockholders. 
 Our charter and bylaws, Maryland law and the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership also contain other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our shares of common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. We may be unable to obtain or retain key personnel or continue to remain appropriately staffed. Our success depends to a significant degree upon our executive officers and other key personnel. We rely on the services of Jeffrey Busch, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board; Robert Kiernan, our Chief Financial Officer; Alfonzo Leon, our Chief Investment Officer; Danica Holley, our Chief Operating Officer; and Jamie Barber, our Secretary and General Counsel, to manage our operations. Additionally, we rely on several other key personnel to manage our day-to-day operations, including accounting and finance staff, acquisition and due diligence personnel, asset managers and facilities personnel. We cannot guarantee that all, or any one of these key personnel, will remain affiliated with us, especially given the current tightness of the U.S. labor market, nor do we maintain key person life insurance on any person. Our failure to retain key employees and retain highly skilled managerial and operational personnel, especially during a time of rapid growth for our business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Risks Related to Our Qualification and Operation as a REIT Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for distributions to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for distributions to our stockholders because: We would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates; We could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and Unless we are entitled to relief under certain U.S. federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will no longer be required to make distributions. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and it could materially, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that could reduce our cash flows and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, taxes on income from some activities conducted because of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property, and transfer taxes. In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiary TRS will be subject to regular corporate U.S. federal, state, and local taxes. In addition, if our TRS borrows funds either from us or a third party, it may be unable to deduct all or a portion of the interest paid, resulting in a higher corporate-level tax liability. Specifically, the Code imposes a disallowance of deductions for business interest expense (even if paid to third parties) in excess of the sum of a taxpayer s business interest income and 30 of the adjusted taxable income of the business, which is its taxable income computed without regard to business interest income or expense, net operating losses or the pass-through income deduction. The TRS rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distributions to our stockholders, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Failure to make required distributions would subject us to U.S. federal corporate income tax. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the Code. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distributions to our stockholders which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Recharacterization of sale-leaseback transactions may cause us to lose our REIT status. We have engaged, and expect to engage in the future, in transactions in which we purchase healthcare facilities and lease them back to the sellers of such healthcare facilities. Although we have structured, and intend to continue to structure, any such sale-leaseback transaction so that the lease will be characterized as a true lease for tax purposes, thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the healthcare facility for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we cannot assure you that the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS will not challenge such characterization. If any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, all of the payments that we receive from the tenant may not be treated as qualifying income for the 75 or 95 gross income tests required for REIT qualification and we may fail to qualify as a REIT as a result. If any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged as a financing transaction or loan for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would not be treated as the owner of the applicable healthcare facility and our deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such healthcare facility would be disallowed. As a result, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated, which might cause us to fail to meet the distribution requirement required for REIT qualification. Although we may be able to cure such failure by making a distribution in a subsequent taxable year and paying an interest charge, no assurance can be provided that we will be able to make the required distribution or pay the required interest charge. If we lose our REIT status, our business, financial condition, results of operations, ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock could be materially adversely affected. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our shares of stock. To meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our performance. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities, securities of TRSs and qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities, securities of TRSs and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by the securities of one or more TRSs, and no more than 25 of our assets can be represented by debt of publicly offered REITs (i.e., REITs that are required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act) that is not secured by real property or interests in real property. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. These actions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Certain taxes may limit our ability to dispose of our healthcare facilities. A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We may be subject to the prohibited transaction tax equal to 100 of net gain upon a disposition of real property. Although a safe harbor to the characterization of the sale of real property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction is available, we cannot assure you that we can comply with the safe harbor or that we will avoid owning property that may be characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Consequently, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of our healthcare facilities or may conduct such sales through a TRS, which would be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxation. We may pay taxable dividends in our common stock and cash, in which case stockholders may sell shares of our common stock to pay tax on such dividends, placing downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. We may satisfy the 90 distribution test with taxable distributions of our common stock. The IRS has issued Revenue Procedure 2017-45 authorizing elective cash/stock dividends to be made by publicly offered REITs. Pursuant to Revenue Procedure 2017-45,the IRS will treat the distribution of stock pursuant to an elective cash/stock dividend as a distribution of property under Section 301 of the Code (i.e., a dividend), as long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other parameters detailed in the Revenue Procedure are satisfied. Although we have no current intention of paying dividends in our common stock, if we make a taxable dividend payable in cash and common stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the common stock that it receives as a dividend to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. If we make a taxable dividend payable in cash and our common stock and a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. The ability of the Board to revoke our REIT qualification without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. Our charter provides that the Board may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to qualify as a REIT, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our taxable income to our stockholders, which could materially adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Our ownership of our TRS is subject to limitations and our transactions with our TRS will cause us to be subject to a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on arm s-length terms. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. Several provisions of the Code regarding the arrangements between a REIT and its TRSs ensure that a TRS will be subject to an appropriate level of U.S. federal income taxation. For example, the Code imposes a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. In addition, any income earned by a TRS that is attributable to services provided to its parent REIT, or on the REIT s behalf to any of its tenants, that is less than the amounts that would have been charged based upon arm s-length negotiations, will also be subject to a 100 excise tax. We will monitor the value of our investment in our TRS and any other TRS we may form for the purpose of ensuring compliance with TRS ownership limitations and will structure our transactions with any such TRS on terms that we believe are arm s length to avoid incurring the 100 excise taxes described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the 20 limitation or to avoid application of the 100 excise taxes. If we are subject to either 100 excise tax, our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock could be materially adversely affected. The formation of a TRS lessee would increase our overall tax liability. We may, in the future, form one or more TRS lessees to lease qualified health care properties from us. Any TRS lessee we may form will be subject to U.S. federal and state income tax on its taxable income, which will consist of the revenues from the qualified healthcare facilities leased by the TRS lessee, net of the operating expenses for such healthcare facilities and rent payments to us. In addition, if a TRS borrows funds either from us or a third party, it may be unable to deduct all or a portion of the interest paid, resulting in a higher corporate-level tax liability. Specifically, the Code imposes a disallowance of deductions for business interest expense (even if paid to third parties) in excess of the sum of a taxpayer s business interest income and 30 of the adjusted taxable income of the business, which is its taxable income computed without regard to business interest income or expense, net operating losses or the pass-through income deduction. Accordingly, although our ownership of a TRS lessee would allow us to participate in the operating income from our healthcare facilities leased to the TRS lessee on an after-tax basis in addition to receiving rent, that operating income would be fully subject to U.S. federal and state income tax, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. If leases of our healthcare facilities are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT and would be subject to higher taxes and have less cash available for distribution to our stockholders. To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be derived from certain sources, such as rents from real property. Rents paid to our Operating Partnership by third-party lessees and any TRS lessee that we may form in the future pursuant to the leases of our healthcare facilities will constitute substantially all of our gross income. For such rent to qualify as rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. If our leases are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 If a TRS lessee failed to qualify as a TRS or the facility operators engaged by a TRS lessee did not qualify as eligible independent contractors, we would fail to qualify as a REIT and would be subject to higher taxes and have less cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Rent paid by a lessee that is a related party tenant of ours will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs. We may, in the future, lease certain of our healthcare facilities that qualify as qualified health care properties to a TRS lessee. So long as that TRS lessee qualifies as a TRS, it will not be treated as a related party tenant with respect to our healthcare facilities that are managed by an independent facility operator that qualifies as an eligible independent contractor. We would seek to structure any future arrangements with a TRS lessee such that the TRS lessee would qualify to be treated as a TRS for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but there can be no assurance that the IRS would not challenge the status of a TRS for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in disqualifying a TRS lessee from treatment as a TRS, it is possible that we would fail to meet the asset tests applicable to REITs and a significant portion of our income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If we failed to meet either the asset or gross income tests, we would likely lose our REIT qualification for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Additionally, if the facility operators engaged by a TRS lessee do not qualify as eligible independent contractors, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. Each of the facility operators that would enter into a management contract with any TRS lessee must qualify as an eligible independent contractor under the REIT rules in order for the rent paid to us by such a TRS lessee to be qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. Among other requirements, to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, a facility operator must not own, directly or indirectly, more than 35 of our outstanding shares and no person or group of persons can own more than 35 of our outstanding shares and the ownership interests of the facility operator, taking into account certain ownership attribution rules. The ownership attribution rules that apply for purposes of these 35 thresholds are complex. Although we would monitor ownership of our shares of common stock by any facility operators and their owners, there can be no assurance that these ownership levels will not be exceeded. You may be restricted from acquiring or transferring certain amounts of our common stock. The stock ownership restrictions for REITs in the Code and the 9.8 share ownership limit in our charter may inhibit market activity in our capital stock and restrict our business combination opportunities. In order to qualify as a REIT for each taxable year, five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code, may not own, beneficially or constructively, more than 50 in value of our issued and outstanding shares of capital stock at any time during the last half of a taxable year. Attribution rules in the Code determine if any individual or entity beneficially or constructively owns our shares of capital stock under this requirement. Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own our shares of capital stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year for each taxable year. To help ensure that we meet these tests, our charter restricts the acquisition and ownership of shares of our capital stock. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by the Board, our charter prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our shares of capital stock. The Board may not grant an exemption from this restriction to any proposed transferee whose ownership in excess of 9.8 of the value of our outstanding shares would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are taxed at individual rates is 20 (plus the 3.8 surtax on net investment income, if applicable). Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates on qualified dividend income. Rather, ordinary REIT dividends constitute qualified business income and thus a 20 deduction is available to individual taxpayers with respect to such dividends, resulting in a 29.6 maximum U.S. federal income tax rate (plus the 3.8 surtax on net investment income, if applicable) for individual U.S. stockholders. To qualify for this deduction, the stockholder receiving such dividends must hold the dividend-paying REIT stock for at least 46 days (taking into account certain special holding period rules) of the 91-day period beginning 45 days before the stock became ex-dividend and cannot be under an obligation to make related payments with respect to a position in substantially similar or related property. Without further legislative action, the 20 deduction applicable to ordinary REIT dividends will expire on January 1, 2026. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are taxed at individual rates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stock of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our common and preferred stock. We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes. At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws or regulations governing REITs, or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations, may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated, or become effective and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change in the U.S. federal income tax laws, regulations, or administrative interpretations which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operation, ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. If our Operating Partnership failed to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse consequences. We believe that our Operating Partnership will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, our Operating Partnership will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including us, will be allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, its share of our Operating Partnership s income. We cannot assure you, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of our Operating Partnership or any other subsidiary partnership in which we own an interest as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating our Operating Partnership or any such other subsidiary partnership as an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, we would likely cease to qualify as a REIT. Also, the failure of our Operating Partnership or any subsidiary partnerships to qualify as a partnership could cause it to become subject to U.S. federal and state corporate income tax, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Tax protection agreements may limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of certain properties and may require our Operating Partnership to maintain certain debt levels that otherwise would not be required to operate our business. In connection with contributions of properties to our Operating Partnership, our Operating Partnership has entered and may in the future enter into tax protection agreements under which it agrees to minimize the tax consequences to the contributing partners resulting from the sale or other disposition of the contributed properties. Tax protection agreements may make it economically prohibitive to sell any properties that are subject to such agreements even though it may otherwise be in our stockholders best interests to do so. In addition, we may be required to maintain a minimum level of indebtedness throughout the term of any tax protection agreement regardless of whether such debt levels are otherwise required to operate our business. Nevertheless, we have entered and may in the future enter into tax protection agreements to assist contributors of properties to our Operating Partnership in deferring the recognition of taxable gain because of and after any such contribution. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 General Risk Factors We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. Our business faces public scrutiny related to ESG activities. We risk damage to our reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the cost of our operations and relationships with investors and tenants, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. Additionally, new legislative or regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The information set forth under the caption Our Properties in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation, and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. There can be no assurance that these matters that arise in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in any future period. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GMRE. The Company declared and paid a dividend of 0.21 per share of common stock with respect to each quarter within the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and declared and paid a dividend of 0.205 per share of common stock with respect to each quarter within the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The declaration and payment of quarterly dividends remains subject to the review and approval of the Board, see Risk Factors Subject to certain requirements under Maryland law and REIT requirements, the Board has sole discretion to determine if we will pay distributions and the amount and frequency of such distributions, and past distribution amounts may not be indicative of future distribution amounts . Performance Graph This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under Section 18, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Global Medical REIT Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The graph below compares the cumulative total return of our common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the MSCI U.S. REIT Index from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends, as applicable. The MSCI U.S. REIT Index consists of equity REITs that are included in the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index, except for specialty equity REITS that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. We have included the MSCI U.S. REIT Index because we believe that it is representative of the industry in which we compete and is relevant to an assessment of our performance. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Global Medical REIT Inc. 100.00 119.00 190.37 201.34 288.95 166.49 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 MSCI U.S. REIT Index 100.00 95.43 120.09 110.99 158.79 119.87 As of February 24, 2023, there were 30 record holders, and 65,525,718 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 65,518,306 and 64,880,269 outstanding shares of common stock, respectively. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities None. ITEM 6. [Reserved] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes to those financial statements, included elsewhere in this Report. Some of the statements we make in this section are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this Report entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this Report entitled Risk Factors. Objective of MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A is a narrative explanation of the financial statements and other statistical data that we believe will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. The objectives of MD A are: a. To provide a narrative explanation of our financial statements that enables investors to see the Company from management s perspective; b. To enhance the overall financial disclosure and provide the context within which financial information should be analyzed; and c. To provide information about the quality of, and potential variability of, our earnings and cash flow so that investors can ascertain the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance. 
 Overview Global Medical REIT Inc. (the Company, us, we, or our is an internally managed REIT that acquires healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to physician groups and regional and national healthcare systems. We conduct our business through an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, structure in which our properties are owned by wholly owned subsidiaries of our operating partnership, Global Medical REIT L.P. (the Operating Partnership ). Our wholly owned subsidiary, Global Medical REIT GP LLC, is the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership and, as of December 31, 2022, we owned 93.97 of the outstanding common operating partnership units OP Units of our Operating Partnership, with an aggregate of 6.03 of the Operating Partnership owned by holders of long-term incentive plan units LTIP Units and third-party limited partners who contributed properties or services to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Our revenues are derived from the rental and operating expense reimbursement payments we receive from our tenants, and most of our leases are medium to long-term triple net leases with contractual rent escalation provisions. Our primary expenses are depreciation, interest, and general and administrative expenses. We finance our acquisitions with a mixture of debt and equity primarily from our cash from operations, borrowings off our Credit Facility, and stock issuances. 2022 Executive Summary The following tables summarize the material changes in our business and operations during the years presented. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Rental revenue 137,167 115,804 Depreciation and amortization expense 56,723 46,875 Interest expense 25,230 19,696 General and administrative expense 16,545 16,453 Gain on sale of investment property 6,753 1,069 Net income attributable to common stockholders per share 0.20 0.19 FFO per share and unit (1) 0.92 0.90 AFFO per share and unit (1) 0.98 0.95 Dividends per share of common stock 0.84 0.82 Weighted average common stock outstanding 65,462 60,640 Weighted average OP Units outstanding 1,669 1,732 Weighted average LTIP Units outstanding 2,531 2,176 Total weighted average shares and units outstanding 69,662 64,548 

 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures, for a description of our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures. 

As of December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Investment in real estate, gross 1,484,177 1,343,003 Total debt, net 694,119 571,729 Weighted average interest rate 4.20 2.87 Total equity (including noncontrolling interest) 649,065 637,577 Net leasable square feet 4,895,635 4,343,467 Our Properties Completed Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed 14 acquisitions encompassing an aggregate of 583,253 leasable square feet for an aggregate contractual purchase price of 148.9 million with annualized base rent of 11.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of gross investment in real estate of 1.5 billion, which was comprised of 189 buildings with an aggregate of 4.9 million leasable square feet and 114.5 million of annualized base rent. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Completed Property Dispositions In July 2022, we sold a medical office building located in Germantown, Tennessee receiving gross proceeds of 17.9 million, resulting in a gain of approximately 6.8 million. Capital Raising Activity During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated gross proceeds of 10.3 million through at-the-market ATM equity issuances of 0.6 million shares of the Company s common stock at an average offering price of 17.15 per share. Debt and Hedging Activity On August 1, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Facility (the Amendment ), that, among other things, (i) added a new 150 million term loan, which matures on February 1, 2028 (the Term Loan B ), (ii) extended the maturity date of the Revolver from May 2025 to August 2026, and (iii) transitioned all LIBOR-based loans under the Credit Facility to SOFR-based loans. LIBOR-based interest rates on amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility were transitioned to a SOFR-based interest rate equal to term SOFR plus a related spread adjustment of 10 basis points and a borrowing spread based on the current pricing grid in the Credit Facility. We may be entitled to a temporary reduction in the interest rate of two basis points provided we meet certain to be agreed upon sustainability goals. We have entered into interest rate swaps to hedge our interest rate risk on the Term Loans through their respective maturities. For additional information related to our interest rate swaps, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt Financing Hedging Instruments section herein. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we borrowed 138.6 million under our Credit Facility and repaid 15.5 million, for a net amount borrowed of 123.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, the net outstanding Credit Facility balance was 636.4 million and as of February 24, 2023, we had unutilized borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility of 245.0 million. Recent Developments Chapter 11 Reorganization Filing of Pipeline Health System, LLC On October 3, 2022, Pipeline Health System, LLC Pipeline ), announced that it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code. At the time of its bankruptcy filing, Pipeline operated seven hospitals in three states, including the White Rock Medical Center in Dallas, Texas, an acute-care hospital owned by the Company where Pipeline is the sole tenant. According to the filed bankruptcy documents, although Pipeline has experienced the same labor and reimbursement pressures that many acute-care hospitals have been facing since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the primary reason for the bankruptcy filing relates to Pipeline s facilities in Chicago, Illinois, and not the White Rock Medical Center. While in bankruptcy, Pipeline sold its facilities in Chicago, Illinois and on January 13, 2023, the bankruptcy court approved Pipeline s plan of reorganization (the Reorganization Plan ). As part of the Reorganization Plan, Pipeline agreed to assume our leases at White Rock Medical Center with certain amendments to facilitate its emergence from bankruptcy and new operating plan. The Reorganization Plan with respect to the Company s leases with Pipeline was effective as of February 6, 2023. Acquisition Under Contract As of February 24, 2023, we had one acquisition under contract for a purchase price of approximately 6.7 million. We are currently in the due diligence period for our property under contract. If we identify problems with this property or the operator of this property during our due diligence review, we may not close the transaction on a timely basis or we may terminate the purchase agreement and not close the transaction. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Properties Under Contract for Sale As of February 24, 2023, we had two properties under contract for sale for aggregate gross sales proceeds of approximately 11.6 million and an aggregate net book value of 8.3 million. The transactions are expected to be completed by March 31, 2023. The buyers are currently in the due diligence periods and the transactions are subject to various closing contingencies. Accordingly, the transactions may not close on a timely basis or the buyers may terminate the purchase agreements and not close the transactions. Trends Which May Influence Our Results of Operations We believe the following trends may positively impact our results of operations: An aging population . According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the nation s 65-and-older population has grown rapidly since 2010, driven by the aging of Baby Boomers born between 1946 and 1964. The 65-and-older population grew by over a third during the past decade, and by 3.2 from 2018 to 2019. We believe this segment of the U.S. population will utilize many of the services provided at our healthcare facilities such as orthopedics, cardiac, gastroenterology and rehabilitation. A continuing shift towards outpatient care . According to the American Hospital Association, patients are demanding more outpatient operations. We believe this shift in patient preference from inpatient to outpatient facilities will benefit our tenants as most of our properties consist of outpatient facilities. Physician practice group and hospital consolidation . We believe the trend towards physician group consolidation will serve to strengthen the credit quality of our tenants if our tenants merge or are consolidated with larger health systems. 
 We believe the following trends may negatively impact our results of operations: Increased interest rate and inflation environment and cost of capital . Due to a strong labor market and high inflation, the Fed has raised the Federal Funds Rate eight times since the beginning of 2022, bringing the current target rate to 4.50 to 4.75 and is expected to continue to increase the Federal Funds Rate during 2023. Additionally, the Fed has begun reducing the size of its balance sheet, which could also cause an increase in interest rates. Due to this interest rate environment, term SOFR, which is the reference rate for our floating rate debt, is currently forecasted to increase to approximately 5.40 by August 2023 (based on the term SOFR forward curve as of February 24, 2023), or approximately 108 basis points (1.08 from our SOFR rate as of December 31, 2022. Based on our floating rate debt balance as of December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase in term SOFR would have caused our annual interest expense to increase by approximately 1.5 million. 
 The rapid increase in inflation and interest rates caused the common stock prices of many REITs, including the Company s, to fall significantly during 2022. Although the Company s stock price has been increasing in 2023 to date, it has not yet returned to a level that would cause the Company s cost of capital to return to levels seen in early 2022. This decrease in stock price and increase in interest rates has significantly increased the Company s cost of capital, which, in turn, has significantly reduced its ability to acquire assets that meet the Company s investment requirements. Continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic . The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the healthcare industry in many ways. Many stories exist about U.S. healthcare workers, especially nurses, experiencing burnout due to the length and severity of the pandemic, and this has caused many nurses and other medical professionals to switch jobs within the medical profession or quit their professions altogether. This phenomenon has led to material increases in labor costs for healthcare systems, especially hospital systems, as some employers have had to rely on higher costing contract nursing labor to sustain their businesses. The increase in labor costs, among various other factors, contributed to the rapid increase in inflation during 2022. Furthermore, the continued spread of the BA.5 variant of COVID-19 (and its subvariants) in the U.S. has prolonged the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in third party reimbursement methods and policies . The price of healthcare services has been increasing, and, as a result, we believe that third-party payors, such as Medicare and commercial insurance companies, will continue to scrutinize and reduce the types of healthcare services eligible for, and the amounts of, reimbursement under their health insurance plans. Additionally, many employer-based insurance plans continue to increase the percentage of insurance premiums for which covered individuals are responsible, which makes healthcare services more expensive for individuals. We expect these trends will only be exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, as medical expenditures increased significantly during the pandemic. If these trends continue, our tenants businesses will continue to be negatively affected, which may impact their ability to pay rent to us. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base estimates on the best information available to us at the time, our experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, it is possible that different accounting would have been applied, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. From time-to-time, we re-evaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. For a more detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the footnotes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that it may require complex judgment in its application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. We consider our critical accounting estimates to be those used in the determination of the reported amounts and disclosure related to the following: Investment in Real Estate
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
 Revenue Recognition
 
 Investment in Real Estate All of our facility acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were accounted for as asset acquisitions because substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets that we acquired were concentrated in a single asset or group of similar identifiable assets. Accordingly, the purchase prices of acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities were recorded and allocated at fair value on a relative basis. The recorded allocations are based on estimated cash flow projections of the properties acquired which incorporates discount, capitalization and interest rates as well as available comparable market information. We use considerable judgement in our estimates of cash flow projections, discount, capitalization and interest rates, fair market lease rates, carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, and costs to execute similar leases. While our methodology for purchase price allocations did not change during the year ended December 31, 2022, the real estate market is fluid and our assumptions are based on information currently available in the market at the time of acquisition. Significant increases or decreases in these key estimates, particularly with regards to cash flow projections and discount and capitalization rates, would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value allocated to acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities. In the case of the fair value of buildings and fair value of land and certain other intangibles, our estimates of the values of these components will affect the amount of depreciation or amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property acquired or the remaining lease term. In the case of the fair value of above-market or below-market lease intangibles, our estimates of the values of these components will affect the amount of rental revenue we record as these values are amortized as a reduction of or an addition to rental income over the estimated remaining term of the respective leases. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We review our real estate assets on an asset group basis for impairment. We identify an asset group based on the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. In the impairment analysis we must determine whether there are indicators of impairment. For operating properties, these indicators could include a reduction in our estimated hold period, a significant decline in a property s leasing percentage, a current period operating loss or negative cash flows combined with a history of losses at the property, a significant decline in lease rates for that property or others in the property s market, a significant change in the market value of the property, or an adverse change in the financial condition of significant tenants. If we determine that an asset has indicators of impairment, we must determine whether the undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset exceed the carrying amount of the asset. In calculating the undiscounted net cash flows of an asset, we use considerable judgement to estimate a number of inputs. We must estimate future rental rates, future capital expenditures, future operating expenses, and market capitalization rates for residual values, among other things. In addition, if there are alternative strategies for the future use of the asset, we assess the probability of each alternative strategy and perform a probability-weighted undiscounted cash flow analysis to assess the recoverability of the asset. In determining the fair value of an asset, we exercise considerable judgment on a number of factors. We may determine fair value by using a discounted cash flow calculation or by utilizing comparable market information. We use judgement to determine an appropriate discount rate to apply to the cash flows in the discounted cash flow calculation. We also use judgment in analyzing comparable market information because no two real estate assets are identical in location and price. The estimates and judgments used in the impairment process are highly subjective and susceptible to frequent change. Significant increases or decreases in any of these inputs, particularly with regards to cash flow projections and discount and capitalization rates, would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement of the real estate assets being assessed. Additionally, changes in economic and operating conditions, including changes in the financial condition of our tenants, and changes to our intent and ability to hold the related asset, that occur subsequent to our impairment assessment could impact the assumptions used in that assessment and could result in future charges to earnings if assumptions regarding those investments differ from actual results. Revenue Recognition Our operations primarily consist of rental revenue earned from tenants under leasing arrangements which provide for minimum rent and escalations. Management exercises considerable judgment in the rental property revenue recognition process including the treatment of the contractual rental stream and the determination of its collectability. Our leases have been accounted for as operating leases. For operating leases with contingent rental escalators, revenue is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due during the period. Revenue from leases with fixed annual rental escalators are recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease term, when we believe substantially all lease income, including the related straight-line receivable, is probable of collection. We monitor the liquidity and creditworthiness of our tenants and operators and exercise considerable judgement in assessing the probability of collection. Our assessment of collectability incorporates available operational performance measures such as sales and the aging of billed amounts as well as other publicly available information with respect to our tenant s financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, including declines in such conditions. In the event that we determine receivables are not probable of collection, lease income will be recorded on a cash basis, with the corresponding tenant receivable and straight-line rent receivable charged as a direct write-off against rental revenue in the period of the change in our collectability determination. If management s assumptions regarding the collectability of lease related receivables prove incorrect, we could experience decreases in rental revenue, including decreases in excess of any amounts initially recognized. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Results of Operations The major factors that resulted in variances in our results of operations for each revenue and expense category for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, were the increase in the size of our property portfolio and related increases in rental revenue and operating expenses, as well as depreciation and amortization expenses. Rising interest rates and increased interest expense on our indebtedness also had a significant impact on our 2022 results of operations. Our total investments in real estate, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization, was 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For a discussion related to our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Revenue Rental revenue 137,167 115,804 21,363 Other income 116 132 (16) Total revenue 137,283 115,936 21,347 Expenses General and administrative 16,545 16,453 92 Operating expenses 25,188 15,488 9,700 Depreciation expense 40,008 33,825 6,183 Amortization expense 16,715 13,050 3,665 Interest expense 25,230 19,696 5,534 Preacquisition expense 354 151 203 Total expenses 124,040 98,663 25,377 Income before gain from sale of investment property 13,243 17,273 (4,030) Gain on sale of investment property 6,753 1,069 5,684 Net income 19,996 18,342 1,654 Revenue Total Revenue Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 137.3 million, compared to 115.9 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 21.4 million. The increase was primarily the result of rental revenue earned from the facilities we acquired during 2022, as well as from the recognition of a full year of rental revenue in 2022 from acquisitions that were completed during 2021. Within that increase, 18.7 million in revenue was recognized from net lease expense recoveries during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11.6 million for the same period in 2021. Expenses General and Administrative General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 16.5 million. A reduction in non-cash LTIP compensation expense, which was 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.8 million for the same period in 2021, was offset by an increase in cash compensation costs and general corporate expenses. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 25.2 million, compared with 15.5 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 9.7 million. The increase results primarily from 18.7 million of recoverable property operating expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11.6 million for the same period in 2021. In addition, our operating expenses included 4.7 million of non-recoverable property operating expenses from gross leases for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.3 million for the same period in 2021. Depreciation Expense Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 40.0 million, compared to 33.8 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 6.2 million. The increase resulted primarily from depreciation expense incurred on the facilities we acquired during 2022, as well as from the recognition of a full year of depreciation expense in 2022 from acquisitions that were completed during 2021. Amortization Expense Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 16.7 million, compared to 13.1 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 3.6 million. The increase resulted primarily from amortization expense related to intangible assets connected to the facilities we acquired during 2022, as well as from the recognition of a full year of amortization expense in 2022 from acquisitions that were completed during 2021. Interest Expense Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 25.2 million, compared to 19.7 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 5.5 million. This increase was due to higher average borrowings as well as increased interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. The weighted average interest rate of our debt for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.43 compared to 3.06 in 2021. Additionally, the weighted average interest rate and term of our debt was 4.20 and 3.93 years, respectively, at December 31, 2022. Income Before Gain on Sale of Investment Property Income before gain on sale of investment property for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 13.2 million, compared to 17.3 million for the same period in 2021, a decrease of 4.1 million. Gain on Sale of Investment Property In July 2022, we sold a medical office building located in Germantown, Tennessee receiving gross proceeds of 17.9 million, resulting in a gain of 6.8 million. In October 2021, we sold a medical office building located in Prescott, Arizona receiving gross proceeds of 5.5 million, resulting in a gain of 1.1 million. Net Income Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 20.0 million compared to 18.3 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 1.7 million. Assets and Liabilities As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our principal assets consisted of investments in real estate, net, of 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively. We completed 14 acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our liquid assets consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 14.5 million and 12.8 million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The increase in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balances to 14.5 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 12.8 million as of December 31, 2021, was primarily due to borrowings on our Credit Facility, larger net proceeds received from the sale of an investment property during 2022, and net proceeds received from ATM equity issuances, partially offset by funds used to acquire real estate and pay dividends to our common and preferred stockholders and OP Unit and LTIP Unit holders of our Operating Partnership. The increase in our total liabilities to 744.2 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 625.9 million as of December 31, 2021, was primarily the result of higher net borrowings outstanding, partially offset by a decrease in the derivative liability balance. Liquidity and Capital Resources General Our short-term (up to 12 months) liquidity requirements include: Interest expense and scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness; General and administrative expenses; Property operating expenses; Property acquisitions; 
 Distributions on our common and preferred stockholders and OP Unit and LTIP Unit holders in our Operating Partnership; and 
 Capital and tenant improvements. 
 In 2023, we are contractually obligated to pay, or have capital commitments for, approximately (i) 30.5 million of principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt, and (ii) 0.2 million in ground and operating lease expenses. In addition, our preferred stock became redeemable by us in September 2022. The liquidation preference for our preferred stock is 77.6 million, and, if we decide to fully redeem, we will have to pay this amount plus fees and expenses. Our long-term (beyond 12 months) liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for acquisitions, capital and tenant improvements at our properties, scheduled debt maturities, general and administrative expenses, operating expenses, and distributions. Beyond 2023, we are contractually obligated to pay, or have capital commitments for, approximately (i) 788.9 million of principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt, and (ii) 13.0 million in ground and operating lease expenses. We expect to satisfy our short and long-term liquidity needs through various internal and external sources, including cash flow from operations, debt financing, sales of additional equity securities, the issuance of OP Units in connection with acquisitions of additional properties, proceeds from select property dispositions and recapitalization transactions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aggregate capital improvement commitments and obligations to improve, expand, and maintain the Company s existing facilities of approximately 30 million. Many of these amounts are subject to contingencies that make it difficult to predict when they will be utilized, if at all. In accordance with the terms of the Company s existing and proposed leases, capital improvement obligations in the next 12 months are expected to total approximately 10 million. Internal Sources of Liquidity Our primary internal sources of liquidity include cash flow from operations and proceeds from select property dispositions and recapitalization transactions. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 External Sources of Liquidity Our primary external sources of liquidity include net proceeds received from equity issuances, including the issuance of OP Units in connection with acquisitions of additional properties, and debt financing, including borrowings under our Credit Facility and secured term loans. Equity Issuances In March 2022, the Company and the Operating Partnership entered into a Sales Agreement with certain sales agents, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, up to 300 million of its common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated gross proceeds of 10.3 million through equity issuances of 0.6 million shares of the Company s common stock at an average offering price of 17.15 per share. We did not issue any shares under our ATM program during the third or fourth quarters of 2022 or to date in 2023. Debt Financing . Credit Facility. Our Credit Facility consists of (i) the 350 million Term Loan A, (ii) the 150 million Term Loan B, and (iii) the 400 million Revolver. The Credit Facility also contains a 500 million accordion feature. As of February 24, 2023, we had unutilized borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility of 245.0 million. As of August 1, 2022, LIBOR-based interest rates on amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility were transitioned to a SOFR-based interest rate equal to term SOFR plus a related spread adjustment of 10 basis points and a borrowing spread based on the current pricing grid in the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is an unsecured facility with a term of (i) four years (beginning on August 1, 2022) for the Revolver (subject to two, six-month extension options), (ii) five years for Term Loan A (beginning on its origination date of May 3, 2021), and (iii) five years and five months for Term Loan B. We are subject to a number of financial covenants under the amended Credit Facility, including, among other things, the following as of the end of each fiscal quarter, (i) a maximum consolidated unsecured leverage ratio of less than 60 , (ii) a maximum consolidated secured leverage ratio of less than 30 , (iii) a maximum consolidated secured recourse leverage ratio of less than 10 , (iv) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.50:1.00, (v) a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio of 1.50:1.00, (vi) a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of less than 60 , and (vii) a minimum net worth of 573 million plus 75 of all net proceeds raised through equity offerings subsequent to March 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, management believed it complied with all of the financial and non-financial covenants contained in the Credit Facility. Other Fixed Debt. We also have 58.1 million in gross notes payable as of December 31, 2022. This debt is comprised of four instruments. Hedging Instruments. We have six interest rate swaps and nine forward-starting interest rate swaps that are used to manage our interest rate risk. A description of these swaps is below: Term Loan A Swaps As of December 31, 2022, six of our interest rate swaps related to Term Loan A. The notional value of these swaps is 350 million, with 150 million of the swaps maturing in August 2023 and the remaining 200 million maturing in August 2024. In addition, we have five forward starting interest rate swaps that will be effective on the maturity dates of Term Loan A s existing interest rate swaps. These forward starting swaps each have a maturity date of April 2026. Currently, the Term Loan A swaps fix the SOFR component of Term Loan A at a rate of 1.80 through August 2023. Subsequently, from August 2023 to August 2024 the SOFR component of Term Loan A will be fixed at 1.50 . Finally, from August 2024 to April 2026 the SOFR component of Term Loan A will be fixed at 1.36 . 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Term Loan B Swaps On August 2, 2022, we entered into four forward starting interest rate swaps related to Term Loan B with a notional value of 150 million that, beginning on October 1, 2022, fix the SOFR component on Term Loan B through January 2028 at 2.54 . Total Fixed Debt . Our fixed debt totaled 558.1 million on a gross basis at December 31, 2022, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.75 based on our interest rate swaps and at current leverage. The weighted average maturity of our fixed debt was 3.8 years at December 31, 2022. Due to our forward swap structures, the weighted average interest rate on fixed debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is expected to improve over the next few years. Weighted average interest rates on the Company s fixed debt are expected to decrease to approximately 3.67 in 2023, 3.50 in 2024, and 3.43 in 2025, based on the Company s current leverage. Cash Flow Information Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 76.5 million, compared with 69.0 million for the same period in 2021. The increase during the 2022 period was primarily due to increases in depreciation and amortization expenses, partially offset by a larger gain from the sale of an investment property during 2022 and a decrease in non-cash LTIP compensation expense compared to the same period in 2021. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 137.3 million, compared with 194.7 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease during the 2022 period was primarily the result of less real estate investment activity compared to the same period in 2021, partially offset by larger net proceeds received from the sale of an investment property during 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 62.4 million, compared with 127.7 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease during the 2022 period was primarily due to less proceeds received from equity offerings, partially offset by net borrowings on our Credit Facility in 2022 compared to net repayments in 2021. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Management considers certain non-GAAP financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of the Company s operating performance. A non-GAAP financial measure is generally defined as one that purports to measure financial performance, financial position or cash flows, but excludes or includes amounts that would not be so adjusted in the most comparable measure determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company reports non-GAAP financial measures because these measures are observed by management to also be among the most predominant measures used by the REIT industry and by industry analysts to evaluate REITs. For these reasons, management deems it appropriate to disclose and discuss these non-GAAP financial measures. Set forth below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures management considers relevant to the Company s business and useful to investors, as well as reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The non-GAAP financial measures presented herein are not necessarily identical to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. These measures should not be considered as alternatives to net income, as indicators of the Company s financial performance, or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities as measures of the Company s liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of the Company s needs. Management believes that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of the Company s historical consolidated operating results, these measures should be examined in conjunction with net income and cash flows from operations as presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations Funds from operations FFO and adjusted funds from operations AFFO are non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of the rules of the SEC. The Company considers FFO and AFFO to be important supplemental measures of its operating performance and believes FFO is frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO when reporting their results. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 In accordance with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT definition, FFO means net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP before noncontrolling interests of holders of OP Units and LTIP Units, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property and extraordinary items, less preferred stock dividends, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of debt issuance costs and the amortization of above and below market leases), and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Because FFO excludes real estate-related depreciation and amortization (other than amortization of debt issuance costs and above and below market lease amortization expense), the Company believes that FFO provides a performance measure that, when compared period-over-period, reflects the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, development activities and interest costs, providing perspective not immediately apparent from the closest GAAP measurement, net income or loss. AFFO is a non-GAAP measure used by many investors and analysts to measure a real estate company s operating performance by removing the effect of items that do not reflect ongoing property operations. Management calculates AFFO by modifying the NAREIT computation of FFO by adjusting it for certain cash and non-cash items and certain recurring and non-recurring items. For the Company these items include recurring acquisition and disposition costs, loss on the extinguishment of debt, recurring straight line deferred rental revenue, recurring stock-based compensation expense, recurring amortization of above and below market leases, recurring amortization of debt issuance costs, recurring lease commissions, management internalization costs, and other items. Management believes that reporting AFFO in addition to FFO is a useful supplemental measure for the investment community to use when evaluating the operating performance of the Company on a comparative basis. A reconciliation of FFO and AFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (unaudited, in thousands except per share and unit amounts) Net income (loss) 19,996 18,342 (2,499) Less: Preferred stock dividends (5,822) (5,822) (5,822) Depreciation and amortization expense 56,611 46,764 36,302 Gain on sale of investment property (6,753) (1,069) FFO 64,032 58,215 27,981 Internalization expense - settlement of a preexisting contractual relationship 12,094 Internalization expense - other transaction costs 1,911 Amortization of above market leases, net 1,027 520 504 Straight line deferred rental revenue (4,251) (5,317) (5,680) Stock-based compensation expense 4,681 5,810 5,319 Amortization of debt issuance costs and other 2,201 1,982 1,450 Preacquisition expense 354 151 365 AFFO 68,044 61,361 43,944 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share basic and diluted 0.20 0.19 (0.17) FFO per share and unit 0.92 0.90 0.56 AFFO per share and unit 0.98 0.95 0.88 Weighted Average Shares and Units Outstanding basic and diluted 69,662 64,548 49,791 Weighted Average Shares and Units Outstanding: Weighted Average Common Shares 65,462 60,640 46,256 Weighted Average OP Units 1,669 1,732 2,172 Weighted Average LTIP Units 2,531 2,176 1,363 Weighted Average Shares and Units Outstanding basic and diluted 69,662 64,548 49,791 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate (EBITDAre) and Adjusted EBITDAre The Company calculates EBITDA re in accordance with standards established by NAREIT and defines EBITDA re as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP plus depreciation and amortization, interest expense, gain or loss on the sale of investment properties, and impairment loss, as applicable. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA re as EBITDA re plus non-cash stock compensation expense, non-cash intangible amortization related to above and below market leases, preacquisition expense and other normalizing items. Management considers EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re important measures because they provide additional information to allow management, investors, and our current and potential creditors to evaluate and compare our core operating results and our ability to service debt. A reconciliation of net income (loss) to EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 19,996 18,342 (2,499) Interest expense 25,230 19,696 18,680 Depreciation and amortization expense 56,723 46,875 36,353 Gain on sale of investment property (6,753) (1,069) EBITDA re 95,196 83,844 52,534 Stock-based compensation expense 4,681 5,810 5,319 Internalization expense - settlement of a preexisting contractual relationship 12,094 Internalization expense - other transaction costs 1,911 Amortization of above market leases, net 1,027 520 504 Preacquisition expense 354 151 365 Adjusted EBITDA re 101,258 90,325 72,727 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business and investment objectives, we expect that the primary market risk to which we will be exposed is interest rate risk. We may be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of debt used to acquire healthcare facilities, including borrowings under the Credit Facility. The analysis below presents the sensitivity of the value of our variable rate financial obligations to selected changes in market interest rates. The range of changes chosen reflects our view of changes which are reasonably possible over a one-year period. As of December 31, 2022, we had 145.7 million of unhedged borrowings outstanding under the Revolver (before the netting of unamortized debt issuance costs) that bears interest at a variable rate. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Liquidity and Capital Resources for a detailed discussion of our Credit Facility. At December 31, 2022, SOFR on our outstanding floating-rate borrowings was 4.32 . Assuming no increase in the amount of our variable interest rate debt, if SOFR increased 100 basis points, our cash flow would decrease by approximately 1.5 million annually. Assuming no increase in the amount of our variable rate debt, if SOFR were reduced 100 basis points, our cash flow would increase by approximately 1.5 million annually. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2021, our exposure to interest rate risk was not materially different from our exposure as of December 31, 2022. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve our objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or floating rates. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Hedging Instruments , for a description of our interest rate swaps. We may enter into additional derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps and caps, in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on our future borrowings. We will not enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes. In addition to changes in interest rates, the value of our investments is subject to fluctuations based on changes in local and regional economic conditions and changes in the creditworthiness of tenants/operators and borrowers, which may affect our ability to refinance our debt if necessary. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 53 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 55 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 56 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 57 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 58 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 59 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Global Medical REIT Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Global Medical REIT Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Acquisition of Real Estate Assets Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description During the year-ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed 14 property acquisitions which increased the Investment in Real Estate balance by approximately 148.9 million. For each acquisition, substantially all of the fair value was concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets and, therefore, each acquisition represents an asset acquisition. For asset acquisitions in the current year, the Company allocated the purchase price to tangible assets and any intangible assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values utilizing the assistance of a third-party appraiser. For these type of asset acquisitions, tangible assets include land, building, site improvement and tenant improvements. Intangible assets include in-place leases, leasing costs and above-market leases while intangible liabilities include below-market leases. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 The fair value of land is determined using the sales comparison approach whereby recent comparable land sales and listings are gathered and summarized. The available market data is then compared to the land being valued and adjustments are made for dissimilar characteristics such as market conditions, size, and location. The fair value of buildings acquired are estimated on an as-if-vacant basis and the value is primarily based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates as well as available market information. The fair value of site improvements is based on the cost approach with a deduction for depreciation and the fair value of tenant improvements are based on prevailing market tenant improvement allowances. In-place lease intangible assets are valued considering current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases in arriving at an estimate of the carrying costs during the expected lease-up period from vacant to existing occupancy. Estimates used in developing the carrying cost are based on market lease terms and include costs related to real estate taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses, as well as estimates of lost market rental revenue during the expected lease up periods. Leasing Cost intangible assets consist of leasing commissions and legal fees. Leasing commissions are estimated by multiplying the remaining contract rent by a market leasing commission. Legal fees represent legal costs associated with writing, reviewing, and sometimes negotiating various lease terms. The fair value of above-or-below market leases is estimated based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the lease acquired) of the difference between contractual amounts to be received pursuant to the lease and management s estimate of market lease rates measured over a period equal to the estimated remaining term of the lease. Given the relative fair value determination of assets acquired and liabilities assumed required management to use various valuation methodologies and make significant estimates related to assumptions including the selection of the discount rates, capitalization rates, determination of market rental rates, tenant improvement allowance, expected lease up period, and comparable land sales adjusted for dissimilar characteristics, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the approach and these assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the acquisition of real estate assets included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over the purchase price allocation, including management s controls over the review of third-party appraisals, review of assumptions such as discount rates, capitalization rates, market rental rates, tenant improvement allowance, lease up period, comparable adjusted land sales, and the valuation methodologies for estimating the relative fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies, as well as various assumptions such as discount rates, capitalization rates, market rental rates, tenant improvement allowance, lease up period, and comparable adjusted land sales. For the discount rate, capitalization rate, tenant improvement allowance, and lease-up period assumptions, we developed an independent range and compared the rate or period selected by management to the range, considering property specific factors. For assumptions related to market rental rates, and comparable adjusted land sales, we evaluated the market comparables selected by management, concluding whether they were reasonable based on property specific factors. We tested the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models. /s/ March 1, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except par values) 

As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Investment in real estate: Land Building Site improvements Tenant improvements Acquired lease intangible assets Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Investment in real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant receivables, net Due from related parties Escrow deposits Deferred assets Derivative asset Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Credit Facility, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Accounts payable and accrued expenses Dividends payable Security deposits Derivative liability Other liabilities Acquired lease intangible liability, net Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Global Medical REIT Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Rental revenue Other income Total revenue Expenses General and administrative Operating expenses Management fees related party Depreciation expense Amortization expense Interest expense Management internalization expense Preacquisition expense Total expenses Income (loss) before gain on sale of investment property ) Gain on sale of investment property Net income (loss) ) Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Less: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share basic and diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate swap agreements ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Consolidated Statements of Equity (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Global Accumulated Medical Additional Other REIT Inc Non- Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders controlling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Interest Equity Balances, January 1, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock, net LTIP Units and OP Units redeemed for common stock ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends to common stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Issuance of shares of common stock, net LTIP Units and OP Units redeemed for common stock ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements Stock-based compensation expense Dividends to common stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Issuance of shares of common stock, net LTIP Units and OP Units redeemed for common stock ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements Stock-based compensation expense Dividends to common stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances, December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of acquired lease intangible assets Amortization of above market leases, net Amortization of debt issuance costs and other Stock-based compensation expense Capitalized preacquisition and other costs charged to expense Reserve for uncollectible accounts, net Gain on sale of investment property ) ) Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant receivables ) ) ) Deferred assets ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Security deposits Accrued management fee due to related party ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of land, buildings, and other tangible and intangible assets and liabilities ) ) ) Internalization - cash paid for acquisition of former advisor, net of cash acquired of ) Net proceeds from sale of investment property Escrow deposits for purchase of properties Advances (made to) repayments received from related parties ) ) Payment received on loan made to a tenant Capital expenditures on existing real estate investments ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net proceeds received from common equity offerings Escrow deposits required by third party lenders ) ) ) Proceeds from notes payable Repayment of notes payable ) ) ) Proceeds from Credit Facility Repayment of Credit Facility ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders, and OP Unit and LTIP Unit holders ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash payments for interest Noncash financing and investing activities: Accrued dividends payable Interest rate swap agreements fair value change recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) OP Units and LTIP Units redeemed for common stock Loan assumed in connection with a facility acquisition Accrued common stock offering costs Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) limited partner of the Operating Partnership, with an aggregate of of the Operating Partnership owned by holders of long-term incentive plan units LTIP Units and third-party limited partners who contributed properties or services to the Operating Partnership in exchange for common limited partnership units OP Units ). The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GMRE. The Company s Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GMRE PrA. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 of the Company s properties were classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Upon the disposition of a property, the Company recognizes a gain or loss at a point in time when the Company determines control of the underlying asset has been transferred to the buyer. The Company s performance obligation is generally satisfied at the closing of the transaction. Any continuing involvement is analyzed as a separate performance obligation in the contract, and a portion of the sales price is allocated to each performance obligation. There is significant judgment applied to estimate the amount of variable consideration, if any, identified within the sales price and assess its probability of occurrence based on current market information, historical transactions, and forecasted information that is reasonably available. For sales of real estate (or assets classified as held for sale), the Company evaluates whether the disposition is a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results, and, if so, it will be classified as discontinued operations in the Company s consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and , respectively. The balance as of December 31, 2022 consisted of in funds owed from the Company s tenants for rent that the Company had earned but had not yet received, for a loan that was made to of the Company s tenants, of tenant reimbursements, and of miscellaneous receivables. The balance as of December 31, 2021 consisted of in funds owed from the Company s tenants for rent that the Company had earned but had not yet received, of loans that were made to of the Company s tenants, and of tenant reimbursements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 on those leases that were probable of collection to ensure that the tenant lease receivables were not overstated. and , respectively. Escrow deposits include funds held in escrow to be used for the acquisition of properties in the future and for the payment of taxes, insurance, and other amounts as stipulated by the Company s Cantor Loan, as hereinafter defined. and , respectively. The balance as of December 31, 2022 consisted of in deferred rent receivables resulting from the recognition of revenue from leases with fixed annual rental escalations on a straight-line basis and of other deferred costs. The balance as of December 31, 2021 consisted of in deferred rent receivables resulting from the recognition of revenue from leases with fixed annual rental escalations on a straight-line basis and of other deferred costs. and , respectively. The balance as of December 31, 2022 consisted of for right of use assets, in capitalized construction in process costs, in prepaid assets, and for net capitalized software costs and miscellaneous assets. The balance as of December 31, 2021 consisted of for right of use assets, in preacquisition and other capitalized costs related to our properties, in prepaid assets, and for net capitalized software costs and miscellaneous assets. Refer to Note 8 Leases for additional details on right of use assets. and a net liability of , respectively. In accordance with the Company s risk management strategy, the purpose of the interest rate swaps is to manage interest rate risk for certain of the Company s variable-rate debt. The interest rate swaps involve the Company s receipt of variable-rate amounts from the counterparties in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements. The Company accounts for derivative instruments in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Refer to Note 4 Credit Facility, Notes Payable and Derivative Instruments for additional details. and , respectively. The balance as of December 31, 2022 consisted of for right of use liabilities and of prepaid rent. The balance as of December 31, 2021 consisted of for right of use liabilities and of prepaid rent. Refer to Note 8 Leases for additional details on right of use liabilities. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 , tenant improvements, which are generally between one and , and site improvements, which are generally between three and . Values assigned to in-place lease and leasing costs intangible assets are charged as amortization expense using the straight-line method over the remaining term of the respective leases. . 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 was recognized as Management Internalization Expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the of excess consideration paid over the fair value of underlying identifiable net liabilities of the business acquired of was recorded as Goodwill in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company also incurred of expense related to the management internalization transaction for the year ended December 31, 2020, which is also included in the Management Internalization Expense line item. The Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, includes revenue and of net loss related to the operations of the business acquired subsequent to its acquisition. The accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the operations of the business acquired for the full year. The table below presents the unaudited revenue and net income attributable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2020 on a pro forma basis as if the transaction occurred on January 1, 2020. The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the business combination had occurred on the first day of the period presented, nor does the pro forma information purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. Pro forma net income attributable to common stockholders Cash paid for the acquisition of the former advisor, after consideration of the settlement of a preexisting contractual relationship of and net of cash acquired of was and is included as an Investing activity in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for year ended December 31, 2020. . Goodwill represents the excess of consideration paid over the fair value of underlying identifiable net assets of businesses acquired. The Company s goodwill balance was derived from the management internalization transaction. Goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized, but is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The Company s policy is to perform its annual goodwill impairment evaluation as of the first day of the fourth quarter of its fiscal year. The Company has reporting unit. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment either under a qualitative assessment option or a quantitative approach depending on the facts and circumstances of the reporting unit, consideration of the excess of the reporting unit s fair value over its carrying amount in previous assessments and changes in business environment. When performing a qualitative assessment, the Company considers factors including, but not limited to, current macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, financial performance and other events relevant to the entity or the reporting unit to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. When performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test, the reporting unit carrying value is compared to its fair value. Goodwill is deemed impaired if, and the impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which, the reporting unit carrying value exceeds its fair value. Estimating the fair value of a reporting unit requires the exercise of significant judgment and assumptions including judgments about expected future cash flows, weighted-average cost of capital, discount rates and expected long-term growth rates. A significant change to these estimates and assumptions could cause the estimated fair values of our reporting unit to decline and increase the risk of an impairment charge to earnings. The Company performed a qualitative analysis during the fourth quarter of the current fiscal year and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was in excess of the reporting units carrying value, and as a result, a quantitative step one analysis was not necessary. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 reportable segment, with activities related to investing in medical properties. The Company evaluates the operating performance of its investments on an individual asset level basis. acquisitions. For each acquisition, substantially all of the fair value was concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets and, therefore, each acquisition represents an asset acquisition. Accordingly, transaction costs for these acquisitions were capitalized. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Facility Acquired Date Acquired: Gainesville 2/4/22 Grand Rapids 2/28/22 Sarasota 3/29/22 Greenwood 3/30/22 Fairbanks 4/1/22 Rocky Point 4/8/22 Fairfax 5/11/22 Lee s Summit 5/19/22 Lexington 5/27/22 Toledo 7/8/22 Lake Geneva 7/26/22 Glenview 9/1/22 Canandaigua 9/16/22 Hermitage 9/20/22 Capitalized costs (1) Total Additions: Disposition of Germantown 7/1/22 ) ) ) ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 

 (1) Represents capital projects that were completed and placed in service during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the Company s existing facilities. 
 Depreciation expense was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aggregate capital improvement commitments and obligations to improve, expand, and maintain the Company s existing facilities of approximately . Many of these amounts are subject to contingencies that make it difficult to predict when they will be utilized, if at all. In accordance with the terms of the Company s existing and proposed leases, capital improvement obligations in the next twelve months are expected to total approximately . Summary of Properties Acquired During the Year Ended December 31, 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company completed acquisitions. For each acquisition, substantially all of the fair value was concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets and, therefore, each acquisition represents an asset acquisition. Accordingly, transaction costs for these acquisitions were capitalized. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Facility Acquired Date Acquired: El Paso 1/12/21 Syracuse 1/15/21 West El Paso 1/15/21 Fort Worth 3/9/21 Port St. Lucie 4/6/21 Cape Coral and Fort Myers 4/13/21 Dallas 4/16/21 East Grand Forks 4/19/21 Coos Bay 4/21/21 Caledonia 6/2/21 Tallahassee 6/2/21 Forsyth 7/28/21 North Charleston 7/29/21 Munster 9/15/21 Hialeah 9/30/21 Athens 9/30/21 Lemoyne 12/3/21 Athens 200 12/13/21 Mentor 12/16/21 Oklahoma City 12/20/21 Capitalized costs (1) (2) Total Additions: Disposition of Prescott 10/13/21 ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 

 (1) Represents capital projects that were completed and placed in service during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the Company s existing facilities. (2) During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed and funded a expansion at its Oklahoma City facility that was acquired in April 2019 with Mercy Rehabilitation Hospital as the tenant. 
 Lease Intangible Assets and Liabilities ) Above market leases ) Leasing costs ) ) Liability Below market leases ) 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ) Above market leases ) Leasing costs ) ) Liability Below market leases ) Amortization expense related to leasing costs Decrease in rental revenue related to above market leases Increase in rental revenue related to below market leases ) ) ) 2024 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) Thereafter ) Total ) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average amortization period for asset lease intangibles and liability lease intangibles are years and years, respectively. million unsecured syndicated credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan ), as administrative agent (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility consists of (i) million of term loans, which includes (a) a million term loan Term Loan A and (b) a million term loan Term Loan B, and, together with Term Loan A, the Term Loans ), and (ii) a million revolver component (the Revolver ). The Credit Facility also includes a million accordion feature. Term Loan A matures in May 2026, Term Loan B matures in February 2028, and the Revolver matures in August 2026, with extension options. As of August 1, 2022, LIBOR-based interest rates on amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility were transitioned to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR based interest rate equal to term SOFR plus a related spread adjustment of basis points and a borrowing spread based on the current pricing grid in the Credit Facility. The Company may be entitled to a temporary reduction in the interest rate of basis points provided it meets certain to be agreed upon sustainability goals. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 , (ii) a maximum consolidated secured leverage ratio of less than , (iii) a maximum consolidated secured recourse leverage ratio of less than , (iv) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of :1.00, (v) a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio of :1.00, (vi) a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of less than , and (vii) a minimum net worth of million plus of all net proceeds raised through equity offerings subsequent to March 31, 2022. The Company has entered into interest rate swaps to hedge its interest rate risk on the Term Loans. For additional information related to the interest rate swaps, see the Derivative Instruments - Interest Rate Swaps section herein. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed under the Credit Facility and repaid , for a net amount borrowed of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed under the Credit Facility and repaid , for a net amount repaid of . Interest expense incurred on the Credit Facility was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Term Loan A Term Loan B Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Credit Facility, net Costs incurred related to the Credit Facility, net of accumulated amortization, are netted against the Company s Credit Facility, net of unamortized debt issuance costs balance in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company paid and related to amendments and modifications to the Credit Facility during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense incurred was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is included in the Interest Expense line item in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Notes Payable, Net of Debt Issuance Costs loans: (1) the Rosedale Loan, (2) the Dumfries Loan, (3) the Cantor Loan, and (4) the Toledo Loan, described in detail herein. The following table sets forth the balances of these loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Notes payable Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Notes payable, net Amortization expense incurred related to the debt issuance costs on these loans was , , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is included in the Interest Expense line item in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Rosedale Loan On July 31, 2020, in connection with its acquisition of the Rosedale Facilities, the Company, through certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries, as borrowers, entered into a loan with FVCbank with a principal balance of the Rosedale Loan ). The Rosedale Loan has an annual interest rate of and matures on July 31, 2025 with principal and interest payable monthly based on a 25-year amortization schedule. The Company, at its option, may prepay the loan, subject to a prepayment fee. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Interest expense incurred on this loan was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2024 2025 Total Dumfries Loan On April 27, 2020, in connection with its acquisition of the Dumfries Facility, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, assumed a CMBS loan with a principal amount of the Dumfries Loan ). The Dumfries Loan has an annual interest rate of and matures on June 1, 2024 with principal and interest payable monthly based on a amortization schedule. The Company, at its option, may prepay the loan, subject to a prepayment premium. The Company made principal payments of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Interest expense incurred on this loan was , , and for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 2024 Total Cantor Loan On March 31, 2016, through certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries (the GMR Loan Subsidiaries ), the Company entered into a CMBS loan (the Cantor Loan ). The Cantor Loan has a maturity date of April 6, 2026 and an annual interest rate of . The Cantor Loan required interest-only payments through March 31, 2021 and thereafter principal and interest based on a 30-year amortization schedule. Prepayment can only occur within prior to the maturity date, subject to earlier defeasance. The Cantor Loan is secured by the assets of the GMR Loan Subsidiaries. The Company made principal payments of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Interest expense incurred on this note was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 Total Toledo Loan On July 8, 2022, in connection with its acquisition of the Toledo Facility, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary GMR Toledo LLC, assumed a loan with a principal amount of the Toledo Loan ). The Toledo Loan has an annual interest rate of with semi-annual principal and interest payments. The Company made principal payments of during the year ended December 31, 2022. The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 was . I nterest expense incurred on this loan was for the year ended December 31, 2022.The Toledo Loan matures on . 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 interest rate swaps and forward starting interest rate swaps that are used to manage its interest rate risk by fixing the SOFR component of the Term Loans through their maturities. A description of these swaps is below: Term Loan A Swaps As of December 31, 2022, of the Company s interest rate swaps related to Term Loan A. The notional value of these swaps is million, with million of the swaps maturing in August 2023 and the remaining million maturing in August 2024. In addition, the Company has forward starting interest rate swaps at notional amounts equal to the existing Term Loan A interest rate swaps that will be effective on the maturity dates of Term Loan A s existing interest rate swaps. These forward starting swaps each have a maturity date of April 2026. Currently, the Term Loan A swaps fix the SOFR component of Term Loan A at a rate of through August 2023. Subsequently, from August 2023 to August 2024 the SOFR component of Term Loan A will be fixed at . Finally, from August 2024 to April 2026 the SOFR component of Term Loan A will be fixed at . Term Loan B Swaps On August 2, 2022, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swaps related to Term Loan B with a notional value of million that, beginning on October 1, 2022, fix the SOFR component on Term Loan B through January 2028 at . The Company records the swaps either as an asset or a liability measured at its fair value at each reporting period. When hedge accounting is applied, the change in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is (i) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the equity section of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and (ii) subsequently reclassified into earnings as interest expense for the period that the hedged forecasted transactions affect earnings. If specific hedge accounting criteria are not met, changes in the Company s derivative instruments fair value are recognized currently as an adjustment to net income. The Company s interest rate swaps are not traded on an exchange. The Company s interest rate swaps are recorded at fair value based on a variety of observable inputs including contractual terms, interest rate curves, yield curves, measure of volatility, and correlations of such inputs. The Company measures its derivatives at fair value on a recurring basis based on the expected size of future cash flows on a discounted basis and incorporating a measure of non-performance risk. The fair values are based on Level 2 inputs within the framework of ASC Topic 820. The Company considers its own credit risk, as well as the credit risk of its counterparties, when evaluating the fair value of its derivative instruments. The fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps was an asset of and a net liability of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gross balances are included in the Derivative Asset and Derivative Liability line items on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The table below details the components of the amounts presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) recognized on the Company s interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. ) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense ) ) ) Total change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded total interest expense in its Consolidated Statements of Operations of , , and , respectively. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 and years, respectively, at December 31, 2022, compared to and years, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ), issued and outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per share. Q4 2020 Q1 2021 Q2 2021 Q3 2021 Q4 2021 Q1 2022 Q2 2022 Q3 2022 Q4 2022 (1) 

 (1) Two months of this amount, equal to , was accrued at December 31, 2022. 
 The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividend payments only when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors (the Board (or a duly authorized committee of the Board). Dividends will accrue or be payable in cash from the original issue date, on a cumulative basis, quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date at a fixed rate per annum equal to of the liquidation preference of per share (equivalent to per share on an annual basis). In September 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock became eligible for partial or full redemption by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had t redeemed any of its Series A Preferred Stock. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will be cumulative and will accrue whether or not (i) funds are legally available for the payment of those dividends, (ii) the Company has earnings or (iii) those dividends are declared by the Board. The quarterly dividend payment dates on the Series A Preferred Stock are January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid preferred dividends of . Common Stock The Company has of authorized shares of common stock, par value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and outstanding shares of common stock, respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Q4 2020 Q1 2021 Q2 2021 Q3 2021 Q4 2021 Q1 2022 Q2 2022 Q3 2022 Q4 2022 

 (1) Includes dividends on granted LTIP Units and OP Units issued to third parties. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid total dividends on its common stock, LTIP Units, and OP Units in the aggregate amount of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued dividend balances of and for dividends payable on the aggregate annual and long-term LTIP Units that are subject to retroactive receipt of dividends on the amount of LTIP Units ultimately earned. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of dividends were accrued and of dividends were paid related to these units. During the year ended December 31, 2021, of dividends were accrued and of dividends were paid related to these units. The amount of the dividends paid to the Company s stockholders is determined by the Company s Board and is dependent on a number of factors, including funds available for payment of dividends, the Company s financial condition and capital expenditure requirements except that, in accordance with the Company s organizational documents and Maryland law, the Company may not make dividend distributions that would: (i) cause it to be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; (ii) cause its total assets to be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus senior liquidation preferences; or (iii) jeopardize its ability to maintain its qualification as a REIT. Capital Raising Activity In March 2022, the Company and the Operating Partnership entered into a Sales Agreement with certain sales agents, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, up to of its common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated net proceeds of through ATM equity issuances of shares of the Company s common stock at an average offering price of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company generated net proceeds of through equity issuances of shares of the Company s common stock at an average offering price of per share. On March 18, 2021, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of its common stock, including the related option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters. These transactions resulted in the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock at a public offering price of per share, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . OP Units During the year ended December 31, 2022, OP Unit holder redeemed OP Units for shares of the Company s common stock with an aggregate redemption value of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, OP Unit holders redeemed an aggregate of OP Units for shares of the Company s common stock with an aggregate redemption value of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and OP Units issued and outstanding , respectively, with an aggregate value of and , respectively. The OP Unit value at issuance and redemption is based on the Company s closing share price on the date of the respective transaction and is included as a component of noncontrolling interest equity in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has sufficient shares of common stock authorized pursuant to its charter to cover the redemption of outstanding OP Units. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. These balances primarily consist of taxes paid on behalf of LTIP Unit and OP Unit holders that are reimbursable to the Company. The Company had amounts due to related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Management Agreement and Management Fees On July 9, 2020, the Company completed the management internalization transaction. Prior to the completion of this transaction, the Company was subject to a management agreement dated July 1, 2016, by and between the Company and the former advisor. For the year ended December 31, 2020 (prior to the completion of the management internalization transaction) management fees of were incurred and expensed by the Company. shares of common stock that remain available to be granted under the Plan. Units subject to awards under the Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, lapsed, or otherwise expired (excluding shares withheld to satisfy exercise prices or tax withholding obligations) are available for grant. Time-Based Grants on March 4, 2022; and on March 4, 2023 February 24, 2022 Final awards under the 2021 Annual Incentive Plan on February 24, 2022; and on February 24, 2023 February 24, 2022 Time-based awards under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan on February 24, 2025 May 11, 2022 Annual awards to independent directors on May 11, 2023 vested LTIP Units redeemed for the Company s common stock. A detail of the Company s outstanding time-based LTIP Units as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Vested units Unvested units LTIP Units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Performance Based Awards The Board has approved annual performance-based LTIP awards Annual Awards and long-term performance-based LTIP awards Long-Term Awards to the executive officers and other employees of the Company. As described below, the Annual Awards have performance periods and the Long-Term Awards have performance periods. In addition to meeting specified performance metrics, vesting in both the Annual Awards and the Long-Term Awards is subject to service requirements. performance-based LTIP awards collectively under the 2021 and 2022 programs were forfeited. A detail of the Company s Long-Term Awards under the 2020 and 2021 programs, and the Annual Awards and Long-Term Awards under the 2022 program as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

2020 Long-Term Awards 2021 Long-Term Awards 2022 Annual Awards (1) 2022 Long-Term Awards (2) Total target performance awards as of December 31, 2022 

 (1) Approved by the Board on February 24, 2022. The number of target LTIP Units was based on the average closing price of the Company s common stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE over the 15 trading days preceding the grant date. (2) Approved by the Board on February 24, 2022. The number of target LTIP Units was based on the fair value of the Long-Term Awards as determined by an independent valuation consultant. Annual Awards . The Annual Awards are subject to the terms and conditions of LTIP Annual Award Agreements LTIP Annual Award Agreements between the Company and each grantee. The Compensation Committee and Board established performance goals for the year ending December 31, 2022, as set forth in the 2022 LTIP Annual Award Agreements (the Performance Goals that will be used to determine the number of LTIP Units earned by each grantee. As of December 31, 2022, management estimated that the Performance Goals would be met at an level and, accordingly, cumulative stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects management s estimate that of these awards will be earned. As soon as reasonably practicable following the first anniversary of the Annual Awards grant date, the Compensation Committee and Board will determine the extent to which the Company has achieved each of the Performance Goals (expressed as a percentage) and, based on such determination, will calculate the number of LTIP Units that each grantee is entitled to receive. Each grantee may earn up to of the number of his/her target LTIP Units. Any 2022 Annual Award LTIP Units that are not earned will be forfeited and cancelled. Vesting. LTIP Units that are earned as of the end of the applicable performance period will vest in two installments as follows: of the earned LTIP Units will become vested on February 28, 2023 (the end of the performance period) and of the earned LTIP Units become vested on February 28, 2024, the anniversary of the initial vesting date. Vesting may be accelerated under certain circumstances such as a change-in-control transaction or a qualified termination event. Distributions. Distributions equal to the dividends declared and paid by the Company will accrue during the applicable performance period on the maximum number of LTIP Units that the grantee could earn and will be paid with respect to all of the earned LTIP Units at the conclusion of the applicable performance period, in cash or by the issuance of additional LTIP Units at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Long-Term Awards. The Long-Term Awards are subject to the terms and conditions of their related LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements (collectively the LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements between the Company and each grantee. The number of LTIP Units that each grantee earns under the LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements will be determined following the conclusion of a performance period based on the Company s total stockholder return TSR ), which is determined based on a combination of appreciation in stock price and dividends paid during the performance period. Each grantee may earn up to of the number of target LTIP Units covered by the grantee s Long-Term Award. Any target LTIP Units that are not earned will be forfeited and cancelled. The number of LTIP Units earned under the Long-Term Awards will be determined as soon as reasonably practicable following the end of the applicable performance period based on the Company s TSR on an absolute basis (as to of the Long-Term Award) and relative to the companies that comprised the Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Health Care Index (the Index (as to of the Long-Term Award). 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 of the earned LTIP Units will vest upon the day prior to the third anniversary of the respective grant dates and the remaining will vest on the anniversary of the initial vesting date. Vesting may be accelerated under certain circumstances such as a change-in-control transaction or a qualified termination event. Distributions. Pursuant to the LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements, distributions equal to the dividends declared and paid by the Company will accrue during the applicable performance period on the maximum number of LTIP Units that the grantee could earn and will be paid with respect to all of the earned LTIP Units at the conclusion of the applicable performance period, in cash or by the issuance of additional LTIP Units at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Stock-Based Compensation Expense The Company s prospective compensation expense for all unvested LTIP Units, Annual Awards, and Long-Term Awards is recognized using the adoption date fair value of the awards, with no remeasurement required. Compensation expense for future LTIP Unit grants, Annual Awards, and Long-Term Awards is based on the grant date fair value of the units/awards, with no subsequent remeasurement required. As the Long-Term Awards involve market-based performance conditions, the Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation to provide a grant date fair value for expense recognition. The Monte Carlo simulation is a generally accepted statistical technique used, in this instance, to simulate a range of possible future stock prices for the Company and the members of the Index over the Performance Periods. The purpose of this modeling is to use a probabilistic approach for estimating the fair value of the performance share award. The assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation include beginning average stock price, valuation date stock price, expected volatilities, correlation coefficients, risk-free rate of interest, and expected dividend yield. The beginning average stock price is the beginning average stock price for the Company and each member of the Index for the trading days leading up to the grant date of the Long-Term Award. The valuation date stock price is the closing stock price of the Company and each of the peer companies in the Index on the grant dates of the Long-Term Awards. The expected volatilities are modeled using the historical volatilities for the Company and the members of the Index. The correlation coefficients are calculated using the same data as the historical volatilities. The risk-free rate of interest is taken from the U.S. Treasury website and relates to the expected life of the remaining performance period on valuation or revaluation. Lastly, the dividend yield assumption is , which is mathematically equivalent to reinvesting dividends in the issuing entity, which is part of the Company s award agreement assumptions. Target awards Volatility Risk-free rate Dividend assumption Expected term in years The Company incurred stock compensation expense of , , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to the grants awarded under the Plan. Compensation expense is included within General and Administrative expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, total unamortized compensation expense related to these awards of approximately million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of years. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 . Payments from the Company s tenants for CAM are considered nonlease components that are separated from lease components and are generally accounted for in accordance with the revenue recognition standard. However, the Company qualified for and elected the practical expedient related to combining the components because the lease component is classified as an operating lease and the timing and pattern of transfer of CAM income, which is not the predominant component, is the same as the lease component, for all asset classes. As such, consideration for CAM is accounted for as part of the overall consideration in the lease. Payments from customers for property taxes and insurance are considered non-components of the lease and therefore no consideration is allocated to them because they do not transfer a good or service to the customer. Fixed contractual payments from the Company s leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. This means that, with respect to a particular lease, actual amounts billed in accordance with the lease during any given period may be higher or lower than the amount of rental revenue recognized for the period. Straight-line rental revenue is commenced when the tenant assumes control of the leased premises. Accrued straight-line rents receivable represents the amount by which straight-line rental revenue exceeds rents currently billed in accordance with lease agreements. Some of the Company s leases are subject to annual changes in the Consumer Price Index CPI ). Although increases in CPI are not estimated as part of the Company s measurement of straight-line rental revenue, for leases with base rent increases based on CPI, the amount of rent revenue recognized is adjusted in the period the changes in CPI are measured and effective. Additionally, some of the Company s leases have extension options. Initial direct costs, primarily commissions, related to the leasing of our facilities are capitalized when material as incurred. Capitalized leasing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining useful life of the respective leases. All other costs to negotiate or arrange a lease are expensed as incurred. Lease-related receivables, which include accounts receivable and accrued straight-line rents receivable, are reduced for credit losses, if applicable. The Company regularly evaluates the collectability of its lease-related receivables. The Company s evaluation of collectability primarily consists of reviewing past due account balances and considering such factors as the credit quality of our tenant, historical trends of the tenant and changes in tenant payment terms. If the Company s assumptions regarding the collectability of lease-related receivables prove incorrect, the Company could experience credit losses in excess of what was recognized in rental and other revenues. The Company recognized and of rental revenue related to operating lease payments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of these amounts and , respectively, relate to variable rental revenue. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Information as Lessee The Company has buildings located on land that is subject to operating ground leases with a weighted average remaining term of approximately . Rental payments on these leases are adjusted periodically based on either the CPI or on a pre-determined schedule. The monthly payments on a pre-determined schedule are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. Changes in the CPI are not estimated as part of our measurement of straight-line rental expense. The Company used a weighted average discount rate of approximately , which was derived, using a portfolio approach, from our assessment of the credit quality of the Company and adjusted to reflect secured borrowing, estimated yield curves and long-term spread adjustments over appropriate tenors. Some of the Company s ground leases contain extension options and, where we determined it was reasonably certain that an extension would occur, they were included in our calculation of the right of use asset and liability. The Company recognized approximately and of ground lease expense, of which and was paid in cash, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Discount ) Lease liability Tenant Concentration During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s rental revenues were derived from tenants leasing facilities. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer (our Chief Executive Officer) and principal financial officer (our Chief Financial Officer) as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our Chief Executive Officer (our CEO and Chief Financial Officer (our CFO evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position and results of operations in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, even an effective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Under the supervision of management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our internal control over financial reporting, and that firm s report on our internal control over financial reporting is set forth below. March 1, 2023 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Global Medical REIT Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Global Medical REIT Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP McLean, VA March 1, 2023 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not Applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) Financial Statements f 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 53 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 55 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 56 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 57 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 58 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 59 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 2008 2014 (1) Asheville-ASC 2002 2014 (1) Pittsburgh-MOB/ASC 2006 2015 (1) Memphis-MOB/ASC (4) (7) 2015 (1) Plano-Surgical Hospital (4) 2013 2016 (1) Westland-MOB/ASC (4) 2009 2016 (1) Melbourne-MOB/ Imaging (4) 2012 2016 (1) Reading-MOB/ASC 1992/2002 2016 (1) East Orange-MOB 1996 2016 (1) Watertown- MOB/ Imaging 2011/2015 2016 (1)(3) Sandusky-MOB (8) 2016/2017 (1) Carson City-MOB 1991 2016 (1) Ellijay-MOB 2015 2016 (1)(2)(3) Altoona-IRF 2000 2016 (1)(2)(3) Mechanicsburg-IRF 2011 2016 (1)(2)(3) Mesa-IRF 2011 2016 (1)(2)(3) Lewisburg-MOB/ Imaging 2006 2017 (1)(2)(3) Cape Coral-MOB 2007 2017 (1)(3) Las Cruces-MOB 2012 2017 (1) Clermont-MOB 2014 2017 (1)(2)(3) Oklahoma City-Surgical Hospital/ Physical Therapy/ASC 2002/2007 2017 (1)(2)(3) Brockport-MOB 2011 2017 (1)(2)(3) Flower Mound-ASC 2014 2017 (1)(2)(3) 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 2009 2017 (1)(2) Lubbock-MOB 2004 2017 (1)(2)(3) Austin-IRF 2012 2017 (1)(2)(3) Fort Worth-MOB 2016 2017 (1)(2)(3) Albertville-MOB 2007 2017 (1)(2)(3) Moline-MOB/ASC 2004 2017 (1)(2)(3) Lee s Summit-MOB 2007 2017 (1)(2)(3) Amarillo-MOB 2011 2017 (1) Wyomissing-MOB 2004 2017 (1) Saint George-MOB/ASC 1997 2017 (1) Silvis-MOB 1997/2006 2018 (1)(2)(3) Fremont-MOB 2018 2018 (1) Gainesville-MOB/ASC 2002 2018 (1) East Dallas-Acute Hospital 1994 2018 (1) Orlando-MOB 2007/2008/2009 2018 (1)(2)(3) Belpre-MOB/ Imaging/ER/ ASC 2011/2013/2014/2017 2018 (1)(2)(3) McAllen-MOB 2000 2018 (1) Derby-ASC 2005 2018 (1)(2)(3) Bountiful-MOB 2004 2018 (1)(2) Cincinnati-MOB 2016 2018 (1)(2)(3) Melbourne Pine-Cancer Center 1993 2018 (1)(2)(3) Southern IL-MOB (9) 2018 (1) Vernon-MOB/ Dialysis/ Administrative 1993/1999 2018 (1) Corona 2009 2018 (1) Zachary-LTACH 2015 2019 (1)(2)(3) Chandler -MOB/ASC 2004/2007/2015 2019 (1) Surprise-IRF 2015 2019 (1)(2)(3) South Bend-IRF 2009 2019 (1)(2)(3) Las Vegas-IRF 2007 2019 (1)(2)(3) Oklahoma Northwest-IRF 2012 2019 (1)(2)(3) San Marcos-Cancer Center 2009 2019 (1)(2)(3) Lansing Patient-MOB /ASC 1997/2000/2002 2019 (1)(2)(3) Bannockburn-MOB 1999 2019 (1)(2)(3) Aurora-Office 2015 2019 (1)(2)(3) Livonia-MOB/Urgent Care 1995 2019 (1)(2)(3) Gilbert-MOB/ASC 2006 2019 (1)(2)(3) Morgantown-Office 2019 2019 (1)(2)(3) Beaumont-Surgical Hospital 2013 2019 (1)(2)(3) Bastrop-Freestanding ED 2012 2019 (1)(2)(3) Panama City-MOB/ASC 2008/2009/2019 2019 (1)(2)(3) Jacksonville-MOB 2003/2004 2019 (1) Greenwood-MOB/ASC 1986 2019 (1) Clinton-MOB/ASC 1964 2020 (1)(2)(3) High Point-MOB 2007 2020 (1)(2)(3) West Allis-MOB 1999 2020 (1)(2)(3) Grand Rapids-MOB/ASC 1988/1992/2000/2006 2020 (1)(2)(3) Dumfries-MOB (5) 2019 2020 (1)(2)(3) Centerville -MOB 2018 2020 (1)(2)(3) Fairfax-MOB 2019 2020 (1)(2)(3) Rosedale-MOB (6) 2014/2017 2020 (1)(2)(3) Lancaster-Plasma Center 2009 2020 (1)(2)(3) Winston Salem-MOB 2009 2020 (1)(2)(3) Decatur-MOB 2010 2020 (1)(2)(3) Jackson-MOB 2009 2020 (1)(2)(3) Sheboygan-MOB 2005 2020 (1)(2)(3) Plymouth-MOB 2010 2020 (1)(2)(3) Spring Hill-MOB/Img 2002/2013/2017/2019 2020 (1)(2)(3) Cape Girardeau-ASC 2002 2020 (1)(2)(3) Yuma-MOB 2013 2020 (1)(2)(3) 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 2007/2015 2020 (1) Pensacola-MOB/ASC 1985/1997 2020 (1)(2)(3) Venice-MOB 2008 2020 (1)(2)(3) El Paso-MOB 2008 2021 (1)(2)(3) West El Paso-MOB/ASC 2015/2018 2021 (1)(2)(3) Syracuse-MOB 2012 2021 (1)(2)(3) Fort Worth-Behavioral Hospital 2013 2021 (1)(2)(3) Coos Bay-MOB 2009 2021 (1)(2)(3) Port Saint Lucie-MOB/ASC 1990 2021 (1)(2)(3) Dallas-MOB/ASC 1989 2021 (1)(2)(3) Cape Coral-MOB 1991/1999/2004/2007 2021 (1)(2)(3) East Grand Forks-MOB 2004 2021 (1)(2)(3) Tallahassee-MOB 2002 2021 (1)(2)(3) Caledonia-MOB 2007 2021 (1)(2)(3) North Charleston-MOB 2002 2021 (1)(2)(3) Forsyth-MOB/Imaging 2003 2021 (1)(2)(3) Munster-MOB/ASC 2005 2021 (1)(2)(3) Athens-MOB 2003 2021 (1)(2)(3) Hialeah-MOB 2019 2021 (1)(2)(3) Oklahoma City-MOB 2001 2021 (1)(2)(3) Mentor-MOB 1991 2021 (1)(2)(3) Athens 200-MOB 2000 2021 (1)(2)(3) Lemoyne-MOB/Imaging 1990/2000 2021 (1)(2)(3) Gainesville-MOB 2006 2022 (1)(2)(3) Grand Rapids Paris-MOB 2004 2022 (1)(2)(3) Sarasota-MOB 2013 2022 (1)(2)(3) Greenwood-MOB 2007 2022 (1)(2)(3) Fairbanks-MOB/ASC 2010 2022 (1)(2)(3) Rocky Point-MOB/ASC/Imaging 2006/2007 2022 (1)(2)(3) Fairfax Hamaker-MOB 1986 2022 (1)(2)(3) Lee s Summit-MOB/ASC 2003 2022 (1)(2)(3) Lexington-MOB/Cancer Center 1996/2000/2006/2009 2022 (1)(2)(3) Toledo Ohio-MOB/ASC 1997 2022 (1)(2)(3) Lake Geneva-MOB 1999 2022 (1)(2)(3) Glenview-MOB/Retail 2003 2022 (1)(2)(3) Canandaigua-MOB 2010/2013 2022 (1)(2)(3) Hermitage-MOB 2000 2022 (1)(2)(3) Totals The cost basis for income tax purposes of aggregate gross land, building, site improvements, and tenant improvements as of December 31, 2022 was million. (1) Estimated remaining useful life for buildings is 17 to . (2) Estimated remaining useful life for tenant improvements is 1 to . (3) Estimated remaining useful life for site improvements is 1 to . (4) The facility serves as collateral for the Cantor Loan, which had a balance of as of December 31, 2022. (5) The facility serves as collateral for the Dumfries Loan, which had a balance of as of December 31, 2022. (6) The facility serves as collateral for the Rosedale Loan, which had a balance of as of December 31, 2022. (7) Years of: 2001, 1984, 2003, 2006, 2009, 2011. (8) Years of: 1953, 1982, 2000, 1998, 2017. (9) Years of: 2002, 2006, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2016. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Additions through acquisitions Deductions ) ) Balance, end of period Accumulated Depreciation: Balance, beginning of period Additions through expense Deductions ) ) Balance, end of period (a)(3) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Restatement of Global Medical REIT Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2018). 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Global Medical REIT Inc., adopted as of December 7, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022). 4.1 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2016). 4.2 Specimen of 7.50 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017). 4.3 Description of Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020). 10.1 Global Medical REIT Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended through May 26, 2021) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021). 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2020, by and between Jeffrey Busch and Inter-American Management LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 10.3 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2020, by and between Robert Kiernan and Inter-American Management LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 10.4 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 9, 2020, by and between Alfonzo Leon and Inter-American Management LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 10.5 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between Inter-American Management LLC and Jeffrey Busch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021). 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 10.6 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between Inter-American Management LLC and Robert Kiernan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021). 10.7 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between Inter-American Management LLC and Alfonzo Leon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021). 10.8 Severance Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 10.9 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Annual Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 10.10 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Long-Term Performance Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 10.11 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Long-Term Time-Based Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 10.12 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020). 10.13 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Annual Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021). 10.14 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Long-Term Performance-Based Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021). 10.15 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Long-Term Time-Based Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021). 10.16 LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Long-Term Performance-Based Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020). 10.17 LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Long-Term Time-Based Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020). 10.18 LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2016). 10.19 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Global Medical REIT Inc. and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2016). 10.20 Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated March 14, 2016, of Global Medical REIT L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on March 18, 2016). 10.21 First Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Global Medical REIT L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017). 10.22 Second Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Global Medical REIT L.P., dated August 21, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on November 7, 2019). 10.23 Third Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Global Medical REIT L.P., dated June 16, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on August 7, 2020). 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 10.24 Loan Agreement dated March 31, 2016 between GMR Memphis, LLC, GMR Plano, LLC, GMR Melbourne, LLC, and GMR Westland, LLC and Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on April 6, 2016). 10.25 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement, dated August 1, 2022, by and among Global Medical REIT L.P., Global Medical REIT Inc., the certain Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto as Guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the several banks and financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022). 10.26 Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement, dated May 3, 2021, by and among Global Medical REIT L.P., Global Medical REIT Inc., the certain Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto as Guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the several banks and financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on May 5, 2021). 21 Subsidiaries of the Company. 23 Consent of Deloitte Touche, LLP 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase ` 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Filed herewith Furnished herewith. Such certification shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Global Medical REIT Inc. Dated: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Jeffrey M. Busch Jeffrey M. Busch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the date indicated. Signature Title Date / s/ Jeffrey M. Busch Jeffrey M. Busch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director March 1, 2023 /s/ Robert J. Kiernan Robert J. Kiernan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 /s/ Henry Cole Henry Cole Director March 1, 2023 /s/ Paula Crowley Paula Crowley Director March 1, 2023 /s/ Matthew Cypher Matthew Cypher Director March 1, 2023 /s/ Zhang Huiqi Zhang Huiqi Director March 1, 2023 /s/ Ronald Marston Ronald Marston Director March 1, 2023 /s/ Dr. Roscoe Moore Dr. Roscoe Moore Director March 1, 2023 /s/ Lori Wittman Lori Wittman Director March 1, 2023 f 
 89 

<EX-21>
 2
 gmre-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT The Company has the following wholly owned subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022: 

Name State of Organization Global Medical REIT L.P. Delaware Global Medical REIT GP LLC Delaware Inter-American Management LLC Delaware GMR Omaha, LLC Delaware GMR Asheville, LLC Delaware GMR Pittsburgh, LLC Delaware GMR Plano, LLC Delaware GMR Memphis, LLC Delaware GMR Melbourne, LLC Delaware GMR Westland, LLC Delaware GMR Memphis Exeter, LLC Delaware GMR Reading, LLC Delaware GMR East Orange, LLC Delaware GMR Sandusky, LLC Delaware GMR Watertown, LLC Delaware GMR Carson City, LLC Delaware GMR Ellijay, LLC Delaware GMR Las Cruces, LLC Delaware GMR Altoona, LLC Delaware GMR Mechanicsburg, LLC Delaware GMR Mesa, LLC Delaware GMR Lewisburg, LLC Delaware GMR Cape Coral, LLC Delaware GMR Clermont, LLC Delaware GMR Prescott, LLC Delaware GMR Oklahoma City, LLC Delaware GMR Flower Mound, LLC Delaware GMR Fort Worth, LLC Delaware GMR Lubbock, LLC Delaware GMR Sherman, LLC Delaware GMR Brockport, LLC Delaware GMR Austin, LLC Delaware GMR Germantown, LLC Delaware GMR Fremont, LLC Delaware GMR Moline, LLC Delaware GMR Albertville, LLC Delaware GMR Lee s Summit, LLC Delaware GMR Wyomissing, LLC Delaware GMR Amarillo, LLC Delaware GMR Gainesville, LLC Delaware GMR Saint George, LLC Delaware GMR Silvis, LLC Delaware GMR Indianapolis, LLC Delaware GMR Orlando, LLC Delaware 
 
 1 

 GMR Bountiful, LLC Delaware GMR East Dallas Hospital, LLC Delaware GMR East Dallas Land, LLC Delaware GMR Belpre, LLC Delaware GMR McAllen, LLC Delaware GMR Derby, LLC Delaware GMR Southern IL, LLC Delaware GMR Cincinnati Beechmont, LLC Delaware GMR Southern IL Carbondale, LLC Delaware GMR Southern IL Shiloh 1191, LLC Delaware GMR Southern IL Shiloh 1197, LLC Delaware GMR Melbourne Pine, LLC Delaware GMR Vernon, LLC Delaware GMR Vernon Keynote, LLC Delaware GMR Corona, LLC Delaware GMR Zachary, LLC Delaware GMR Chandler Dobson, LLC Delaware GMR Chandler Pecos I, LLC Delaware GMR Chandler Pecos II, LLC Delaware GMR Chandler Val Vista I, LLC Delaware GMR Las Vegas, LLC Delaware GMR Oklahoma Northwest, LLC Delaware GMR South Bend, LLC Delaware GMR Surprise, LLC Delaware GMR Lansing Jolly 3390, LLC Delaware GMR Lansing Jolly 3394, LLC Delaware GMR Lansing Jolly 3400, LLC Delaware GMR Lansing Patient, LLC Delaware GMR Bannockburn, LLC Delaware GMR San Marcos, LLC Delaware GMR Morgantown, LLC Delaware GMR Gilbert, LLC Delaware GMR Livonia, LLC Delaware GMR Aurora, LLC Delaware GMR Beaumont, LLC Delaware GMR Bastrop, LLC Delaware GMR Greenwood, LLC Delaware GMR Panama City Chipley, LLC Delaware GMR Panama City PCB, LLC Delaware GMR Panama City, LLC Delaware GMR Jacksonville Ponte Vedra, LLC Delaware GMR Jacksonville Riverside, LLC Delaware GMR Clinton, LLC Delaware GMR High Point, LLC Delaware GMR Grand Rapids Beltline, LLC Delaware GMR Grand Rapids Main, LLC Delaware GMR Grand Rapids Walker, LLC Delaware GMR Grand Rapids Wilson, LLC Delaware GMR West Allis, LLC Delaware GMR Dumfries, LLC Delaware 
 
 2 

GMR Fairfax, LLC Delaware GMR Rosedale 5233, LLC Delaware GMR Rosedale 5235, LLC Delaware GMR Centerville, LLC Delaware GMR Winston-Salem, LLC Delaware GMR Lancaster, LLC Delaware GMR Decatur, LLC Delaware GMR Jackson, LLC Delaware GMR Plymouth, LLC Delaware GMR Sheboygan, LLC Delaware GMR Cape Girardeau, LLC Delaware GMR Hudson, LLC Delaware GMR Spring Hill County Line, LLC Delaware GMR Spring Hill Medical Center, LLC Delaware GMR Traverse City, LLC Delaware GMR Las Vegas Pecos, LLC Delaware GMR Las Vegas Warm Springs, LLC Delaware GMR West El Paso, LLC Delaware GMR El Paso, LLC Delaware GMR Syracuse, LLC Delaware GMR Yuma 20, LLC Delaware GMR Yuma 25, LLC Delaware GMR Pensacola Market, LLC Delaware GMR Dallas North Central, LLC Delaware GMR East Grand Forks, LLC Delaware GMR Pensacola Grande, LLC Delaware GMR Pensacola Davis, LLC Delaware GMR Venice, LLC Delaware GMR Lake Orion, LLC Delaware GMR Fort Worth Overton Ridge, LLC Delaware GMR Coos Bay, LLC Delaware GMR Fort Myers Park Royal, LLC Delaware GMR Fort Myers Camelot, LLC Delaware GMR Cape Coral Viscaya 1265, LLC Delaware GMR Cape Coral Viscaya 1261, LLC Delaware GMR Cape Coral Viscaya 1255, LLC Delaware GMR Cape Coral Southeast, LLC Delaware GMR Port St. Lucie, LLC Delaware GMR Tallahassee, LLC Delaware GMR Caledonia, LLC Delaware GMR Forsyth 241 Weaver, LLC Delaware GMR Forsyth 389 Weaver, LLC Delaware GMR North Charleston, LLC Delaware GMR Lemoyne, LLC Delaware GMR Munster, LLC Delaware GMR Jackson - GI, LLC Delaware GMR Hialeah, LLC Delaware GMR Athens-600, LLC Delaware GMR Oklahoma City A, LLC Delaware GMR Mentor, LLC Delaware GMR Athens-200, LLC Delaware GMR Gainesville Sherwood, LLC Delaware GMR Sarasota, LLC Delaware GMR Paris, LLC Delaware GMR Lee s Summit Northeast, LLC Delaware GMR Greenwood Emerson, LLC Delaware GMR Rocky Point, LLC Delaware GMR Fairbanks, LLC Delaware 

 3 

 GMR Danville, LLC Delaware GMR Frankfort, LLC Delaware GMR London, LLC Delaware GMR Somerset, LLC Delaware GMR Fairfax Hamaker, LLC Delaware GMR White House, LLC Delaware GMR Glenview, LLC Delaware GMR Toledo, LLC Delaware GMR Gatwick, LLC Delaware GMR Wyoming, LLC Delaware GMR Canandaigua, LLC Delaware GMR Lake Geneva, LLC Delaware GMR Hermitage Garden Way, LLC Delaware GMR Bowling Green, LLC Delaware 
 
 4 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 gmre-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-239043 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-263219 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Global Medical REIT Inc. and subsidiaries the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Mclean, Virginia March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 gmre-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Jeffrey M. Busch, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (this Report of Global Medical REIT Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Jeffrey M. Busch Jeffrey M. Busch, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 gmre-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Robert J. Kiernan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (this Report of Global Medical REIT Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Robert J. Kiernan Robert J. Kiernan, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 gmre-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Medical REIT Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the SEC (the Report ), Jeffrey M. Busch, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Robert J. Kiernan, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Jeffrey M. Busch Jeffrey M. Busch, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Robert J. Kiernan Robert J. Kiernan, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gmre-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gmre-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gmre-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gmre-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

