<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1173313_0001213900-23-025554.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8494042</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>536297</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1627202</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1994807</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2041177</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2066974</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025554.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331164602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025554
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001173313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				260014658
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40700
		FILM NUMBER:		23788675

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44370 OLD WARM SPRINGS BLVD.
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-668-0881

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44370 OLD WARM SPRINGS BLVD.
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American BriVision (Holding) Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METU BRANDS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150908

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ECOLOGY COATINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080821

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025554.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_abvcbiopharma.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Company in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification) 

. 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

Registrant s Telephone number, including
area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
at least the part 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was and 0, based on the closing
price of 1.06 on June 30, 2022. 

As of March 31, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of common stock outstanding and 0 shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

ABVC BioPharma, Inc. 

Form 10-K 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved staff comments 
 36 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholders
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 40 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 
 40 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 63 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 
 64 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 65 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 65 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 66 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 
 
 Item 12. 
 Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 76 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 82 
 
 Signatures 
 83 

i 

CONVENTIONS 

Except where the context otherwise requires and
for purposes of this annual report only: 

APR or annual percentage
rate refers to the annual rate that is charged to borrowers, including a fixed interest rate and a transaction fee rate, expressed
as a single percentage number that represents the actual yearly cost of borrowing over the life of a loan; 

BioKey means BioKey, Inc. refers
to a California corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of ABVC; 

BioLite means BioLite Holding,
Inc. refers to a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ABVC; 

The Board or Board of Directors 
refers to the board of directors of the Company; 

CDMO refers to the Contract Development
 Manufacturing Organization services BioKey provides, such as a API characterization, pre-formulation studies, formulation
development, analytical method development, stability studies, IND/NDA/ANDA/510K submissions, and manufacturing clinical trial materials
(phase I through phase III) and commercial manufacturing. 

China and P.R.C. 
refer to the People s Republic of China, including Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Macau Special Administrative
Region, unless referencing specific laws and regulations adopted by the PRC and other legal or tax matters only applicable to mainland
China, excluding Taiwan for purposes of this report; 

Common Stock is the Common Stock
of ABVC Biopharma, Inc., par value US 0.001 per share; 

Merger Agreement means the Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of January 31, 2018, pursuant to which the Company, BioLite, BioKey, BioLite Acquisition Corp. 
a Nevada corporation, and BioKey Acquisition Corp. a California corporation completed a business combination on February 8, 2019
where ABVC acquired BioLite and BioKey via the issuance of additional shares of Common Stock to the shareholders of BioLite and BioKey; 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
is the Series A convertible preferred stock of ABVC Biopharma, Inc., par value US 0.001 per share; 

The terms we, us, 
 our, the Company, our Company or ABVC refers to ABVC Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, and all of the Subsidiaries as defined herein unless the context specifies; 

R.O.C. or Taiwan 
refers to Taiwan, the Republic of China; 

Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, 
refer to American BriVision Corporation, sometimes referred to as BriVision , BioLite Holding, Inc. or BioLite and BioKey,
Inc. or BioKey; 

All references to NTD and New
Taiwan Dollars are to the legal currency of R.O.C.; and 

All references to U.S. dollars ,
 dollars , and are to the legal currency of the U.S. 

This report specifies certain NTD amounts and
in parenthesis the approximate U.S. dollar amounts at the exchange rate on the date of this report. The conversion rates regarding NTD
and U.S. dollars are subject to change and, therefore, we can provide no assurance that U.S. dollar amounts specified in this report
will not change. 

For clarification, this report follows English
naming convention of first name followed by last name, regardless of whether an individual s name is Chinese or English. 

This report does not discuss any affiliates of
the Company that are not controlled by the Company. 

ii 

PART I 

Except for statements of historical fact, the
information presented herein constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by
phrases such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, forecasts, 
 foresees, intends, plans, or other words of similar import. Similarly, statements herein that
describe our business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Such factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to: successfully commercialize our technology; generate revenues and achieve
profitability in an intensely competitive industry; compete in products and prices with substantially larger and better capitalized competitors;
secure, maintain and enforce a strong intellectual property portfolio; attract additional capital sufficient to finance our working capital
requirements, as well as any investment of plant, property and equipment; develop a sales and marketing infrastructure; identify and
maintain relationships with third party suppliers who can provide us a reliable source of raw materials; acquire, develop, or identify
for our own use, a manufacturing capability; attract and retain talented individuals; continue operations during periods of uncertain
general economic or market conditions, and; other events, factors and risks previously and from time to time disclosed in our filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Although we believe the expectations reflected
in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

The following summarizes some, but not all, of
the risks provided below. Please carefully consider all of the information discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors in this annual
report for a more thorough description of these and other risks. 

Risks Related to the Company s Business 

Risks relating to unfavorable global economic conditions,
 including health and safety concerns on the business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks relating to no history
 in obtaining regulatory approval for, or commercializing, any new drug candidate. 

Risks relating to dependence on successful development,
 acquisition or licensing of new drugs. 

Risks relating to side effects associated with current
 or future products that could impact growth. 

Risks relating to product
 liability claims and substantial liabilities 

Risks relating to conducting clinical trials at sites
 outside the United States. 

Risks relating to failure in demonstrating safety and
 efficacy of product candidates in clinical trials. 

Risks relating to failure
 to achieve market acceptance. 

Risks relating to failure
 to enter successful collaborations or establish and maintain additional strategic partnerships 

Risks relating to termination
 of license agreements. 

Risks relating to dependence
 on one supplier for API of certain drug candidates. 

Risks relating to claims
 relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of hazardous chemicals and biological materials. 

Risks relating to failure
 to maintain and monitor the sample of drug candidates. 

1 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

Risks relating to improper
 disclosure and misappropriation of confidential information or trade secrets 

Risks relating to protection
 of our IP or infringement of IP rights of other parties 

Risks relating to unable
 to protect and enforce our IP rights throughout the world. 

Regulatory Risks Relating to Biopharmaceutical Business 

Risks relating to fail or delay to obtain regulatory
 approval 

Risks relating to competition
 from more established and well-resourced companies. 

Risks Relating to Doing Business Outside the United States 

Risks
 relating to international operations. 

Risks Related to the Company s Financial Condition 

Risks relating to our existing
 indebtedness. 

Risks relating to our disclosure
 controls and procedures and internal financial reporting controls. 

Risks relating to creation
 of new series of preferred stock. 

Risks relating to failure
 in safeguarding our computer network system. 

Risks Related to the Company s Common Stock 

Risks relating to volatility
 of share price. 

Risks relating to certain
 shareholders have substantial influence over our Company and their interests may not be aligned with the interests of our other shareholders 

Risks relating to future
 sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock 

2 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Industry Overview 

The biotechnology industry focuses on developing
breakthrough products and technologies to combat various types of diseases through efficient industrial manufacturing process. Biotechnology
is an important business sector in the world s economies and plays a key role in human health. Companies engaged in biotechnology generally
require large amounts of capital investment for their research development activities and it may take up to tens of years to develop
and commercialize a new drug or a new medical device. ABVC we or the Company is an early stage biotechnology
company with a pipeline of seven new drugs and one medical device under development, all of which are licensed from related parties
of the Company. 

Our Mission 

We devote our resources to building a sophisticated
biotech company and becoming a pioneer in the biopharmaceutical industry. Dr. Howard Doong, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Tsung-Shann
Jiang, the founder and majority shareholder of the Company, understand the challenges and opportunities of the biotech industry and intend
to provide therapeutic solutions to significant unmet medical needs and to improve health and quality of human life by developing innovative
botanical drugs to treat central nervous system CNS and oncology/ hematology diseases. 

Business Overview 

As of the date of this Report, the Company s
minimal revenue has come from the sale of CDMO services through BioKey. However, the Company s focus is on developing a pipeline
of products by carefully tracking new medical discoveries or medical device technologies in research institutions in the Asia-Pacific
region. Pre-clinical, disease animal model and Phase I safety studies are examined closely by the Company s scientists and other
specialists known to the Company to identify drugs or medical devices that it believes demonstrate efficacy and safety based on the Company s
internal qualifications. Once a drug or medical device is shown to be a good candidate for further development and ultimately commercialization,
ABVC licenses the drug or medical device from the original researchers and introduces the drug or medical device clinical trial plan
to highly respected principal investigators in the United States, Australia and Taiwan. In almost all cases, ABVC has found that research
institutions in each of those countries are eager to work with the Company to move forward with Phase II clinical trials. 

Institutions
that have or are now conducting phase II clinical trials in partnership with ABVC include: 

Drug: ABV-1504, Major Depressive
 Disorder (MDD), Phase II completed. NCE drug Principal Investigators: Charles DeBattista M.D. and Alan F. Schatzberg, MD, Stanford
 University Medical Center, Cheng-Ta Li, MD, Ph.D Taipei Veterans General Hospital 

Drug: ABV-1505, Adult Attention-Deficit
 Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Phase II Part 1 completed. Principal Investigators: Keith McBurnett, Ph.D. and Linda Pfiffner, Ph.D., University
 of California San Francisco (UCSF), School of Medicine. Phase II, Part 2 clinical study sites includes UCSF and 5 locations in Taiwan.The
 Principal Investigators are Keith McBurnett, Ph.D. and Linda Pfiffner, Ph.D., University of California San Francisco (UCSF),
 School of Medicine; Susan Shur-Fen Gau, M.D., National Taiwan University Hospital; Xinzhang Ni, M.D. Linkou Chang Gung Memorial Hospital;
 Wenjun Xhou, M.D., Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital; Ton-Ping Su, M.D., Cheng Hsin General Hospital, Cheng-Ta Li, M.D., Taipei
 Veterans General Hospital. The Phase II, Part 2 began in the 1 st quarter of 2022 at the 5 Taiwan sites. The UCSF site
 will join the study in the 2 nd quarter of 2023. 

Drug: ABV-1601, Major Depression
 in Cancer Patients, Phase I/II, NCE drug Principal Investigator: Scott Irwin, MD, Ph.D. Cedars Sinai Medical Center
 (CSMC). The Phase I clinical study will be initiated in the 1st quarter of 2023. 

Medical Device:
 ABV-1701, Vitargus in vitrectomy surgery, Phase II Study has been initiated in Australia and Thailand, Principal Investigator:
 Duangnate Rojanaporn, M.D., Ramathibodi Hospital; Thuss Sanguansak, M.D., Srinagarind Hospita l of the two Thailand Sites and
 Professor/Dr. Matthew Simunovic, Sydney Eye Hospital; Dr. Elvis Ojaimi, East Melbourne Eye Group East Melbourne Retina. The
 Phase II study will be started in the 2 nd quarter of 2023. 

The following trials are expected to begin in
the third quarter of 2023: 

Drug: ABV-1519, Non-Small
 Cell Lung Cancer treatment, Phase I/II Study in Taiwan, Principal Investigator: Dr. Yung-Hung Luo, M.D., Taipei Veterans General
 Hospital (TVGH) 

Drug: ABV-1703, Advanced
 Inoperable or Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer, Phase II, Principal Investigator: Andrew E. Hendifar, MD Cedars Sinai Medical
 Center (CSMC) 

Upon successful completion of a Phase II trial,
ABVC will seek a partner, typically a large pharmaceutical company, to complete a Phase III study and commercialize the drug or medical
device upon approval by the US FDA, Taiwan TFDA and other country regulatory authorities. 

3 

GMP Manufacturing 

ABVC owns a certified GMP manufacturing facility,
through BioKey, that is qualified to deliver small quantities of drugs for use by its clients in clinical trials from Phase I to Phase
III. The GMP facility can manufacture direct API or blend fill-in capsules, manual and automated encapsulation, wet granulation or tray
drying process, tablet compression and coating process, packaging solid dosage forms for ANDA and IND submission. 

The BioKey facility consists of a GMP suite,
product development area, analytical laboratory, food processing area, caged GMP storage area, receiving area and two warehouses. The
facility was remodeled in December 2008 and received its first drug manufacturing license in June 2009. ABVC s current drug
manufacturing license allows it to manufacture drug products under IND for human clinical trials until the expiration of the license
on December 2, 2024. 

In
2022, BioKey began manufacturing a dietary supplement based on the maitake mushroom. The
mushrooms, supplied by Shogun Maitake Canada, Co. Ltd., are grown in a controlled temperature and humid environment free of pesticides
and chemicals. Initially, sales of the new supplement in the US and Canada will be targeted to high end grocery stores and worldwide
via online distribution. While there are many mushroom-based supplements currently available to customers, BioKey believes its new line
has a significant competitive advantage since the purity and consistency of the mushrooms themselves exceeds any maitake mushrooms currently
available and the extraction process employed by BioKey delivers a particularly strong dose. The maitake mushroom is rich in bioactive
polysaccharides, especially beta-glucans. These polysaccharides have well-documented immune-protecting and antitumor properties. BioKey
has developed both a tablet and a liquid version of the supplement. GMP manufacturing of bulk quantities Maitake mushroom tablets and
Maitake mushroom drinks were completed in 2 and 1 batches respectively for commercial launches in Taiwan and Canada in 2022. 

Beta-glucans in maitake mushrooms has been shown
to reduce cholesterol, resulting in improved artery functionality and overall better cardiovascular health that lowers the risk of heart
disease. Further, studies have shown that the beta-glucans in maitake mushroom have the effect of strengthening the immune system 1 .
In a trial of postmenopausal breast cancer patients, oral administration of a maitake extract was shown to have immunomodulatory effects.
In a different trial done at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, maitake extracts were shown to enhance neutrophil and monocyte function
in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome. It boosts production of lymphokines (protein mediators) and interleukins (secreted proteins)
resulting in improved immune response. Further, beta-glucans, has been shown in clinical trials to lower blood glucose levels thereby
helping to activate insulin receptors, while reducing insulin resistance in diabetes management. 

BioKey has entered into a three-year distribution
agreement with Define Biotech Co. Ltd., a Taiwan-based pharmaceutical marketing company that focuses on sales of drugs, dietary supplements
and medical products in the Asia-Pacific region. The agreement grants Define Biotech the exclusive right to distribute this new dietary
supplement in China and Taiwan in exchange for the commitment to purchase 3.0 million worth of the new product over the three-year period. 

NASDAQ Listing 

On August 5, 2021, we closed a public offering
(the Offering of 1,100,000 units (the Units ), with each Unit consisting of one share of our common
stock (the Common Stock ), one Series A warrant (the Series A Warrants to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price equal to 6.30 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, and one Series B warrant
(the Series B Warrants, and together with the Series A Warrants, the Public Warrants to purchase one share
of common stock at an exercise price equal to 10.00 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date; the
exercise price of the Public Warrants are subject to certain adjustment and cashless exercise provisions as described therein. The Company
completed the Offering pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255112), originally filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 8, 2021 (as amended, the Original Registration Statement ), that
the SEC declared effective on August 2, 2021 and the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-258404) that was filed and automatically
effective on August 4, 2021 (the S-1MEF, together with the Original Registration Statement, the Registration Statement ).
The Units were priced at 6.25 per Unit, before underwriting discounts and offering expenses, resulting in gross proceeds of 6,875,000.
The Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. The Common Stock was approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and commenced
trading under the ticker symbol ABVC on August 3, 2021. 

On August 19, 2022, we received a deficiency
letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for our common stock was below the minimum 1.00
per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) Rule 5550(a)(2) ).
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were initially given until February 14, 2023 to regain compliance with Rule
5550(a)(2). Since we did not regain compliance by such date, we requested and received an additional 180 days, until August 14, 2023,
to comply with Rule 5550(a)(2). 

1 J
Cancer Res Clin Oncol (2009) 135:1215-1221 

4 

The deficiency has no immediate effect on the
listing of our common stock, and our common stock continues to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ABVC 
at this time. 

If at any time before August 14, 2023, the bid
price of our common stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Staff will provide written
confirmation that we have achieved compliance and the matter will be closed. 

If we do not regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2)
by August 14, 2023, the Staff will provide written notification that our securities will be delisted, although we maintain the right
to appeal such determination. 

We intend to actively monitor the closing bid
price for our common stock and will consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). 

Name Change and Cusip Number 

The Company s shareholders approved an
amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to change the Company s corporate name to ABVC BioPharma, Inc. 
and approved and adopted the Certificate of Amendment to affect same at the 2020 annual meeting of shareholders (the Annual
Meeting ). Nevada s Secretary of State approved the name change on March 8, 2021, and FINRA processed our request for
such name change on April 30, 2021. The new name was effective on May 3, 2021. Stock certificates issued before the name change remain
valid and stockholders are not required to submit their stock certificates for exchange as a result of the name change. New stock
certificates issued by the Company after the name change will be printed with the Company s new name, ABVC BioPharma, Inc.; existing
stock certificates remain valid. 

The Company s cusip number is 0091F106. The Company s
stock symbol remains ABVC. 

Our Pipeline 

I. 
 Central Nervous System 

1. 
 ABV-1504 to treat Major
 Depressive Disorder MDD 

We are developing and researching
ABV-1504, a botanical reuptake inhibitor that targets norepinephrine. Prior to clinical trials, we conducted radioligand-binding assay
tests on ABV-1504. Radioligand-binding assays are used to characterize the binding effects of a drug to its target receptor. In the case
of ABV-1504, the receptors of radioligand-binding assays are norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin. The radioligand-binding assay test
on norepinephrine was conducted from May 3 to May 8, 2007 and the radioligand-binding assay test on dopamine and serotonin was administered
from November 26 to December 5, 2007. The result of radioligand-binding assay to norepinephrine of ABV-1504was 2.102 g/ml of IC50,
which indicated ABV-1504 s high inhibitory efficiency on norepinephrine. The results of radioligand-binding assay to dopamine and
serotonin were not as good as to norepinephrine, which indicated lower inhibitory efficiency. Because research has shown that norepinephrine
inhibitors can alleviate the level of depression, our research team saw ABV-1504 s potential to treat depression and decided to
commence the clinical trial process of ABV-1504. 

In 2013, ABVC successfully completed
the Phase I clinical trial of ABV-1504. The primary objective of the Phase I study was to assess the safety profile of ABV-1504. The
safety endpoint was assessed based on the results of physical examinations, vital signs, laboratory data, electrocardiograms ECG ),
Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale evaluation and a number of adverse events during the study period. We began recruiting healthy
people as subjects for the Phase I trial in Taiwan on October 30, 2012. For the Phase I trial, we screened 85 healthy volunteers at the
Taipei Veterans General Hospital and eventually enrolled 30 people as trial subjects. We divided the subjects into four cohort groups
and administered ABV-1504oral capsules of 380 mg, 1140 mg, 2280 mg, and 3800 mg to the subjects in each cohort group, respectively. BioLite
visited the first subject the first time on November 13, 2012 and the last subject the last time on July 5, 2013. During the said period,
no subject had a serious adverse event nor discontinued the trial due to any adverse events. ABVC did not observe any clinically significant
findings in physical examinations, vital signs, electrocardiogram, laboratory measurements, and C-SSRS throughout the treatment period.
However, ABVC observed the following mild adverse events: two subjects with flatulence and one subject with constipation in the single-dose
380mg cohort of seven subjects; one subject with somnolence and one subject with stomatitis ulcer in the single-dose 2,280 mg cohort.
Comparatively, two subjects with somnolence and one subject with stomatitis ulcer were observed in the placebo group of seven subjects.
ABVC did not observe any suicidal ideation or behavior throughout the trial period. ABV-1504 s Phase I clinical trial results reflected
that the oral administration of ABV-1504 to healthy volunteers was safe and well-tolerated at the dose levels of from 380 mg to 3,800
mg. 

5 

ABVC received an IND approval to proceed
with the Phase II clinical trial of ABV-1504 from the F.D.A. in March 2014 and an IND approval of its Phase II trial from the Taiwan
F.D.A. in June 2014. For the Phase II trial, BioLite administered oral capsules to 72 MDD patients (the trial subjects) in a randomized,
double-blind study with a placebo control group to assess ABV-1504 s efficacy and safety profile, primarily in accordance with
the Montgomery- sberg Depression Rating Scale MADRS ). ABVC via BioLite began recruiting Phase II subjects in March
2015 at the following study sites, Taipei Veterans General Hospital, Linkou Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Taipei City Hospital-Songde
Branch, Tri-Service General Hospital, Wan Fang Hospital and started recruiting MDD patients at Stanford Depression Research Clinic. The
first five sites are in Taiwan and the last one is in the United States. The primary endpoint of the Phase II trial is to see changes
of the subjects MADRS total scores from the baseline scores of the placebo subjects within the first six weeks. The secondary
objectives of the Phase II trial are to evaluate the efficacy and safety profile of ABV-1504 on other rating scales with secondary endpoints
of (i) demonstrating changes in MADRS total scores from baseline scores within the second to seventh weeks and (ii) showing changes in
the total scores on Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D-17), Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAM-A), Depression and Somatic
Symptoms Scale (DSSS), Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI) from the baseline scores in the second, fourth, sixth and seventh week.
ABVC plans to measure the percentages of partial responders (subjects with a 25 to 50 decrease of total MADRS scores from the baseline
score) and responders (subjects with 50 or more decrease of total MADRS scores from the baseline score) by the second, fourth, sixth
and seventh week. Additionally, ABVC intends to monitor the subjects performance in accordance with the Safety Assessments and
Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale from the screening stage to each subject s last visit as well as to analyze the differences
in the mean changes of MADRS, HAM-D-17, HAM-A, DSSS, CGI and Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale scores of the subjects administered
with ABV-1504 and the placebo group in the second, fourth, sixth and seventh week. 

On May 23, 2019, the Company announced
the Phase II clinical study results of ABV-1504. The clinical study results showed that PDC-1421, the active pharmaceutical ingredient
of ABV-1504, met the pre-specified primary endpoint of the Phase II clinical trial and significantly improved the symptoms of MDD. The
Phase II clinical study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center trial, in which sixty (60) adult patients with
confirmed moderate to severe MDD were treated with PDC-1421 in either low dose (380 mg) or high dose (2 x 380 mg) compared with placebo
administration, three times a day for six weeks. PDC-1421 high dose (2 x 380 mg) met the pre-specified primary endpoint by demonstrating
a highly significant 13.2-point reduction in the Montgomery- sberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) total score by Intention-To-Treat
(ITT) analysis, averaged over the 6-week treatment period (overall treatment effect) from baseline, as compared to 9.2-point reduction
of the placebo group. By Per-Protocol (PP) analysis, PDC-1421 showed a dose dependent efficacy toward MDD in which high dose (2 x 380
mg) gave 13.4-point reduction in MADRS total score from baseline and low dose (380 mg) gave 10.4-point reduction as compared to a 8.6-point
in the placebo group. Based on the trial results as set forth above, the Company has decided to use the high dose formula for ABV-1504 s
Phase III clinical trial. 

2. 
 ABV-1505 to treat Attention
 Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ADHD 

We developed the ADHD indication from
the same API of ABV-1504. Also, ABV-1505 shares similar pharmaceutical mechanism of action as ABV-1504 in as much as ABV-1505 shows the
potential of increasing the level of norepinephrine in the human s nervous system by inhibiting its reabsorption. Because of ABV-1505 s
sufficient similarity with ABV-1504, in January 2016 the FDA approved our IND application to conduct ABV-1505 s Phase II clinical
trial based on its preclinical research and the Phase I trial results of ABV-1504. 

For the ADHD Phase II trial, ABVC
plans to recruit a maximum of 105 ADHD patients as trial subjects in the United States and Taiwan, to whom ABVC intends to administer
ABV-1505 oral capsules. ABVC has designed a randomized, double-blind dose escalation study with a placebo-controlled group to assess
the efficacy and safety profile of ABV-1505, primarily against the ADHD Rating Scale-IV ADHD-RS-IV ). The primary endpoint
of the Phase II trial is a 40 or higher improvement on the ADHD-RS-IV from the respective baseline scores within a period of up to eight
weeks. The secondary objective is to determine the efficacy and safety profile of ABV-1505 on other rating scales with secondary endpoints
of (i) improvements of the total ADHD symptom scores from the respective baseline scores on the Conners Adult ADHD Rating Scale-Self
Report: Short Version CAARS-S:S 18-Item for a treatment period of eight weeks at maximum; and (ii) achievement of scores
of two or lower on both the Clinical Global Impression-ADHD- Severity CGI-ADHD-S and Clinical Global Impression-ADHD-Improvement CGI-ADHD-I from the subjects respective baseline scores. The University of California San Francisco UCSF initiated the Phase II, Part 1 clinical trial entitled A Phase II Tolerability and Efficacy Study of PDC-1421 Treatment in Adult
Patients with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Part I, on January 14, 2020. The Part 1 trial is a single center, open
label, dose escalation evaluation with two dosage levels in six subjects. Six subjects were initially evaluated for safety and efficacy
assessments at low-dose (1 capsule of PDC-1421, three times a day (TID)) for 28 days. A safety checkpoint was evaluated at day-28 for
entering the high-dose (2 capsules TID). The subjects who passed the checkpoint were evaluated for safety and efficacy assessments at
high-dose (2 capsules of PDC-1421 TID) for 28 days. On July 15, 2020, the last patient last visit (LPLV) marked the final step toward
the completion of the ABV-1505 Phase II Part I clinical trial for the treatment of adult ADHD. On October 24, 2020, a full clinical study
report (CSR) of ABV-1505 Phase II Part I clinical trial was issued. The study results showed that the PDC-1421 Capsule was safe, well
tolerated and efficacious during its treatment and the follow-up period with six adult patients. For the primary endpoints, the percentages
of improvement in ADHD-RS-IV score from baseline to 8 weeks treatment were 83.3 (N=5) in the ITT population and 80.0 (N=4) in the PP
population. Both low and high doses of PDC-1421 Capsule met the primary end points by passing the required 40 population in ADHD-RS-IV
test scores. Overall, the results from this study, which demonstrate the therapeutic value of PDC-1421, support further Phase II Part
II clinical development of ABV-1505 for the treatment of adult ADHD. 

6 

The
Phase II Part II study with its clinical protocol entitled A Phase II Tolerability and Efficacy Study of PDC-1421 Treatment in
Adult Patients with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Part II is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled,
parallel three-groups with a maximum 99 subjects to be enrolled. This study was started at five Taiwan medical centers beginning in April
2022. The University of California, San Francisco site will be initiated in the 1 st quarter of 2023. 

3. 
 ABV-1601 to treat Depression
 in Cancer Patients 

We developed a treatment for depression
in cancer patient from the same active pharmaceutical ingredients as ABV-1504. ABV-1601 shares similar pharmaceutical
mechanisms of action as ABV-1504 in that ABV-1601 shows the potential of increasing the level of norepinephrine in the human nervous
system by inhibiting its reabsorption. Due to ABV-1601 s similarity with ABV-1504, the FDA approved our ABV-1601-001 clinical protocol
under the same IND as for ABV-1504 (IND 112567) in December 2018. 

For
the Phase II trial of ABV-1601, ABVC plans to recruit a maximum number of 54 cancer patients with depression, to whom ABVC intends to
administer ABV-1601 oral capsules. ABVC is engaging the Principal Investigator at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in the U.S. which designed
a randomized, double-blind dose escalation study with a comparator-controlled group to assess the efficacy and safety profile of ABV-1601,
primarily against Montgomery- sberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) total score. The primary endpoint of the Phase II trial is a
change in MADRS, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), subscales (HADS-A and HADS-D), and Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI)
total scores from baseline in patients taking PDC-1421 compared to the comparator. As of the date of this report, the Part I of Phase
II clinical protocol, which is an open trial, has been approved by Cedars-Sinai Medical Center IRB Committee. This study will be
initiated on March 31, 2023. 

II. Oncology 

1. 
 ABV-1702 to treat Myelodysplastic
 Syndrome MDS 

ABVC started the preparation for ABV-1702 s
Phase II clinical trials after receiving its IND approval from the FDA in July 2016. ABVC plans to recruit fifty-two subjects in the
United States who are diagnosed with either IPSS int-1, IPSS int-2 or high risk MDS or CMML and may take azacitidine as part of the subjects 
prescription. Azacitidine is an FDA-approved drug used to treat MDS. ABVC intends to administer ABV-1702 in the oral liquid form along
with azacitidine. The Phase II trial is divided into two parts, where Part 1 is to determine the safety and recommended dose level RDL of ABV-1702 in combination with azacitidine and Part 2 is to determine whether ABV-1702 under the established RDL reduces bactericidal
and fungicidal infection in the subjects respiratory systems. The primary endpoint of Part 1 Phase II trial is to assess the safety
and RDL profile of ABV-1702 administered with azacitidine by measuring ABV-1702 s prohibited toxicity. The secondary endpoints
of Phase II Part 1 are to determine the safety, time-to-first infection after first dose (Day 1) of the first azacitidine treatment cycle,
reduction in treatment requirements and duration of infections, enhancement of immune responses, improvements of response rates, progression,
and survival rates of the subjects under such ABV-1702 - azacitidine combination treatment. The primary endpoint of Part 2 of Phase II
is to determine whether ABV-1702 under the established RDL reduces bactericidal and fungicidal infection risks in the subjects 
respiratory systems in combination with azacitidine as compared to the control group with incidence of infections and incidence/frequency
of inpatient hospitalization due to infections. The secondary endpoints of Part 2 of Phase II are to determine the safety, time-to-first
infection after first dose (Day 1) of the first azacitidine treatment cycle, reduction in required dosage and duration of infection,
enhancement of immune responses, improvement of response rate, progression, and survival rates of the subjects under the trial conditions.
In April 2016, BioLite submitted a letter to the FDA in response to its queries with additional information about the proposed Phase
II trial. 

The
Company expects to begin Phase II clinical trials of ABV-1702 in the fourth quarter of 2023 and is actively looking for qualified principal
investigators and an appropriate site for the study and therefore the timing cannot be guaranteed. 

2. 
 ABV-1703 to treat Pancreatic
 Cancer 

ABVC
developed a new indication for Pancreatic Cancer from Maitake Extract, which is named as ABV-1703 and out licensed it to Rgene for the
preparation of its IND application with the FDA. On August 25, 2017, ABV-1703 s Phase II trial was approved by FDA. Pursuant to
the ABVC-Rgene Co-development Agreement, ABVC is responsible for coordinating and conducting the clinical trials of ABV-1703 globally
and Rgene is responsible for preparing the related FDA applications. As of the date of this report, we are engaging Cedars-Sinai Medical
Center in the U.S. to conduct the Phase II clinical trial and plan to initiate the Phase II trial in the third quarter of 2023. We plan
to submit ABV-1703 s Phase II clinical trial IND to the Taiwan FDA after we commence the clinical trials in the United States. 

7 

3. 
 ABV- 1501 Triple Negative
 Breast Cancer - Combination therapy for Triple Negative Breast Cancer TNBC 

ABV- 1501 is developed
 from BLI-1401-2 whose active pharmaceutical ingredient is Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404. Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center MSKCC conducted the Phase I clinical trial of a polysaccharide extract from Grifola frondosa (Maitake mushroom), which is very similar
 to Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404. The Phase I trial focused on Grifola frondosa extract s immunological effects on breast cancer
 patients. The results of the Phase I trial showed that oral administration of a polysaccharide extract from Maitake mushroom is associated
 with both immunologically stimulatory and inhibitory measurable effects in peripheral blood. 

Our ABV-1501 Investigational
 New Drug IND application to the US FDA for the Phase II clinical trials referencing the MSKCC maitake research resulted
 in a Phase II IND approval in March of 2016 by the U.S. FDA. 

The collaboration with BHK to file clinical trial application to the
Taiwan FDA TFDA for conducting this combination therapy trial in Taiwan was temporarily put on hold due to the lack of
funding. 

Our Collaborative Agreements 

I. 
 ABV-1701 Vitreous Substitute
 for Vitrectomy and Collaboration Agreement with BioFirst 

On July 24, 2017, BriVision, one of
our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a collaboration agreement (the BioFirst Agreement with BioFirst, pursuant to
which BioFirst granted BriVision the global license to co-develop BFC-1401 Vitreous Substitute for Vitrectomy BFC-1401 for medical purposes. BioFirst is a related party to the Company because BioFirst and YuanGene Corporation YuanGene ),
the Company s controlling shareholder, are under common control, being both controlled by the controlling beneficiary shareholder
of YuanGene. 

According to the BioFirst Agreement,
we are to co-develop and commercialize BFC-1401 or ABV-1701 with BioFirst and are obligated to pay BioFirst 3,000,000 (the Total
Payment in cash or common stock of BriVision on or before September 30, 2018 in two installments. An upfront payment of 300,000,
representing 10 of the Total Payment due under the Collaboration Agreement, was to be paid upon execution of the BioFirst Agreement.
BriVision is entitled to receive 50 of the future net licensing income or net sales profit when ABV-1701 is sublicensed or commercialized.
On June 30, 2019, the Company and BioFirst entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to
which the Company will issue 428,571 shares of the Company s common stock to BioFirst in consideration for 3,000,000 owed by the
Company to BioFirst in connection with the BioFirst Collaborative Agreement. For more information about the BioFirst Agreement and Purchase
Agreement, please refer to the current reports on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2017 and July 12, 2019. 

On November 7, 2016, the application
of Phase I clinical trial prepared and submitted by BioFirst was approved by the Human Research Ethics Committee, Australia HREC ),
and on November 14, 2016, it was approved by the Therapeutic Goods Administration, Australia TGA ). 

We successfully finished the Phase
I clinical trial of ABV-1701 at Sydney Retina Clinic and Day Surgery, a clinic located in Sydney, Australia. This was the only site for
this Phase I clinical trial. The trial started on November 17, 2016, and was completed with positive results in July 2018. The Protocol
Title is A Phase I, single center, safety and tolerability study of Vitargus in the treatment of Retinal Detachment. 

The primary endpoint of this Phase
I clinical trial was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of a single intravitreal dose of Vitargus in patients as a vitreous substitute
during vitrectomy surgery for retinal detachment. Intravitreal is a route of administration of a drug or other substance, in which the
substance is delivered into the eyes. The secondary endpoint of this Phase I clinical trial is to assess retinal attachment and Virtagus
degradation at day 90 and to assess best corrected visual acuity BVCA after vitrectomy surgery. BVCA refers to the best
possible vision a person can achieve. The primary and second endpoints are required by HREC for the purpose of evaluation of our Phase
I clinical trial application. We enrolled an aggregate number of 10 patient subjects in this trial. On November 17, 2016, we received
the approval from the Data and Safety Monitoring Board for the first subject, and nine more subjects were enrolled thereafter. In this
trial, Vitargus was injected into the vitreous cavity of vitrectomised eyes, whose vitreous gel was removed from the vitreous cavity
after a vitrectomy surgery. On August 24, 2020, a full clinical study report (CSR) of ABV-1701 Phase I clinical trial was issued. The
study results showed that ABV-1701 (Vitargus) was well-tolerated as a vitreous substitute without any apparent toxicity to ocular tissues.
Further, there was no indication of an increased overall safety risk with Vitargus. For efficacy, participants showed significant improvement
in visual acuity. The optical properties of Vitargus allowed the patients to see well and facilitated visualisation of the fundus immediately
following surgery. In addition, since Vitargus set as a stable semisolid gel adhering to the retina, it maintained its position without
requiring the patient to remain face-down following surgery. 

8 

ABV-1701,
Vitargus in vitrectomy surgery, Phase II Study will be started in the 2 nd quarter of 2023. A
total of four (4) study sites in Australia and Thailand join this multi-nation and multi-site clinical study . We plan to extend
the Phase II study to a Phase III pivotal study by adding sites in Taiwan, USA, and China in 2024. 

II. Co-development
 Agreement with Rgene 

On May 26, 2017, American BriVision
Corporation entered into a co-development agreement (the Co-Dev Agreement with Rgene Corporation (the Rgene ),
a related party under common control by controlling beneficiary shareholder of YuanGene Corporation and the Company. Pursuant to Co-Dev
Agreement, BriVision and Rgene agreed to co-develop and commercialize ABV-1507 HER2/neu Positive Breast Cancer Combination Therapy, ABV-17
Pancreatic Cancer Combination Therapy and ABV-1527 Ovary Cancer Combination Therapy. Under the terms of the Co-Dev Agreement, Rgene is
required to pay the Company 3,000,000 in cash or stock of Rgene with equivalent value by August 15, 2017. The payment is for the compensation
of BriVision s past research efforts and contributions made by BriVision before the Co-Dev Agreement was signed and it does not
relate to any future commitments made by BriVision and Rgene in this Co-Dev Agreement. In addition to the 3,000,000, the Company is
entitled to receive 50 of the future net licensing income or net sales profit earned by Rgene, if any, and any development costs shall
be equally shared by both BriVision and Rgene. 

By June 1, 2017, the Company had delivered
all research, technical, data and development data to Rgene. Since both Rgene and the Company are related parties and under common control
by a controlling beneficiary shareholder of YuanGene Corporation and the Company, the Company has recorded the full amount of 3,000,000
in connection with the Co-Dev Agreement as additional paid-in capital during the year ended September 30, 2017. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, the Company received 450,000 in cash. On December 24, 2018, the Company received the remaining balance of 2,550,000
in the form of newly issued shares of Rgene s Common Stock, at the price of NT 50 (approximately equivalent to 1.60 per share),
for an aggregate number of 1,530,000 shares, which accounted for equity method long-term investment as of December 31, 2018. During the
year ended December 31, 2018, the Company has recognized investment loss of 549. On December 31, 2018, the Company determined to fully
write off this investment based on the Company s assessment of the severity and duration of the impairment, and qualitative and
quantitative analysis of the operating performance of the investee, adverse changes in market conditions and the regulatory or economic
environment, changes in operating structure of Rgene, additional funding requirements, and Rgene s ability to remain in business.
All projects that have been initiated will be managed and supported by the Company and Rgene. 

The Company and Rgene signed an amendment
to the Co-Dev Agreement on November 10, 2020, pursuant to which both parties agreed to delete AB-1507 HER2/neu Positive Breast Cancer
Combination Therapy and AB 1527 Ovary Cancer Combination Therapy and add ABV-1519 EGFR Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Combination
Therapy and ABV-1526 Large Intestine / Colon / Rectal Cancer Combination Therapy to the products to be co-developed and commercialized.
Other provisions of the Co-Dev Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

III. Clinical Development
 Service Agreement with Rgene 

On June 10, 2022, the Company expanded
its co-development partnership with Rgene. BioKey entered into a Clinical Development Service Agreement with Rgene Service Agreement to guide certain Rgene drug products, RGC-1501 for the treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), RGC-1502 for the treatment of
pancreatic cancer and RGC 1503 for the treatment of colorectal cancer patients, through completion of Phase II clinical studies under
U.S. FDA IND regulatory requirements (the Rgene Studies ). 

Under the terms of the Service Agreement,
BioKey is eligible to receive payments totaling up to 3.0 million over a 3-year period with each payment amount to be determined by
certain regulatory milestones obtained during the agreement period. Through a series of transactions over the past 5 years, the Company
and Rgene have co-developed the three drug products covered by the Service Agreement, which has resulted in the Company owning 31.62 
of Rgene. 

As part of the Rgene Studies, the
Company agreed to loan 1.0 million to Rgene, for which Rgene has provided the Company with a 5 working capital convertible loan (the
 Note ). If the Note is fully converted, the Company will own an additional 6.4 of Rgene. The Company is expected to receive
the outstanding loan from the related party by the 2023 Q1, either by cash or conversion of shares of Rgene. The Company may convert
the Note at any time into shares of Rgene s common stock at either (i) a fixed conversion price equal to 1.00 per share or (ii)
20 discount of the stock price of the then most recent offering, whichever is lower; the conversion price is subject to adjustment as
set forth in the Note. The Service Agreement shall remain in effect until the expiration date of the last patent and automatically renew
for 5 more years unless terminated earlier by either party with six months written notice. Either party may terminate the Service Agreement
for cause by providing 30 days written notice. 

9 

Rgene has further agreed, effective
July 1, 2022, to provide the Company with a seat on Rgene s Board of Directors until the loan is repaid in full. The Company has
nominated Dr. Jiang, its Chief Strategy Officer and Director to occupy that seat; Dr. Jiang is also one of the Company s largest
shareholders, owning 12.8 of the Company. For more information about the Service Agreement and Note, please refer to the current reports
on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022. 

BLEX 404, a new drug under clinical
development covered by the Service Agreement, is extracted from Maitake mushroom (Grifola frondosa), an edible mushroom. Its immunological
effects and the safety have been demonstrated in two Phase I/II clinical studies performed at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
(MSKCC) with breast cancer and myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) patients. 

Market Distribution Strategy 

We focus primarily on developing botanical drugs,
which are intended for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation or treatment of disease in humans. Together with our strategic partners,
we plan to market, distribute and sell our drug products internationally once those drug candidates comply with the local authorities
regulating drugs and foods. Currently, many countries follow the International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for
Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (the ICH guidelines that are published by European Medicines to provide
guidance on quality and safety of pharmaceutical development and new drug commercialization in Japan, the United States and Europe. All
of our drug candidates first go through the United States FDA process for new drug development first and then seek regulatory approval
from regulators equivalent to the FDA in the jurisdictions where we plan to distribute those candidates. 

Intellectual Property 

The new drug
candidates are dependent on or are the subject of the following patents and patent applications. 

No. 
 
 Status 
 
 Patent
 No. 
 
 Patent
 
 Starting 
 Date 
 
 Patent
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Patent
 Name 
 
 Territory 
 
 Patent 
 Owner (1)(2) 
 
 1 
 
 granted 
 
 6911222 
 
 6/28/2005 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract, Part 1 
 
 The U.S. 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 2 
 
 granted 
 
 7175861 
 
 2/13/2007 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract, Part 2 
 
 The U.S. 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 3 
 
 granted 
 
 7179496 
 
 2/20/2007 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract, Part 3 
 
 The U.S. 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 4 
 
 granted 
 
 7223425 
 
 5/29/2007 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract, Part 4 
 
 The U.S. 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 5 
 
 granted 
 
 0001337647 
 
 1/31/2007 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract 
 
 Italy 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 6 
 
 granted 
 
 CH693499 
 
 9/15/2003 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 7 
 
 granted 
 
 10220149 
 
 4/26/2007 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract 
 
 Germany 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 8 
 
 granted 
 
 GB2383951 
 
 6/7/2006 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 9 
 
 granted 
 
 4109907 
 
 6/6/2002 
 
 6/5/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract 
 
 Japan 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 10 
 
 granted 
 
 FR2834643 
 
 7/18/2003 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract 
 
 France 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 11 
 
 granted 
 
 I295576 
 
 4/11/2008 
 
 1/10/2022 
 
 Anti-depression Pharmaceutical
 Composition Containing Polygala Extract 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 12 
 
 granted 
 
 DE202007003503
 U1 
 
 8/23/2007 
 
 9/20/2026 
 
 Novel Polygalatenosides
 and use thereof as an antidepressant agent 
 
 Germany 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 13 
 
 granted 
 
 7531519 
 
 5/12/2009 
 
 9/20/2026 
 
 Novel Polygalatenosides
 and use thereof as an antidepressant agent 
 
 The U.S. 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 14 
 
 granted 
 
 4620652 
 
 11/20/2006 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Novel Polygalatenosides
 and use thereof as an antidepressant agent 
 
 Japan 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 15 
 
 granted 
 
 I 314453 
 
 9/21/2006 
 
 9/20/2026 
 
 Novel Polygalatenosides
 and use thereof as an antidepressant agent 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 MPITDC 
 
 16 
 
 granted 
 
 I389713 
 
 3/21/2013 
 
 10/13/2030 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute (3) 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 NHRI 
 
 17 
 
 granted 
 
 US 8197849 B2 
 
 6/12/2012 
 
 8/30/2030 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute 
 
 The U.S. 
 
 NHRI 

10 

18 
 
 granted 
 
 AU 2011/215775
 B2 
 
 4/17/2014 
 
 2/9/2031 
 
 Cross-linked
 oxidized hyaluronic acid for use as a vitreous substitute 
 
 Australia 
 
 NHRI 
 
 19 
 
 granted 
 
 KR 10-1428898 
 
 8/4/2014 
 
 2/9/2031 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute 
 
 Korea 
 
 NHRI 
 
 20 
 
 granted 
 
 CA 2786911 (C) 
 
 10/6/2015 
 
 2/10/2031 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute 
 
 Canada 
 
 NHRI 
 
 21 
 
 granted 
 
 WO2011100469 A1 
 
 N/A (4) 
 
 N/A (4) 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute 
 
 PCT 
 
 NHRI 
 
 22 
 
 granted 
 
 EP 2534200 
 
 4/8/2015 
 
 2/9/2031 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute 
 
 European Union (Germany,
 United Kingdom, France, Switzerland, Spain, Italy) 
 
 NHRI 
 
 23 
 
 granted 

5885349 
 
 2/9/2011 
 
 2/9/2031 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute 
 
 Japan 
 
 NHRI 
 
 24 
 
 granted 
 
 ZL 201180005494.7 
 
 12/24/2014 
 
 2/9/2031 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute (3) 
 
 China 
 
 NHRI 
 
 25 
 
 granted 
 
 HK1178188 
 
 3/6/2015 
 
 6/21/2030 
 
 Cross-linked oxidized hyaluronic
 acid for use as a vitreous substitute (3) 
 
 Hong Kong (5) 
 
 NHRI 
 
 26 
 
 applied 
 
 US 16/936,032 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 9/4/2040 
 
 Polygala extract for the
 treatment of major depressive disorder 
 
 US 
 
 ABVC 
 
 27 
 
 applied 
 
 TW 109130285 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 9/4/2040 
 
 Polygala extract for the
 treatment of major depressive disorder 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 ABVC 
 
 28 
 
 applied 
 
 US17/120,965 
 
 12/20/2020 
 
 12/20/2040 
 
 Polygala Extract for the
 Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder 
 
 U.S. 
 
 ABVC 
 
 29 
 
 applied 
 
 TW 110106546 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 2/24/2041 
 
 Polygala Extract for the
 Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 ABVC 

(1) 
 MPITDC stands
 for Medical and Pharmaceutical Industry Technology and Development Center, Taiwan. 

(2) 
 NHRI stands
 for National Health Research Institutes, Taiwan. 

(3) 
 The patent name is translated
 into English and the original patent name is written as . 

(4) 
 The starting date and expiration
 date of patents under PTC are subject to the laws of the specific participating jurisdiction where the patent application is filed.
 We have subsequently submitted such patent to the jurisdictions listed in No.22 herein above. 

(5) 
 NHRI has obtained standard
 patent in Hong Kong based on the registration of the patent (listed as No.24 herein) granted by the State Intellectual Property Office,
 People s Republic of China. 

11 

Corporate History and Structure 

ABVC was incorporated under the laws of the State
of Nevada on February 6, 2002 and has three wholly-owned Subsidiaries: BriVision, BioLite Holding, Inc. and BioKey, Inc. BriVision was
incorporated in July 2015 in the State of Delaware and is in the business of developing pharmaceutical products in North America. 

BioLite Holding was incorporated under the laws
of the State of Nevada on July 27, 2016, with 500,000,000 shares authorized, par value 0.0001. Its key Subsidiaries include BioLite
BVI, Inc. BioLite BVI that was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on September 13, 2016 and BioLite Inc. BioLite
Taiwan ), a Taiwanese corporation that was founded in February 2006. BioLite Taiwan has been in the business of developing new
drugs for over twelve years. Certain shareholders of BioLite Taiwan exchanged approximately 73 of equity securities in BioLite Taiwan
for the Common Stock in BioLite Holding in accordance with a share purchase/ exchange agreement (the Share Purchase/ Exchange
Agreement ). As a result, BioLite Holding owns via BioLite BVI approximately 73 of BioLite Taiwan. The other shareholders who
did not enter this Share Purchase/ Exchange Agreement retain their equity ownership in BioLite Taiwan. 

Incorporated in California on November 20, 2000,
BioKey has chosen to initially focus on developing generic drugs to ride the opportunity of the booming industry. 

Upon closing of the Mergers on February 8, 2019,
BioLite and BioKey became two wholly-owned subsidiaries of ABVC. 

The following
chart illustrates the corporate structure of ABVC: 

Effective March 5, 2022, the Company s
Board for Directors approved amending the Company s Bylaws to remove Section 2.8, which permitted cumulative voting for directors
since cumulative voting is specifically prohibited by our Articles of Incorporation. Since it is not otherwise stated in our Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the election, as provided in the Nevada Revised
Statutes. 

Competition 

The healthcare industry is highly competitive
and subject to significant and rapid technological change as researchers learn more about diseases and develop new technologies and treatments.
Significant competitive factors in our industry include product efficacy and safety; quality and breadth of an organization s technology;
skill of an organization s employees and its ability to recruit and retain key employees; timing and scope of regulatory approvals;
the average selling price of products; the availability of raw materials and qualified manufacturing capacity; manufacturing costs; intellectual
property and patent rights and their protection; and our capabilities of securing competent collaborators. Market acceptance of our current
products and product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: (i) potential advantages over existing or alternative
therapies or tests, (ii) the actual or perceived safety of similar classes of products, (iii) the effectiveness of sales, marketing,
and distribution capabilities, and (iv) the scope of any approval provided by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. 

Since we are a small biopharmaceutical company
compared to other companies that we may compete against, it is our intention to license our products to much larger pharmaceutical, specialty
pharmaceutical and generic drug companies with the financial, technical and human resources to compete effectively in the markets we
address. 

We anticipate that our license partners will
face intense and increasing competition when and as our new drug candidates enter the markets, as advanced technologies become available
and as generic forms of currently branded products become available. Finally, the development of new treatment methods for the diseases
we are targeting could render our products non-competitive or obsolete. There can be no assurance that any of our new drug candidates
will be clinically superior or scientifically preferable to products developed or introduced by our competitors. 

12 

The following chart lists some, not all, of the
biopharmaceutical companies that research, develop, commercialize, distribute or sell drugs that are in competition with our drug candidates. 

Disease 
 
 Drug
 Name 
 
 Pharmaceutical
 
 Companies 
 
 Headquarters 
 
 Major Depressive Disorder 
 
 Cymbalta oral 
 
 Eli Lilly and Co., Inc. 
 
 IN 

Lexapro oral 
 
 Forest Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 NJ 

Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 CT 

Attention-Deficit 
 
 Adderall XR 
 
 Shire Development LLC 
 
 MA 

Hyperactivity Disease 
 
 Ritalin 
 
 Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 
 
 NJ 

Dexedrine 
 
 Amedra Pharmaceuticals LLC 
 
 PA 

Myelodysplastic 
 
 Vidaza 
 
 Celgene Corporation 
 
 NJ 

Syndromes 
 
 Dacogen 
 
 Astex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 CA 

Triple Negative Breast Cancer 
 
 Avastin 
 
 Genentech, Inc. 
 
 CA 

Erbitux (Cetuximab) 
 
 ImClone Systems Incorporated 
 
 NY 

Pancreatic Cancer 
 
 Abraxane, Abraxis BioScience LLC 
 
 Los Angeles 
 
 CA 

Novartis Pharma Stein AG 
 
 Stein 
 
 Switzerland 

Vitargus for the treatments 
 
 Alcon Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Fort Worth 
 
 TX 
 
 of Retinal Detachment or 
 Vitreous Hemorrhage 
 
 Arcadophta 
 
 Toulouse 
 
 France 

Government Regulations 

Currently, we are focusing on the research and
development of six therapeutic candidates in the fields of CNS, oncology/hematology and autoimmune, for which regulatory approval must
be received before we can commence marketing. In addition, our cGMP facility is subject to review by the FDA. Regulatory approval processes
and FDA regulations for ABVC s current and any future product candidates are discussed below. 

Approval Process for Pharmaceutical Products 

FDA Approval Process for Pharmaceutical Products 

In the U.S., pharmaceutical products are subject
to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDC Act ), and other federal and state
statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval,
labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical
products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions,
such as FDA refusal to approve pending NDAs, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production
or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution. Pharmaceutical product development in the U.S. typically
involves the performance of satisfactory nonclinical, also referred to as pre-clinical, laboratory and animal studies under the FDA s
Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, regulation, the development and demonstration of manufacturing processes, which conform to FDA mandated
current good manufacturing requirements, or cGMPs, including a quality system regulating manufacturing, the submission and acceptance
of an IND application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin in the U.S., obtaining the approval of Institutional
Review Boards, or IRBs, at each site where we plan to conduct a clinical trial to protect the welfare and rights of human subjects in
clinical trials, adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication
for which FDA approval is sought, and the submission to the FDA for review and approval of an NDA. Satisfaction of FDA requirements typically
takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product or disease. 

Pre-clinical tests generally include laboratory
evaluation of a product candidate, its chemistry, formulation, stability and toxicity, as well as certain animal studies to assess its
potential safety and efficacy. Results of these pre-clinical tests, together with chemistry, manufacturing controls and analytical data
and the clinical trial protocol, which details the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness
criteria to be evaluated, along with other requirements must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND, which must become effective before
human clinical trials can begin. The entire clinical trial and its protocol must be in compliance with what are referred to as good clinical
practice, or GCP, requirements. The term, GCP, is used to refer to various FDA laws and regulations, as well as international scientific
standards intended to protect the rights, health and safety of patients, define the roles of clinical trial sponsors and assure the integrity
of clinical trial data. 

13 

An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days
after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises concerns or questions about the intended conduct of the
trials and imposes what is referred to as a clinical hold. Pre-clinical studies generally take several years to complete, and there is
no guarantee that an IND based on those studies will become effective, allowing clinical testing to begin. In addition to FDA review
of an IND, each medical site that desires to participate in a proposed clinical trial must have the protocol reviewed and approved by
an independent IRB or Ethics Committee, or EC. The IRB considers, among other things, ethical factors, and the selection and safety of
human subjects. Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s GCP requirements. The FDA and/or IRB may order the
temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial or that a specific clinical trial site be halted at any time, or impose
other sanctions for failure to comply with requirements under the appropriate entity jurisdiction. 

Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing
approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. 

In Phase I clinical trials, a product candidate
is typically introduced either into healthy human subjects or patients with the medical condition for which the new drug is intended
to be used. The main purpose of the trial is to assess a product candidate s safety and the ability of the human body to tolerate
the product candidate. Phase I clinical trials generally include less than 50 subjects or patients. 

During Phase 2 trials, a product candidate is
studied in an exploratory trial or trials in a limited number of patients with the disease or medical condition for which it is intended
to be used in order to: (i) further identify any possible adverse side effects and safety risks, (ii) assess the preliminary or potential
efficacy of the product candidate for specific target diseases or medical conditions, and (iii) assess dosage tolerance and determine
the optimal dose for Phase III trials. 

Phase III trials are generally undertaken to
demonstrate clinical efficacy and to further test for safety in an expanded patient population with the goal of evaluating the overall
risk-benefit relationship of the product candidate. Phase III trials are generally designed to reach a specific goal or endpoint, the
achievement of which is intended to demonstrate the candidate product s clinical efficacy and adequate information for labeling
of the approved drug. 

The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA
to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the FDA s threshold determination that it is sufficiently
complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed
to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs. Most applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within ten months;
most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed within six months. Priority review can be applied to drugs that the FDA determines
offer major advances in treatment, or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. The review process for both standard and
priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information
intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug
products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee typically a panel that includes
clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation, and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved.
The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. Before approving
an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the
facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with cGMPs is satisfactory
and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 

After the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing
facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies
in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If
and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval
letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. An
approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition
of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug
outweigh the potential risks. 

REMS can include medication guides, communication
plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training
or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient
registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval
may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product
approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 

Post-Approval Regulations 

Even if a product candidate receives regulatory
approval, the approval is typically limited to specific clinical indications. Further, even after regulatory approval is obtained, subsequent
discovery of previously unknown problems with a product may result in restrictions on its use or even complete withdrawal of the product
from the market. Any FDA-approved products manufactured or distributed by us are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including
record-keeping requirements and reporting of adverse events or experiences. Further, drug manufacturers and their subcontractors are
required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and state
agencies for compliance with cGMPs, which impose rigorous procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our contract manufacturers.
ABVC cannot be certain that ABVC or its present or future contract manufacturers or suppliers will be able to comply with cGMPs regulations
and other FDA regulatory requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in, among other things, total or partial
suspension of production activities, failure of the FDA to grant approval for marketing, and withdrawal, suspension, or revocation of
marketing approvals. 

14 

If the FDA approves one or more of our product
candidates, ABVC must provide certain updated safety and efficacy information. Product changes, as well as certain changes in the manufacturing
process or facilities where the manufacturing occurs or other post-approval changes may necessitate additional FDA review and approval.
The labeling, advertising, promotion, marketing and distribution of a drug must be in compliance with FDA and Federal Trade Commission,
or FTC, requirements which include, among others, standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion,
industry sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the Internet. The FDA and FTC have very
broad enforcement authority, and failure to abide by these regulations can result in penalties, including the issuance of a warning letter
directing us to correct deviations from regulatory standards and enforcement actions that can include seizures, fines, injunctions and
criminal prosecution. 

Foreign Regulatory Approval 

Outside of the U.S., ABVC s ability to
market our product candidates will be contingent also upon its receiving marketing authorizations from the appropriate foreign regulatory
authorities, whether or not FDA approval has been obtained. The foreign regulatory approval process in most industrialized countries
generally encompasses risks similar to those ABVC will encounter in the FDA approval process. The requirements governing conduct of clinical
trials and marketing authorizations, and the time required to obtain requisite approvals, may vary widely from country to country and
differ from those required for FDA approval. 

ABVC will be subject to additional regulations
in other countries in which we market, sell and import our products, including Canada. ABVC or its distributors must receive all necessary
approvals or clearance prior to marketing and/or importing our products in those markets. 

Other Regulatory Matters 

Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities
following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the
U.S., the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Drug Enforcement
Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration,
the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments. In the U.S., sales, marketing and scientific/educational programs
must also comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements
of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the Health Care Reform Law, as amended by the Health
Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply
Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. The handling of any controlled substances must
comply with the U.S. Controlled Substances Act and Controlled Substances Import and Export Act. Products must meet applicable child-resistant
packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities are also
potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is
subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive recordkeeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended
to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 

The failure to comply with regulatory requirements
subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements
can result in criminal prosecution, fines, imprisonment or other penalties, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial
suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including
government contracts. In addition, even if a firm complies with FDA and other requirements, new information regarding the safety or effectiveness
of a product could lead the FDA to modify or withdraw product approval. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future
products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way. 

Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation
of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements;
(ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping
requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we, including the subsidiaries, have 23 employees, 19 of which are full-time, located
in the U.S. and Taiwan. 

15 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our securities includes a high
degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should consider carefully the specific factors discussed
below, together with all of the other information contained in this report. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. This could cause the
market price of our Common Stock to decline and could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to the Company s Business 

Unfavorable global economic conditions,
including as a result of health and safety concerns, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results of operations could be adversely
affected by general conditions in the global economy, including conditions that are outside of our control, such as the impact of health
and safety concerns from the current outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus COVID-19 ). The spread of the COVID-19, which
was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, has caused different countries and cities to mandate curfews,
including shelter-in-place and closures of most non-essential businesses as well as other measures to mitigate the spread
of the virus. 

The
negative impact of COVID-19 on our operations is ongoing and the extent of which remains uncertain and potentially wide-spread, including: 

our
 ability to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy during these uncertain times; 

our ability to recruit the necessary number of patients
 to complete future clinical trials; 

supply chain disruptions
 in projects ABV-1504, ABV-1505 and ABV-1601, resulting from reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, and scrutiny or embargoing
 of goods produced in infected areas; 

our ability to perform
 on-site due-diligence for project ABV-1505 (MDD Phase II completed new drug candidate) and ABV-1701 (Vitargus FIH completed medical
 device) with our potential partners/collaborators in US, Mainland China, and Japan; 

our ability to access capital
 sources, as well as the ability of our key customers, suppliers, and vendors to do the same in regard to their own obligations; and 

diversion of management
 and employee attention and resources from key business activities and risk management outside of COVID-19 response efforts, including
 maintenance of internal controls. 

The COVID-19 pandemic remains highly volatile
and continues to evolve on a daily basis and therefore, despite our efforts and developments to combat the virus, there can be no assurance
that these measures will prove successful. The extent to which COVID-19 continues to impact the Company s business, sales, and
results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

The Company is a development stage biopharmaceutical
company and is thus subject to the risks associated with new businesses in that industry. 

The Company acquired the sole licensing rights
to develop and commercialize for therapeutic purposes six compounds from BioLite and the right to co-develop with BioFirst a medical
device (collectively the ABVC Pipeline Products ). As such, the Company is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with
operations that generate unsubstantial revenues. The Company is establishing and implementing many important functions necessary to operate
a business, including the clinical research and development of the ABVC Pipeline Products, further establishment of the Company s
managerial and administrative structure, accounting systems and internal financial controls 

16 

BioLite and BioKey are expected to continue to
have limited revenue and remain unprofitable for an indefinite period of time. 

Accordingly, you should consider the Company s
prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties that a pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history and revenue faces. In
particular, potential investors should consider that there are significant risks that the Company will not be able to: 

implement
 or execute its current business plan, or generate profits; 

attract
 and maintain a skillful management team; 

raise
 sufficient funds in the capital markets or otherwise to effectuate its business plan; 

determine
 that the processes and technologies that it has developed are commercially viable; and/or 

enter
 into contracts with commercial partners, such as licensors and suppliers. 

If any of the above risks occurs, the Company s
business may fail, in which case you may lose the entire amount of your investment in the Company. The Company cannot assure that any
of its efforts in business operations will be successful or result in the timely development of new products, or ultimately produce any
material revenue and profits. 

As a pre-profit biopharmaceutical company, the
Company needs to transition from a company with a research and development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities.
The Company may not be able to reach such transition point or make such a transition, which would have affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If the Company fails to raise additional
capital, its ability to implement its business model and strategy could be compromised. 

The Company has limited capital resources and
operations. The CDMO services provided by BioKey generates a limited amount of revenue that can only partially support the operations
of the Company. To date, the Company s operations have been funded partially from the proceeds from financings or loans from
its shareholders. From time to time, we may seek additional financing to provide the capital required to expand research and development R D initiatives and/or working capital, as well as to repay outstanding loans if cash flow from operations is insufficient
to do so. We cannot predict with certainty the timing or amount of any such capital requirements. 

If the Company does not raise sufficient capital
to fund its ongoing development activities, it is likely that it will be unable to carry out its business plans, including R D development
and expansion of production facilities. Currently, the Company has had to put several projects on hold due to a lack of funding. Even
if the Company obtains financing for near term operations and product development, the Company may require additional capital beyond the
near term. Furthermore, additional capital may not be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms, if at all, and our ability
to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to
and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. If
the Company is unable to raise capital when needed, its business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely
affected, and it could be forced to reduce or discontinue our operations. 

The Company has no history in obtaining
regulatory approval for, or commercializing, any new drug candidate. 

With
limited operating history, the Company has never obtained regulatory approval for, or commercialized, any new drug candidate. 
 It is possible that the FDA may refuse to accept our planned New Drug Application
(or NDA for any of the six drug products for substantive review or may conclude after review of our data that our application
is insufficient to obtain regulatory approval of the new drug candidates or the medical device. Although our CDMO strategic business
department has experience in obtaining abbreviated new drug application (or ANDA approvals, the processes and timelines
of obtaining an NDA approval and ANDA approval can differentiate substantially. If the FDA does not accept or approve our planned NDA
for our product candidates, it may require that we conduct additional clinical, preclinical or manufacturing validation studies, which
may be costly. Depending on the FDA required studies, approval of any NDA or application that we submit may be significantly delayed,
possibly for several years, or may require us to expend more resources than we have. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain,
regulatory approvals of any of our drug candidate will prevent us from sublicensing such product. It is also possible that additional
studies, if performed and completed, may not be considered sufficient by the FDA. If any of these outcomes occurs, we may be forced to
abandon our planned NDA for such drug candidate, which materially adversely affects our business and could potentially cause us to cease
operations. We face similar regulatory risks in a foreign jurisdiction. 

17 

Our growth is dependent on our ability
to successfully develop, acquire or license new drugs. 

Our growth is supported by continuous investment
in time, resources and capital to identify and develop new products or new formulations for the market and market penetration. If we
are unable to either develop new products on our own or acquire licenses for new products from other parties, our ability to grow revenues
and market share will be adversely affected. In addition, we may not be able to recover our investment in the development of new
drugs and medical devices, given that projects may be interrupted, unsuccessful, not as profitable as initially contemplated or we may
not be able to obtain necessary financing for such development. Similarly, there is no assurance that we can successfully secure such
rights from third parties on an economically feasible basis. 

Our current products have certain side
effects. If the side effects associated with our current or future products are not identified prior to their marketing and sale, we
may be required to withdraw such products from the market, perform lengthy additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products,
any of which could adversely impact our growth. 

The
Company researches and develops the following seven drug products and one medical device: ABV-1501, ABV-1504, ABV-1505, ABV-1519, ABV-1702,
ABV-1601 and ABV-1703. Each of these seven products may cause serious adverse effects to their users. For example, the API of ABV-1501,
ABV-1702 and ABV-1703 is Maitake mushroom extract. Side effects, or adverse events, associated with Maitake mushroom extract include
blood bilirubin increase, lymphocyte count decrease, neutrophil count decrease, platelet count decrease, white blood cell decrease, headache,
and hyperglycemia. Serious adverse events (collectively, the SAE associated with this compound include leukocytosis, platelet
count decrease, eye disorders, abdominal pain, gastrointestinal disorders, aphonia, lung infection, muscle weakness right-sided, confusion,
edema cerebral, stroke, dyspnea, wheezing, and pruritus. 

ABV-1504 and ABV-1505 have the same API, Radix
Polygala , which is known as Polygala tenuifolia Willd or PDC-1421 Capsule Polygala tenuifolia Willd ). Side effects,
or adverse events, associated with ABV-1504 and ABV-1505, coming from administration of the trial medicine or examination procedure such
as the procedure of taking blood (fainting, pain and/or bruising), may lead to gastrointestinal disorders (abdominal fullness and constipation),
nervous system disorders (drowsiness, sleepiness, and oral ulcer). In addition, long-term use may cause miscarriages. 

The safety and preliminary efficacy findings
from this study, combined with the unique properties of ABV-1701, are supportive of further investigation for its use following vitrectomy
surgery in patients requiring vitreous replacement. However, new serious side effects of ABV-1701 may be uncovered as the clinical trials
continue. 

The occurrence of any of those adverse events
would harm our future sales of these medicines and substantially increase the costs and expenses of marketing these medicines, which
in turn could cause our revenues and net income to decline. In addition, the reputation and sales of our future medicines could
be adversely affected due to the severe side effects discovered. 

We may be subject to product liability
claims in the future, which could divert our resources, cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit commercialization of any
products that we may develop. 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure
to product liability claims in the event that the uses of our products are alleged to have caused adverse side effects. Side effects
or marketing or manufacturing problems pertaining to any of our products could result in product liability claims or adverse publicity. These
risks will exist for those products in clinical development and with respect to those products that receive regulatory approval for commercial
sale. Furthermore, although we have not historically experienced any problems associated with claims by users of our products, we
do not currently maintain product liability insurance and there could be no assurance that we are able to acquire product liability
insurance with terms that are commercially feasible. 

18 

We face an inherent risk of product liability
claims as a result of the clinical testing of our products and potentially commercially selling any products that we may develop. For
example, we may be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing,
manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design,
a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted
under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial
liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidate. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability
claims may result in: 

decreased demand for our product candidates or products
 that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media
 attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

significant costs to defend resulting litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or
 patients; 

loss of revenue; 

reduced resources of our management to pursue our business
 strategy; and 

the inability to commercialize any products that we
 may develop. 

We currently have insurance policies to cover
liabilities under the clinic trials but do not maintain general liability insurance; and even if we have a general liability insurance
in the future, this insurance may not fully cover potential liabilities that we may incur. The cost of any product liability litigation
or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. We would need to increase our insurance coverage if and when
we begin selling any product candidate that receives marketing approval. In addition, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive.
If we are unable to obtain or maintain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential
product liability claims, it could prevent or inhibit the development and commercial production and sale of our product candidate, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We have conducted, and may in the future
conduct, clinical trials for certain of our product candidates at sites outside the United States, and the FDA may not accept data from
trials conducted in such locations. 

We have conducted and may in the future choose
to conduct one or more of our clinical trials outside the United States. Although the FDA may accept data from clinical trials conducted
outside the United States, acceptance of this data is subject to certain conditions imposed by the FDA. For example, the clinical trial
must be well designed and conducted and performed by qualified investigators in accordance with ethical principles. The trial population
must also adequately represent the U.S. population, and the data must be applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice
in ways that the FDA deems clinically meaningful. In addition, while these clinical trials are subject to the applicable local laws,
FDA acceptance of the data will be dependent upon its determination that the trials also complied with all applicable U.S. laws and regulations.
There can be no assurance that the FDA will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States. If the FDA does not accept
the data from any of our clinical trials that we determine to conduct outside the United States, it would likely result in the need for
additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay or permanently halt our development of the product candidate. 

In addition, the conduct of clinical trials outside
the United States could have a significant impact on us. Risks inherent in conducting international clinical trials include: 

foreign regulatory requirements that could restrict
 or limit our ability to conduct our clinical trials; 

administrative burdens of conducting clinical trials
 under multiple foreign regulatory schema; 

foreign exchange fluctuations; and 

diminished protection of intellectual property in some
 countries. 

19 

If clinical trials of our product candidates
fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulators, we may incur additional costs
or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

We are not permitted to commercialize, market,
promote or sell any product candidate in the United States without obtaining marketing approval from the FDA. Comparable non-U.S. regulatory
authorities impose similar restrictions. We may never receive such approvals. We must complete extensive preclinical development and
clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidate in humans before we will be able to obtain these approvals. 

Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design
and implement, can take many years to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. Any inability to successfully complete preclinical
and clinical development could result in additional costs to us and impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales, regulatory
and commercialization milestones and royalties. In addition, if (1) we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing
of our product candidate beyond the trials and testing that we contemplate, (2) we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials
of our product candidate or other testing, (3) the results of these trials or tests are unfavorable, uncertain or are only modestly favorable,
or (4) there are unacceptable safety concerns associated with our product candidate, we, in addition to incurring additional costs, may: 

be delayed in obtaining
 marketing approval for our product candidates; 

not obtain marketing approval
 at all; 

obtain approval for indications
 or patient populations that are not as broad as we intended or desired; 

obtain approval with labeling
 that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or significant safety warnings, including boxed warnings; 

be subject to additional
 post-marketing testing or other requirements; or 

be required to remove the
 product from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Even if any of our product candidates receives
marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and others in
the medical community necessary for commercial success and the market opportunity for the product candidate may be smaller than we estimate. 

We
have never completed a new drug or new medical device FDA application process from Phase I to FDA approval and commercialization. Even
if our products are approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities for marketing and sale, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient
market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and others in the medical community. For example, physicians are often
reluctant to switch their patients from existing therapies even when new and potentially more effective or convenient treatments enter
the market. Further, patients often acclimate to the therapy that they are currently taking and do not want to switch unless their physicians
recommend switching products or they are required to switch therapies due to lack of reimbursement for existing therapies. 

The potential market opportunities for our products
are difficult to estimate precisely. Our estimates of the potential market opportunities are predicated on many assumptions, including
industry knowledge and publications, third party research reports and other surveys. While we believe that our internal assumptions are
reasonable, these assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment on the part of our management, are inherently uncertain and
the reasonableness of these assumptions has not been assessed by an independent source. If any of the assumptions proves to be inaccurate,
the actual markets for our products could be smaller than our estimates of the potential market opportunities. 

We may seek to enter into collaborations
with third parties for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. If we fail to enter into such collaborations,
or such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of our product candidates. 

We may seek third-party collaborators for development
and commercialization of our products. Our likely collaborators for any marketing, distribution, development, licensing or broader collaboration
arrangements include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, regional and national pharmaceutical companies, non-profit organizations,
government agencies, and biotechnology companies. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities
to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. 

Collaborations involving our products will pose
the following risks to us: 

collaborators may have
 significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

collaborators may not pursue
 development and commercialization of our product candidate or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization
 programs based on preclinical or clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding,
 or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay
 clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate,
 repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

20 

collaborators could independently
 develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidate if the collaborators
 believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more
 economically attractive than ours; 

collaborators with marketing
 and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product
 or products; 

collaborators may not properly
 maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation
 that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

collaborators may infringe
 the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 

disputes may arise between
 the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our product
 candidate or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; and 

collaborations may be terminated
 and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable
 product candidates. 

Collaborative agreements may not lead to development
or commercialization of our product candidate in the most efficient manner or at all. If a collaborator of ours were to be involved in
a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program could be delayed,
diminished or terminated. 

ABVC, through BioLite, may not be able
to receive the full amounts available under the collaboration agreement by and between BioLite, Inc. and BioHopeKing, which could increase
its burden to seek additional capital to fund the business operations. 

In February and December 2015, BioLite, Inc.,
a subsidiary of BioLite, entered into a total of three collaboration agreements with BioHopeKing to jointly develop ABV-1501 for TNBC
(or BLI-1401-2 as used by BioLite internally) and ABV-1504 for MDD (or BLI-1005 as used by BioLite internally) in most Asian countries
and BLI-1006, which has been later replaced with BLI-1008 for ADHD in Asia, excluding Japan. ABVC and BioLite are co-developing ABV-1501
for TNBC and ABV-1504 for MDD pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement and its Addendum entered by and between BriVision and BioLite Taiwan
where ABVC and BriVision are responsible for the clinical trials of such two new drug candidates. In accordance with the terms of the
BioHopeKing Collaboration Agreement for ABV-1501 or BLI-1401-2 and the Addendum thereto, BioLite shall receive payments of a total of
 10 million in cash and equity of BioHopeKing or equity securities owned by it at various stages on a schedule dictated by BioLite s
achievements of certain milestones and twelve per cent (12 of net sales of the drug products when ABV-1501 or BLI-1401-2 is approved
for sale in the licensed territories. If BioLite fails to reach any of the milestones in a timely manner, it may not receive the rest
of the payments from BioHopeKing. As a result of BioLite s potential inability to receive the full payments under those collaboration
agreements with BioHopeKing, ABVC may have to seek other sources of financing to fund its operation activities. 

21 

ABVC and its Subsidiaries may not be successful
in establishing and maintaining additional strategic partnerships, which could adversely affect ABVC s ability to develop and commercialize
products, negatively impacting its operating results. 

In addition to ABVC s current collaboration
with BioHopeKing for selected Asian markets, a part of its strategy is to evaluate and, as deemed appropriate, enter into additional
partnerships in the future with major biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. ABVC s products may prove to be difficult to effectively
license out as planned. Various regulatory, commercial and manufacturing factors may impact ABVC s ability to seek co-developers
of or grow revenues from licensing out any of the seven products in the pipeline, none of which has been fully licensed out. Specifically,
ABVC may encounter difficulty by virtue of: 

its inability to effectively
 identify and align with commercial partners in the U.S. to collaborate the development of ABV-1504 for the treatment of Major Depressive
 Disorder, ABV-1505 to treat Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disease, ABV-1501 for the treatment of Triple Negative Breast Cancer,
 ABV-1519 to treat of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, ABV-1703 to the treatment of Pancreatic Cancer, ABV-1601 to treat Depression in
 Cancer Patients and ABV-1702 to treat Myelodysplastic syndromes and ABV-1701 Vitargus for the treatments of Retinal Detachment or
 Vitreous Hemorrhage; 

its inability to secure
 appropriate contract research organizations CRO s) to conduct data analysis, lab research and FDA communication; and 

its inability to effectively
 continue clinical studies on and secure positive research results of all of our investigational new drugs to attract additional commercial
 collaborators outside the U.S. 

ABVC faces significant competition in seeking
appropriate partners for its therapeutic candidates, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. In order for ABVC to
successfully partner its autoimmune, CNS and hematology therapeutic candidates, as well as Vitargus, its medical device, potential partners
must view these medicinal candidates as economically valuable in markets they determine to be attractive in light of the terms that ABVC
is seeking and compared to other available products for licensing by other companies. Even if ABVC is successful in its efforts to establish
new strategic partnerships, the terms that ABVC agrees upon may not be favorable, and it may not be able to maintain such strategic partnerships
if, for example, development or approval of an autoimmune therapeutic is delayed or sales of an approved product are disappointing. Any
delay in entering into new strategic partnership agreements related to any of ABVC s therapeutic candidates could delay the development
and commercialization of such candidates and reduce its competitiveness even if it reaches the market. 

If ABVC fails to establish and maintain additional
strategic partnerships or collaboration related to its therapeutic candidates that have not been fully licensed, it will bear all of
the risk and costs related to the development of any such drug candidate, and it may need to seek additional financing, hire additional
employees and otherwise develop expertise for which it has not budgeted. This could negatively affect the development of any incompletely
partnered new drug candidates. 

ABVC s licensors may choose to terminate
any of the license agreements with ABVC. As a result, ABVC s research and development of new drug candidates that contain the underlying
API may be terminated abruptly. 

If ABVC s Subsidiary BioLite materially
breaches any license agreements it has with Yukiguni Maitake Co. Yukiguni ), Medical and Pharmaceutical Industry Technology
and Development Center MPITDC or Industrial Technology Research Institute ITRI ), or any of such license
agreement terminates unexpectedly, BioLite may not be able to continue its research and development of the new drug candidate which contains
the underlying API whose license has been terminated. Pursuant to the Yukiguni License Agreement, if BioLite fails to meet the milestone
sales requirement or submit certain applications to the appropriate health authorities on a schedule prescribed therein, Yukiguni shall
have the right to terminate the Yukiguni License Agreement. If the Yukiguni License Agreement is terminated involuntarily, BioLite will
be forced to discontinue its new drug development of ABV-1703, ABV-1502 and ABV-1501 and terminate the collaboration agreements relating
to the three new drug candidates. The termination of the right to use the underlying API will materially disrupt the operations of ABVC.
Pursuant to the license agreement between BioLite Taiwan and ITRI, if BioLite Taiwan fails to complete the research submission milestones
according to the schedule set forth therein without reasons or with reasons unstatisfied with ITRI, ITRI shall have the right to terminate
the license agreement with BioLite Taiwan without refund to BioLite Taiwan. BioLite Taiwan and BioLite have submitted the IND for PDC-1421
and subsequently conducted Phase II clinical trials of two drug candidiates developed from PDC-1421 according to the schedule listed
in the license agreement between BioLite Taiwan and MPITDC. 

22 

ABVC s Subsidiary BioLite depends
on one supplier for the API of ABV-1703, ABV-1519, ABV-1502 and ABV-1501 and any failure of such supplier to deliver sufficient quantities
of the API that meets its quality standard could have a material adverse effect on its research of these four drug candidates. 

Currently BioLite relies primarily on Yukiguni, a Japanese supplier,
to provide Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404, the API which is contained in ABV-1703, ABV-1519, ABV-1502 and ABV-1501, four of the seven drug
candidates in BioLite s oncology/hematology portfolio. It has entered into the Yukiguni License Agreement, among other things, for
the delivery of Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404. BioLite agrees to fulfill its demand of the Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404 by purchasing first
from Yukiguni respecting the therapeutic products and Yukiguni represents that it will provide sufficient quantities of such API that
meets cGMP standards. If the supplies of Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404 were interrupted for any reason, BioLite s research and development
activities of these four drug candidates could be delayed. These delays could be extensive and expensive, especially in situations where
a substitution is not readily available. 

BioLite is currently negotiating with another
supplier of Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404 that is located in Canada. However, there can be no assurance that the negotiation will be successful.
Failure to obtain adequate supplies of high quality Yukiguni Maitake Extract 404 in a timely manner could have a disruptive effect on
ABVC and BioLite s research and development activities of ABV-1703, ABV-1519, ABV-1502 and ABV-1501, resulting in a material adverse
effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

ABVC may use hazardous chemicals and biological
materials in its business. Any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be time consuming and
costly. 

ABVC s research and development may involve
the controlled use of hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological materials. ABVC cannot eliminate the risk of accidental
contamination or discharge and any resulting injury from these materials. ABVC may be sued for any injury or contamination that results
from its use or the use by third parties of these materials, and its liability may exceed any insurance coverage and its total assets.
Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials
and specified waste products, as well as the discharge of pollutants into the environment and human health and safety matters. Although
ABVC makes its best efforts to comply with environmental laws and regulations despite the associated high costs and inconvenience, ABVC
cannot guarantee that it will not mishandle any hazardous materials in the future. If it fails to comply with these requirements or any
improper handling of hazardous materials occurs, it could incur substantial costs, including civil or criminal fines and penalties, clean-up
costs or capital expenditures for control equipment or operational changes necessary to achieve and maintain compliance. In addition,
ABVC cannot predict the impact on its business of new or amended environmental laws or regulations or any changes in the way existing
and future laws and regulations are interpreted and enforced. 

The facilities where the samples of drug
candidates are manufactured need to be maintained and monitored in compliance with the good manufacturing practice standards, the failure
of such maintenance could contaminate the results of our clinical trials and adversely affect our operations. 

ABVC s Subsidiary BioKey operates a laboratory
facility that is a certified good manufacturing practice facility cGMP and some of its contract clinical trial service
providers use cGMP facilities to conduct clinical studies. ABVC cannot be certain that ABVC or its present or future contract manufacturers
or suppliers will be able to comply with cGMPs regulations and other FDA regulatory requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements
may result in, among other things, total or partial suspension of production activities, failure of the FDA to grant approval for marketing,
and withdrawal, suspension, or revocation of marketing approvals. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

Pharmaceutical patents and patent applications
involve highly complex legal and factual questions, which, if determined adversely to the Company, could negatively impact its respective
licensors patent position and interrupt its research activities. 

The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies
and research institutions can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. The interpretation and breadth of
claims allowed in some patents covering pharmaceutical compositions may be uncertain and difficult to determine, and are often affected
materially by the facts and circumstances that pertain to the patented compositions and the related patent claims. The standards of the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, are sometimes uncertain and could change in the future. Consequently, the issuance and scope
of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. U.S. patents and patent
applications may also be subject to interference proceedings, and U.S. patents may be subject to re-examination proceedings, post-grant
review and/or inter parties review in the USPTO. Foreign patents may be subject to opposition or comparable proceedings in the corresponding
foreign patent office, which could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction in the
scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. In addition, such interference, re-examination, post-grant review,
inter parties review and opposition proceedings may be costly. Accordingly, rights under any issued patents may not provide the Company
with sufficient protection against competitive products or processes. 

In addition, changes in or different interpretations
of patent laws in the U.S. and foreign countries may permit others to use discoveries of the Company or to develop and commercialize
their new drug candidates without providing any compensation thereto, or may limit the number of patents or claims the Company can obtain.
The laws of some countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws and those countries may lack adequate
rules and procedures for defending the intellectual property rights of the Company. 

If the Company fails to obtain and maintain patent
protection and trade secret protection of its respective products, the Company could lose their competitive advantages and competition
it faces would increase, reducing any potential revenues and adversely affecting its ability to attain or maintain profitability. 

23 

Developments in patent law could have a
negative impact on the Company s Licensors patent positions and the Company s business. 

From time to time, the U.S. Supreme Court, other
federal courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may change the standards of patentability and any such changes could have a negative impact
on the Company s business. 

In addition, the Leahy-Smith America Invents
Act, or the America Invents Act, which was signed into law in 2011, includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These
changes include a transition from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system, changes the way issued
patents are challenged, and changes the way patent applications are disputed during the examination process. These changes may favor
larger and more established companies that have greater resources to devote to patent application filing and prosecution. The USPTO has
developed regulations and procedures to govern the full implementation of the America Invents Act, and many of the substantive changes
to patent law associated with the America Invents Act, and, in particular, the first-to-file provisions, became effective on March 16,
2013. Substantive changes to patent law associated with the America Invents Act may affect the Company, BioLite and BioKey s ability
to obtain patents, and if obtained, to enforce or defend them. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the America Invents
Act will ultimately have on the cost of prosecuting the Company s patent applications, its ability to obtain patents based on its
discoveries and its ability to enforce or defend its patents. 

If the Company is unable to protect the
confidentiality of its trade secrets, its business and competitive position would be harmed, respectively. 

In addition to patent protection, because the
Company operates in the highly technical field of discovery and development of therapies, it relies in part on trade secret protection
in order to protect its proprietary technology and processes. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. The Company has entered
into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with its employees, consultants, outside scientific and commercial collaborators,
sponsored researchers, and other advisors. These agreements generally require that the other party keep confidential and not disclose
to third parties any confidential information developed by the party or made known to the party by the Company during the course of the
party s relationship therewith. These agreements also generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of
rendering services to the Company will be ABVC s exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively
assign intellectual property rights to the Company. 

In addition to contractual measures, the Company
tries to protect the confidential nature of its proprietary information using physical and technological security measures. Such measures
may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide
adequate protection for the Company. The Company s security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating
its trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse it takes against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy
to protect the Company s interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret
can be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the U.S. may be less willing
to protect trade secrets. Trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by the
Company. If the Company s confidential or proprietary information, such as the trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated,
or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, its competitive position could be harmed. 

Third parties may assert that the Company s
employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. 

The Company might employ individuals who were
previously employed at universities or other biopharmaceutical companies, including its competitors or potential competitors. Although
through certain non-disclosure covenants and employment agreements with its officers and employees, the Company tries to ensure that
its employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in the work for the Company, the Company may
be subject to claims that it or its employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed
intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. Litigation
may be necessary to defend against these claims. If the Company fails in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages,
the Company may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if the Company is successful in defending against such
claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to the Company s management and other employees. 

ABVC s ability to compete may decline
if it does not adequately protect its proprietary rights or if it is barred by the intellectual property rights of others. 

ABVC s commercial success depends on obtaining
and maintaining proprietary rights to its drug candidates as well as successfully defending these rights against third-party challenges.
ABVC obtains its rights to use and research certain proprietary information to further develop the drug candidates primarily from three
institutions, MPITDC, ITRI and Yukiguni (collectively the Licensors ). These three institutions own the intellectual property
rights in the products that have been licensed to us and may prosecute new patents of the drug candidates that are invented or discovered
within the licensed scope of use under the respective license agreements. ABVC will only be able to protect its new drug candidates from
unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that its valid and enforceable patents, or effectively protected trade secrets and know-how,
cover them. 

24 

ABVC s ability to obtain new patent protection
for its new drug candidates is uncertain due to a number of factors, including that: 

ABVC may not have been
 the first to make the inventions covered by pending patent applications or issued patents; 

ABVC may not have been
 the first to file patent applications for its new drug candidates; 

others may independently
 develop identical, similar or alternative products or compositions and uses thereof; 

ABVC s disclosures
 in patent applications may not be sufficient to meet the statutory requirements for patentability; 

any or all of ABVC s
 pending patent applications may not result in issued patents; 

ABVC may not seek or obtain
 patent protection in countries that may eventually provide a significant business opportunity; 

any patents issued to ABVC
 may not provide a basis for commercially viable products, may not provide any competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged
 by third parties; 

ABVC s methods may
 not be patentable; 

ABVC s licensors
 may successfully challenge that ABVC s new patent application fall outside the licensed use of the products; or 

others may design around
 ABVC s patent claims to produce competitive products which fall outside of the scope of its patents. 

Even if ABVC has or obtains new patents covering
its new drug candidates, ABVC may still be barred from making, using and selling them because of the patent rights of others. Others
may have filed, and in the future may file, patent applications covering products that are similar or identical to ABVC. There are many
issued U.S. and foreign patents relating to therapeutic products and some of these relate to ABVC s new drug candidates. These
could materially affect ABVC s ability to develop its drug candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue,
there may be currently pending applications unknown to ABVC that may later result in issued patents that its new drug candidates may
infringe. These patent applications may have priority over patent applications filed by ABVC. 

The Company and its respective licensors
may not be able to enforce their intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting
and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, especially those relating to pharmaceuticals
and medical devices. This could make it difficult for the Company and its respective licensors to stop the infringement of some of the
Licensors patents, or the misappropriation of their other intellectual property rights. For example, many foreign countries have
compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability
of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited
or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process
with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, the Company and its licensors have chosen in the past and may choose in the future not to seek
patent protection in certain countries, and as a result the Company will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries.
Moreover, the Company may choose in the future not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and as a result it will not have the
benefit of patent protection in such countries. 

Proceedings to enforce the Company s and
its licensors patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert its efforts and attention from
other aspects of the businesses. Accordingly, the efforts to protect the Company s intellectual property rights in such countries
may be inadequate. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the U.S. and foreign countries may affect the Company s
ability to obtain adequate protection for its technology and the enforcement of intellectual property. 

Regulatory Risks Relating to Biopharmaceutical Business 

The Company is subject to various government regulations. 

The manufacture and sale of human therapeutic
and diagnostic products in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions are governed by a variety of statutes and regulations. These laws require
approval of manufacturing facilities, controlled research and testing of products and government review and approval of a submission
containing manufacturing, preclinical and clinical data in order to obtain marketing approval based on establishing the safety and efficacy
of the product for each use sought, including adherence to current PIC/S Guide to Good Manufacturing Practice for Medicinal products
during production and storage, and control of marketing activities, including advertising and labeling. 

The products the Company is currently developing
will require significant development, preclinical and clinical testing and investment of substantial funds prior to its commercialization.
The process of obtaining required approvals can be costly and time-consuming, and there can be no assurance that future products will
be successfully developed and will prove to be safe and effective in clinical trials or receive applicable regulatory approvals. Markets
other than the U.S. have similar restrictions. Potential investors and shareholders should be aware of the risks, problems, delays, expenses
and difficulties which we may encounter in view of the extensive regulatory environment which controls our business. 

25 

The Company cannot be certain that it will
be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, any of its current or future product candidates. 

The Company may not be able to develop any current
or future product candidates. The Company s new drug candidates will require substantial additional clinical development, testing,
and regulatory approval before the commencement of commercialization. The clinical trials of the Company s drug candidates are,
and the manufacturing and marketing of our new drug candidates will be subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation by numerous
government authorities in the U.S. and in other countries where the Company intend to test and, if approved, market any new drug candidate.
Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate, the Company must demonstrate through pre-clinical
testing and clinical trials that the product candidate is safe and effective for use in each target indication. This process can take
many years and may include post-marketing studies and surveillance, which will require the expenditure of substantial resources. Of the
large number of drugs in development in the U.S., only a small percentage successfully completes the FDA regulatory approval process
and is commercialized. Accordingly, even if the Company is able to obtain the requisite financing to continue to fund its development
and clinical programs, it cannot assure the investors that any of the product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. 

The Company is not permitted to market a therapeutic
product in the U.S. until it receives approval of an NDA or ANDA, for that product from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until they
receive the requisite approval from such countries. Obtaining approval of an NDA is a complex, lengthy, expensive and uncertain process,
and the FDA may delay, limit or deny approval of any product candidate for many reasons, including, among others: 

Unable to demonstrate that
 a product candidate is safe and effective to the satisfaction of the FDA; 

the results of the Company s
 clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA for marketing approval; 

the FDA may not approve
 the formulation of any product candidate; 

the CROs, that BioLite
 or the Company retains to conduct its clinical trials may take actions outside of its control that materially adversely impact its
 clinical trials; 

delays in patient enrollment,
 variability in the number and types of patients available for clinical trials, and lower-than anticipated retention rates for patients
 in clinical trials; 

the FDA may find the data
 from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials insufficient to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits
 outweigh its safety risks, such as the risk of drug abuse by patients or the public in general; 

the FDA may disagree with
 the interpretation of data from the Company s pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; 

the FDA may not accept
 data generated at the Company s clinical trial sites; 

if an NDA, if and when
 submitted, is reviewed by an advisory committee, the FDA may have difficulties scheduling an advisory committee meeting in a timely
 manner or the advisory committee may recommend against approval of our application or may recommend that the FDA require, as a condition
 of approval, additional pre-clinical studies or clinical trials, limitations on approved labeling or distribution and use restrictions; 

the FDA may require development
 of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, as a condition of approval or post-approval; or 

the FDA may change its
 approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

These same risks apply to applicable foreign
regulatory agencies from which the Company, through BioLite, may seek approval for any of our new drug candidates. 

Any of these factors, many of which are beyond
the Company s control, could jeopardize its ability to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully market any new drug candidate.
As a result, any such setback in the Company s pursuit of initial or additional regulatory approval would have a material adverse
effect on its business and prospects. 

26 

If the Company does not successfully complete
pre-clinical and Phase I and II clinical development, it will be unable to receive full payments under their respective collaboration
agreements, find future collaborators or partners to take the drug candidates to Phase III clinical trials. Even if the Company successfully
completes all Phase I and II clinical trials, those results are not necessarily predictive of results of additional trials that may be
needed before an NDA for Phase III trials may be submitted to the FDA. Although there are a large number of drugs in development in the
U.S. and other countries, only a very small percentage result in commercialization, and even fewer achieve widespread physician and consumer
acceptance following the regulatory approval. 

In addition, the Company may encounter delays
or drug candidate rejections based on new governmental regulations, future legislative or administrative actions, or changes in FDA policy
or interpretation during the period of product development. If the Company obtains required regulatory approvals, such approvals may
later be withdrawn. Delays or failures in obtaining regulatory approvals may result in: 

varying interpretations of data and commitments by
 the FDA and similar foreign regulatory agencies; and 

diminishment of any competitive advantages that such
 drug candidates may have or attain. 

Furthermore, if the Company fails to comply with
applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements at any stage during this regulatory process, the Company may encounter or be subject
to: 

delays or termination in clinical trials or commercialization; 

refusal by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory agencies
 to review pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 

product recalls or seizures; 

suspension of manufacturing; 

withdrawals of previously approved marketing applications;
 and 

fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecutions. 

The Company faces substantial competition
from companies with considerably more resources and experience than the Company has, which may result in others discovering, developing,
receiving approval for, or commercializing products before or more successfully than the Company. 

The Company competes with companies that research,
develop, manufacture and market already-existing and new pharmaceutical products in the fields of CNS, hematology/oncology and autoimmune.
The Company anticipates that it will face increased competition in the future as new companies enter the market with new drugs and/or
technologies and/or their competitors improve their current products. One or more of their competitors may offer new drugs superior to
the Company s and render the Company s drugs uneconomical. A lot of the Company s current competitors, as well as many
of its respective potential competitors, have greater name recognition, more substantial intellectual property portfolios, longer operating
histories, significantly greater resources to invest in new drug development, more substantial experience in product marketing and new
product development, greater regulatory expertise, more extensive manufacturing capabilities and the distribution channels to deliver
products to customers. If the Company is not able to compete successfully, it may not generate sufficient revenue to become profitable.
The Company s ability to compete successfully will depend largely on its ability to: 

successfully commercialize its drug candidates with
 commercial partners; 

discover and develop new drug candidates that are superior
 to other products in the market; 

with its collaborators, obtain required regulatory
 approvals; 

attract and retain qualified personnel; and 

obtain patent and/or other proprietary protection for
 its product candidates. 

Established pharmaceutical companies devote significant
financial resources to discovering, developing or licensing novel compounds that could make the Company s products and product
candidates obsolete. Our competitors may obtain patent protection, receive FDA approval, and commercialize medicines before we do. Other
companies are or may become engaged in the discovery of compounds or botanical materials that may compete with the drug candidates the
Company is developing. 

The Company competes with a large number of well-established
pharmaceutical companies that may have more resources than the Company does in developing therapeutics in the fields of CNS, oncology/hematology
and ophthalmology. 

Any new drug candidate the Company is developing
or commercializing that competes with a currently-approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability
and/or safety in order to address price competition and be commercially successful. If the Company is not able to compete effectively
against its current and future competitors, its business will not grow and its financial condition and operations will suffer. 

27 

Risks Relating to Doing Business Outside the
United States 

Because part of ABVC s pharmaceutical
research and development is conducted outside of the U.S., the Company is subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including
periodic foreign economic downturns and political instability, which may adversely affect the Company s revenue and cost of doing
business in Taiwan. 

ABVC collaborates with partners whose primary
place of business is in Taiwan, Republic of China and the Company has certain key employees in Taiwan. Foreign economic downturns may
affect our results of operations in the future. Additionally, other facts relating to the operation of the Company s business outside
of the U.S. may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including: 

international economic and political changes; 

the imposition of governmental
 controls or changes in government regulations, including tax laws, regulations and treaties; 

changes in, or impositions
 of, legislative or regulatory requirements regarding the pharmaceutical industry; 

compliance with U.S. and
 international laws involving international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and export control laws; 

difficulties in achieving
 headcount reductions due to unionized labor and works councils; 

restrictions on transfers
 of funds and assets between jurisdictions; and 

China-Taiwan geo-political
 instability. 

As the Company continues to operate its business
globally, its success will depend in part, on its ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks. The impact of any one or
more of these factors could materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company may be exposed to liabilities
under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption law. 

The Company is subject to the FCPA, and other
laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments, foreign government officials and political parties
by U.S. persons as defined by the statute for purposes of obtaining or retaining businesses. The Company may have agreements with third
parties who may make sales in mainland China and the U.S., during the process of which the Company may be exposed to corruption. Activities
in Taiwan create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by an employee, consultant or agent of the Company, because
these parties are not always subject to the Company s control. 

Although the Company believes to date it has
complied in all material aspects with the provisions of the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption law, the existing safeguards and any future
improvements may prove to be less than effective and any of the Company s employees, consultants or agents may engage in corruptive
conduct for which the Company might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption law may result in severe criminal
or civil sanctions against the Company and individuals and therefore could negatively affect the Company s business, operating
results and financial condition. In addition, the Taiwanese government may seek to hold the Company liable as a successor for FCPA violations
committed by companies in which the Company invests or acquires. 

International operations expose the Company
to currency exchange and repatriation risks, and the Company cannot predict the effect of future exchange rate fluctuations on its business
and operating results. 

The Company has business operations in Taiwan
and collaborative activities in the U.S. and Japan. Substantial amounts of revenues are received and expenses are incurred in New Taiwan
Dollars and U.S. dollars. Thus, the Company has exposure to currency fluctuations. The Company cannot assure you that the effect of currency
exchange fluctuations will not materially affect its revenues and net income in the future. 

28 

We conduct our operations internationally
and the effect of business, legal and political risks associated with international operations may seriously harm our business. 

Sales to customers outside the United States accounted for 66 
and 7 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our international sales and operations are subject to a wide range
of risks, which may vary from country to country or region to region. These risks include the following: 

export
 and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and restrictions on the transfer of funds; 

political
 and economic instability; 

issues
 arising from cultural or language differences and labor unrest; 

longer
 payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 

compliance
 with trade and technical standards in a variety of jurisdictions; 

difficulties
 in staffing and managing international operations, including the risks associated with fraud, theft and other illegal conduct; 

compliance
 with laws and regulations, including environmental, employment and tax laws, which vary from country to country and over time, increasing
 the costs of compliance and potential risks of non-compliance; 

difficulties
 enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect
 intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States and European countries; 

operations
 may be affected by political tensions, trade disputes and similar matters, particularly between China and Taiwan or between China
 and the United States; 

United
 States and foreign trade restrictions, including those that may limit the importation of technology or components to or from various
 countries or impose tariffs or quotas; and 

imposition
 of currency exchange controls or taxes that make it impracticable or costly to repatriate funds from foreign countries. 

We cannot assure you that risks relating to our
international operations will not seriously harm our business. 

If the Company becomes directly subject
to the recent scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources
to investigate and resolve the matters. Any unfavorable results from the investigations could harm our business operations, this offering
and our reputation. 

Recently, U.S. public companies that have substantially
all of their operations in China, have been subjects of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators
and regulatory agencies, such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity has centered on financial and accounting
irregularities, lack of effective internal control over financial accountings, inadequate corporate governance and ineffective implementation
thereof and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of enhanced scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, the publicly traded
stocks of many U.S.-listed Chinese companies have sharply decreased in value and, in some cases, have become virtually worthless or illiquid.
Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions and are conducting internal and external
investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effects the sector-wide investigations will have on the Company. If the Company
becomes a subject of any unfavorable allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, the Company will have to
expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and defend the Company. If such allegations were not proven to be baseless,
the Company would be severely hampered and the price of the stock of the Company could decline substantially. If such allegations were
proven to be groundless, the investigation might have significantly distracted the attention of the Company s management. 

29 

Risks Related to the Company s Financial
Condition 

Our existing indebtedness may adversely
affect our ability to obtain additional funds and may increase our vulnerability to economic or business downturns. 

We
are subject to a number of risks associated with our indebtedness, including: 1) we must dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations
to pay debt service costs, and therefore we have less funds available for operations and other purposes; 2) it may be more difficult
and expensive to obtain additional funds through financings, if available at all; 3) we are more vulnerable to economic downturns and
fluctuations in interest rates, less able to withstand competitive pressures and less flexible in reacting to changes in our industry
and general economic conditions; and 4) if we default under any of our existing credit facilities or if our creditors demand payment
of a portion or all of our indebtedness, we may not have sufficient funds to make such payments. As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding
current liabilities were approximately 5.8 million, which consisted primarily of short-term bank loans and accrued expenses. On April
5 and 20, 2020, we entered into certain exchange agreements separately with certain U.S. and non-U.S. holders of certain convertible
promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 1,446,780; pursuant to the exchange agreements, we issued to the Holders an aggregate of
795,735 shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase 795,735 shares of Common Stock. On November 9, 2020, we entered into an exchange
agreement with a certain non-U.S. holder of certain convertible promissory notes in the amount of 270,272; pursuant to the exchange
agreements, we will issue to the holder an aggregate of 120,121 shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase 120,121 shares of Common
Stock. We also agreed to issue an aggregate of 545,182 options of common stock to some of our employees in lieu of
their deferred salaries in an aggregate amount of 1,090,360. 

Failure to remediate a material weakness
in internal accounting controls could result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 

Our management has identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting related to not having sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with appropriate level
of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States commensurate
with the Company s financial reporting requirements and has concluded that, due to such material weakness, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. If not remediated, or if we identify further material weaknesses in our internal
controls, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Failure to maintain the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures may lead to restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to
regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect
on the market prices for our Common Stock. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) have requirements that we may fail to meet or we may fall out of compliance with, such as the internal
controls auditor attestation required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with which we are not currently required to
comply as we are a smaller reporting company. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards
are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we
have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Moreover,
effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports
and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and
operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our
stock could drop significantly. 

Our articles of incorporation allow for
our board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our shareholders, which could adversely affect the rights
of the holders of our Common Stock. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority to fix
and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock without shareholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors
could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation,
the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of Common Stock and the right to the redemption
of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our Common Stock. In addition, our Board of Directors could authorize
the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our Common Stock or that is convertible into our Common
Stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our Common Stock or result in dilution to our existing shareholders. 

We may create any additional series of preferred
stock and issue such shares in the future although we do not have any present intention of doing so. 

We may not be able to secure financing
needed for future operating needs on acceptable terms, or on any terms at all. 

From time to time, we may seek additional financing
to provide the capital required to expand our production facilities, Research and development R D initiatives and/or
working capital, as well as to repay outstanding loans if cash flow from operations is insufficient to do so. We cannot predict
with certainty the timing or amount of any such capital requirements. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms,
we may be unable to expand our business or to develop new business at the rate desired. If we are able to incur debt, we may be
subject to certain restrictions imposed by the terms of the debt and the repayment of such debt may limit our cash flow and growth. If
we are unable to incur debt, we may be forced to issue additional equity, which could have a dilutive effect on our current shareholders. 

30 

Our internal computer systems, or those
of our third-party contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our
product development programs. 

Despite the implementation of security measures,
our internal computer systems and those of our third-party contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses,
unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we do not believe that we
have experienced any such system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions
in our operations, it could result in a loss of clinical trial data for our new drug candidates which could result in delays in our regulatory
approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security
breach results in a loss of or damage to our data or applications or other data or applications relating to our technology or new drug
candidates, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liabilities and the further development
of our product candidates could be delayed. 

The elimination of personal liability against
our directors and officers under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification rights held by our directors, officers and employees
may result in substantial expenses. 

ABVC Bylaws eliminate the personal liability
of our directors and officers to us and our shareholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent
permissible under Nevada law. Further, our Bylaws provide that we are obligated to indemnify each of our directors or officers to the
fullest extent authorized by Nevada law and, subject to certain conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer
in defending any action, suit or proceeding prior to its final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial
expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further,
those provisions and resulting costs may discourage us or our shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former
directors or officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our shareholders. 

Risks Related to the Company s Common
Stock 

The share price of our Common Stock is
volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

There is currently only a limited public market
for our Common Stock, which is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and there can be no assurance that a trading market will develop
further or be maintained for our Common Stock in the future. The trading price of our Common Stock is likely to be highly volatile, and
could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the factors
discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, these factors include: 

the new drug candidates we acquire for commercialization; 

the product candidates
 we seek to pursue, and our ability to obtain rights to develop those product candidates; 

our decision to initiate
 a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 

actual or anticipated adverse
 results or delays in our pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; 

our failure to get any
 of our new drug candidates approved; 

unanticipated serious safety
 and environmental concerns related to the use and research activities of any of our new drug candidates; 

overall performance of
 the equity markets and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors,
 including changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

conditions or trends in
 the healthcare, biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries; 

introduction of new products
 offered by us or our competitors; 

announcements of significant
 acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 

our ability to maintain
 an adequate rate of growth and manage such growth; 

issuances of debt or equity
 securities by us; 

31 

sales of our securities
 by us or our shareholders in the future, or the perception that such sales could occur; 

trading volume of our Common
 Stock; 

ineffectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures; 

general political and economic
 conditions in U.S. and other countries and territories where we conduct our business; 

effects of natural or man-made
 catastrophic events; and 

adverse regulatory decisions; 

additions or departures
 of key scientific or management personnel; 

changes in laws or regulations
 applicable to our product candidates, including without limitation clinical trial requirements for approvals; 

disputes or other developments
 relating to patents and other proprietary rights and our ability to obtain protection for our products; 

our dependence on third
 parties, including CROs and scientific and medical advisors; 

failure to meet or exceed
 any financial guidance or expectations regarding development milestones that we may provide to the public; 

actual or anticipated variations
 in quarterly operating results; 

failure to meet or exceed
 the estimates and projections of the investment community; 

other events or factors,
 many of which are beyond our control. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and
the stocks of small-cap healthcare, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry
factors may negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The realization of
any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in these Risk Factors, could have
a dramatic and material adverse impact on the market price of our Common Stock. 

32 

Insiders have substantial control over
us, and they could delay or prevent a change in our corporate control even if our other shareholders wanted it to occur. 

Our executive officers, directors, and principal
shareholders own, in the aggregate, approximately 61.4 of our outstanding Common Stock. As a result of their stockholdings, these
shareholders are able to assert substantial control over matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and
approval of significant corporate transactions. This could delay or prevent an outside party from acquiring or merging with us even
if our other shareholders wanted it to occur. 

The market price of our Common Stock may
be volatile and there may not be sufficient liquidity in the market for our securities in order for investors to sell
their securities. 

The market price of our Common Stock has been
and will likely continue to be highly volatile, as is the stock market in general. Factors that may materially affect the market price
of our Common Stock are beyond our control, these factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless
of our performance. In addition, the public stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility. These
broad market fluctuations may influence the market price of our Common Stock. There is currently only a limited public market for our
Common Stock, which is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and there can be no assurance that a trading market will develop further
or be maintained in the future. 

The stock markets have experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies, including
very recently in connection with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in decreased stock prices for many companies notwithstanding
the lack of a fundamental change in their underlying business models or prospects. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, including potentially worsening economic conditions
and other adverse effects or developments relating to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, political, regulatory and other market conditions,
may negatively affect the market price of shares of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The market price
of shares of our common stock may decline and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

We have not paid dividends in the past
and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the value of our shares. 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our
Common Stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, and any return on investment may be limited to
the value of our Common Stock. We plan to retain any future earnings to finance growth. 

Under applicable Nevada law, we, as a Nevada
corporation, generally may not make a distribution if i) we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course
of business, or ii) our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if we
were to be dissolved at the time of distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential
rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and any trading volume could decline. 

Any
trading market for our Common Stock that may develop will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about us or our business. As of the date of this Report, there is only 1 publish research report about our business. If securities
or industry analysts provide additional coverage, and one or more of those analysts downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or
fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Common Stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and any trading
volume to decline. 

Future sales and issuances of our Common
Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plan or otherwise, could result in dilution of the
percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We expect that we will need significant additional
capital in the future to continue our planned operations. To raise capital, we may sell Common Stock, convertible securities or other
equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell Common Stock, convertible
securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, including issuance of equity securities pursuant to any future stock
incentive plan to our officers, directors, employees and non-employee consultants for their services to us, investors in a prior transaction
may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Additionally, any such sales may result in material dilution to our existing shareholders,
and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Stock. Further, any future sales
of our Common Stock by us or resales of our Common Stock by our existing shareholders could cause the market price of our Common Stock
to decline. Any future grants of options, warrants or other securities exercisable or convertible into our Common Stock, or the exercise
or conversion of such shares, and any sales of such shares in the market, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common
Stock. On October 29, 2021, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, as amended on November 16, 2021, which was declared effective
on November 29, 2021. On May 11, 2022, we agreed to issue 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a price of
 2.11 per share and 5-year warrants to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock, exercisable at a price of 2.45 per share pursuant
to certain securities purchase agreement dated May 11, 2022, which was effected as a takedown off the Company s shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, as amended. We also issued the co-placement agents warrants to purchase up to 160,000 shares of Common Stock,
on the same terms as the investors warrants in connection with the transaction. We may issue shares of Common Stock through the Form
S-3 in the future, which would further dilute your ownership. 

33 

Our Common Stock may be subject to the
 penny stock rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may make it more difficult for shareholders to sell
our Common Stock. 

The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes
the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that
a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor
a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In order to approve a person s account
for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the
person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient
knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior
to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight
form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and that the broker or dealer received a
signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute
transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of
the Company s Common Stock if and when such shares are eligible for sale and may cause a decline in the market value of its stock. 

Disclosure also has to be made about the risks
of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer
and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases
of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock
held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. 

Our failure to meet the continued listing
requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our Common Stock . 

If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements
of the Nasdaq Capital Market, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, the Nasdaq
Capital Market may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common
stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. 

On August 19, 2022, we received a deficiency
letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for our common stock was below the minimum 1.00
per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) Rule 5550(a)(2) ).
Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we have until February 14, 2023 to regain compliance. Since we did not regain compliance by such date,
we requested and received an additional 180 days, until August 14, 2023, to comply with Rule 5550(a)(2). 

If we fail to regain compliance on or prior to
August 14, 2023, we could be subject to suspension and delisting proceedings, unless we timely appeal for a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearings
Panel. The request for a hearing will stay any suspension or delisting action pending the issuance of the decision of the Nasdaq Hearings
Panel following the hearing and the expiration of any additional extension granted by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. The deficiency has no
immediate effect on the listing of our common stock, and our common stock continues to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 ABVC at this time. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the bid price requirement
under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

34 

If our common stock were delisted from the Nasdaq,
trading of our common stock would most likely take place on an over-the-counter market established for unlisted securities, such as the
OTCQB or the Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. An investor would likely find it less convenient to sell, or to obtain
accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our common stock on an over-the-counter market, and many investors would likely not buy or sell
our common stock due to difficulty in accessing over-the-counter markets, policies preventing them from trading in securities not listed
on a national exchange or other reasons. In addition, as a delisted security, our common stock would be subject to SEC rules as a penny
stock, which impose additional disclosure requirements on broker-dealers. The regulations relating to penny stocks, coupled with
the typically higher cost per trade to the investor of penny stocks due to factors such as broker commissions generally representing
a higher percentage of the price of a penny stock than of a higher-priced stock, would further limit the ability of investors to trade
in our common stock. 

In the event of a delisting, we anticipate that
we would take actions to restore our compliance with the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national exchange s listing requirements,
but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our Common Stock to remain listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market, stabilize our market price, improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq
Capital Market s minimum bid price requirement, or prevent future non-compliance with the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national
exchange s listing requirements. 

We will continue to incur significant increased
costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance
requirements as a result of our Common Stock being listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

We will continue to incur significant increased
costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance
requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. As a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses.
We are subject to mandatory reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which require, among other things, that we continue to file with
the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition, that we were not required to file
as a voluntary reporting company (though we did file such reports with the SEC on a voluntary basis). We have incurred and will continue
to incur costs associated with the preparation and filing of these SEC reports. Furthermore, we are subject to mandatory new corporate
governance and other compliance requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently
implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the Nasdaq Capital Market or another national
exchange have imposed various other requirements on public companies. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the
current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations,
which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact (in ways we cannot currently anticipate) the way we operate our business. Our
management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules
and regulations have and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming
and costly. 

In addition, if and when we cease to be a smaller
reporting company and become subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will be required to furnish an attestation report
on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with
Section 404 within the prescribed time period, we will continue to be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control
over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to dedicate substantially greater internal
resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control
over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning
as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our
efforts, there is a risk that our independent registered public accounting firm, when required, will not be able to conclude within the
prescribed timeframe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in
an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 

35 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable to us since we are not an accelerated
filer, a large accelerated filer or a well-known seasoned issuer under SEC rules. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our
Subsidiary BioLite has its laboratories located in Hsinchu Biomedical Science Park, with an address of 20, Sec. 2, Shengyi Rd., 2nd Floor,
Zhubei City, Hsinchu County 302, Taiwan (R.O.C.). On January 1, 2015, BioLite Taiwan entered into a lease agreement with the National
Science Park Administrative Office (Hsinchu City) under which it rents two dormitory buildings in Hsinchu County, Taiwan for a period
of five years. The aggregate leasing area amounts to approximately 678 square meters (equivalent to approximately 7,298 square feet)
on the second floor of the building. The leased space counts for approximately 1.9 of the total space of the building. On January 1,
2020, BioLite Taiwan extended the contract for another five years. The new expiration date is on December 31, 2024. The rent increases
by a small percentage each year during the term of the lease agreement. BioLite paid 60,104 and 60,296 in rental expense for the laboratory
space for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Another
subsidiary BioKey is headquartered in Fremont, California. BioKey s office lease will end on February 28, 2026 and the office occupies
approximately 28,186 square feet. BioKey s space consists of offices, research and production laboratories, and manufacturing facilities,
which are GMP certified. BioKey has an option to extend the lease for its offices in Fremont for a period of five years commencing February
28, 2026, and BioKey may exercise this option for 5 more years. The total BioKey s rental expenses were 328,051 and 331,482 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Unless
disclosed otherwise, we are currently not a party to any material legal or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any pending
legal or administrative proceedings against us. We may from
time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable 

36 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information . As of August
3, 2021, our common stock, par value .001 per share (the Common Stock ), is currently quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Markets
under the symbol ABVC . 

Holders . As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 666 shareholders
of record of our common stock. 

Dividends . Holders of our common
stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. No dividends on our common stock have ever
been paid, and we do not anticipate that dividends will be paid on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities . 

During the period covered by this report, the
Company has not issued unregistered securities to any person, except as described below. None of these transactions involved any underwriters,
underwriting discounts or commissions, except as specified below, or any public offering, and, unless otherwise indicated below, the
Registrant believes that each transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of
Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, and/or Regulation S promulgated
thereunder regarding offshore offers and sales. All recipients had adequate access, though their relationships with the Registrant, to
information about the Registrant. 

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company
entered into service agreements with Euro-Asia Investment Finance Corp Ltd. (a related party), Ever Adventure inv. (Formosa) Consultant
Co., Ltd., New Eastern Asia (a related party), and Kimho Consultants Co., Ltd. (a related party) for the maintenance of the listing in
the U.S. stock exchange market, investor relations, and business development. Pursuant to the agreements, the Company issued 644,972 shares
of the Company s common stock for the consulting service from July 2019 to July 2024 for the service fee of 4,514,800 in aggregate,
and recorded as stock subscription receivable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock subscription receivable was 1,354,440 and 2,257,400,
respectively. 

On January 21, 2020, the Company entered into
three note agreements with existing note investors who executed the agreements in 2018. These three investors are Guoliang Yu and Yingfei
Wei Family Trust, Keypoint Technology Ltd., and Yoshinobu Odaira. The new agreements bear the same term as other notes investors who
executed the contract in 2019. On April 5, 2020, the Company entered into exchange agreements with such note holders. Pursuant to the
exchange agreements, the Holders agreed to deliver the Notes to the Company for cancellation, of which the aggregate principal amount
plus accrued interest expenses are 931,584, and the Company issued to the Holders an aggregate of 506,297 shares of the Company s
common stock, and warrants to purchase 506,297 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On April 5, 2020 and April 20, 2020, the Company
entered into certain exchange agreements separately with certain U.S. and non-U.S. holders who are holders of certain convertible promissory
notes issued by the Company in the aggregate amount of 1,446,780. Pursuant to the exchange agreements, the Company agreed to issue to
the Holders an aggregate of 795,735 shares of the Company s common stock, and warrants to purchase 795,735 shares of common stock.
Each warrant is exercisable upon issuance and expires three years from the date of issuance. The initial exercise price of the warrant
is 5.00, subject to stock, splits, stock dividend and other similar events. In addition, when the closing price of the common stock
equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for twenty Trading Days (as defined in the exchange agreements) during any thirty-day period, the Company
shall have the right to require the holders to exercise all or any portion of the note holders warrants for a cash exercise. On
September 30, 2020, the Company has issued such note holders shares warrants to the holders and closed the transactions contemplated
by the Exchange Agreements. 

In May 2020, the Company received capital contributions
of approximately 1,602,040 in cash from 40 investors through private placements of the sale of certain number of Common Stocks for the
purchase price of 2.25 per share of Common Stock and a free warrant attaches with each Common stock that was purchased. The exercise
price of the warrant is at 6.00 per common stock with a mandatory redemption at 9.00 per common stock pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the warrants. 

On July 8, 2020, the Company entered an agreement
with View Trade Securities Inc. ViewTrade to engage ViewTrade as the placement agent and the Company s advisor
with respect to its ongoing capital events. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay View Trade ViewTrade Securities 60,000 restricted common shares of the Company and 60,000 warrants to purchase common shares of the Company at an exercise price of 6
per share for a period of 5 years with cashless exercise provision. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has issued 60,000 shares of
common stock to ViewTrade for the advisory services with an estimated value of 135,000. The warrants were never issued and the parties
mutually agreed to terminate the agreement on November 19, 2020. As a termination fee, the Company agreed to issue ViewTrade 50,000 restricted
common shares of the Company. 

Also on November 19, 2020, the Company and ViewTrade
agreed to a new Advisory agreement under which ViewTrade was engaged to provide advisory services only. In addition to a retainer fee,
the Company agreed to issue 200,000 warrants, with an exercise price of 2.25, an industry standard cashless exercise provision, and
a term of 5 years from November 19, 2020. 

On September 30, 2020, the Company also issued
to Ever Adventure inv. (Formosa) Consultant Co., Ltd. (or its designee), Jinwei International Co., Ltd. (or its designee), and Thalia
Media Ltd. (or its designee) (the Consultants 120,000 shares, 180,000 shares and 120,000 shares of common stock
(collectively, Consultants Shares ), respectively, as their compensation as the Company s investor relations
and business development advisors. Each Consultant has entered into certain consulting agreement with the Company. 

37 

On
September 30, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 795,735 shares of Common Stock to five previous note holders, who had converted
their outstanding principals and accrued and unpaid interests during 2020. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, no conversion was made to the note holders. 

On November 8, 2020, the Company entered into
an exchange agreement with a holder of convertible promissory notes issued by the Company in the aggregate amount of 270,272. Pursuant
to the exchange agreements, the Company agreed to issue to the Holder an aggregate of 120,121 shares of the Company s common stock,
and warrants to purchase 120,121 shares of common stock. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregated of 120,121 shares of
Common Stock to the note holder. 

On November 11, 2020, the Company conducted a
closing with regard to certain securities purchase agreements (the SPAs dated October 23, 2020, separately with
two non-U.S. investors (the Investors ). Each of the Investors agreed to purchase and the Company agreed to sell
to each of the Investors 1,111,112 shares of the Company s common stock, and warrants to purchase 1,111,112 shares of common stock,
for a purchase price of 2,500,000. The warrants are exercisable upon issuance and expires three years from the date of issuance. The
initial exercise price of the warrants is 6.00, subject to stock, splits, stock dividend and other similar events. In addition, when
the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for twenty Trading Days (as defined in the exchange agreements)
during any thirty-day period, the Company shall have the right to require the investors to exercise all or any portion of the warrants
for a cash exercise. The aggregate net proceeds of the Offering were 5,000,000. The Company and the investors further agreed to amend
the terms of the SPA to permit the closing of the offering to occur on a rolling basis. In July 2021, 1,111,112 shares of the
Company s common stock and warrants were issued pursuant to the conversion of a 2,500,000 convertible promissory note. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020,
the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a service provider for consulting and advisory services, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to pay the service fee by issuing 50,000 shares of unrestricted common shares, valued at the closing price of 2.9 per
share on the grant date. These shares were issued in 2020. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the
Company received aggregated capital contributions of 7,615,331 in cash from 45 investors through private placements of
the sale of the Company s common stock for the purchase price of 2.25 per share and a free warrant attached with each
common stock purchased. In December 2020, 3,384,615 shares of the Company s common stock have been issued. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company entered into consulting agreements with four service providers for consulting and advisory services, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to pay the aggregate service fee by issuing a total of 521,887 shares of unrestricted common shares, valued at the closing price
from 2 to 3.68 per share on the grant date. As of December 31, 2021, these shares have been issued. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the
Company issued an aggregate of 915,856 shares of common stock to six previous note holders, who had converted their outstanding principals
and accrued and unpaid interests. 

On August 5, 2021, the Company closed its
public offering (the Public Offering of 1,100,000 units (the Units ), with each Unit consisting of one share
of the Company s common stock, one Series A warrant (the Series A Warrants to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price equal to 6.30 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, and one Series B warrant
(the Series B Warrants, and together with the Series A Warrants, the Public Warrants to purchase one share
of common stock at an exercise price equal to 10.00 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date; the exercise
price of the Public Warrants are subject to certain adjustment and cashless exercise provisions as described therein. The Company completed
the Public Offering pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255112), originally filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 8, 2021 (as amended, the Original Registration Statement ), that the
SEC declared effective on August 2, 2021 and the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-258404) that was filed and automatically
effective on August 4, 2021 (the S-1MEF, together with the Original Registration Statement, the Registration Statement ).
The Units were priced at 6.25 per Unit, before underwriting discounts and offering expenses, resulting in gross proceeds of 6,875,000. The
Public Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. In August 2021, 2,354,145 shares of the Company s common stock
were issued for gross proceeds of 6,875,000, before placement agent fees and legal fees of 850,429. 

38 

The Company paid the following fees to a FINRA
member firm in connection with the private financing transaction that closed on November 11, 2020: (i) a cash success fee of 175,000
and (ii) warrants to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 7 of the number of shares of Common Stock sold in this offering,
at an exercise price per share equal to 6.00 subject to adjustment (the Comp Warrants ). The Comp Warrants are exercisable
on a cashless basis, at the holder s discretion. 

On June 29, 2021, we issued 6,000 shares of Common
Stock to WallachBeth as compensation for consulting services. 

In November 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of 316,934 shares of Common Stock to Consultants. 

The Company also issued an aggregate of 1,306,007
shares of Common Stock to Consultants, who provided consulting services in January 2022; it issued an additional 75,000 shares to another
consultant in March 2022, based on the 6-month consulting and advisory services agreement, with a monthly payment of USD 15,000. 

In November 2021, the Company issued 55,000 underwriter
warrants to WallachBeth, pursuant to the Company s engagement of WallachBeth as the Company s exclusive placement agent and
advisor in connection with the offering for the listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

In November 2021, the Company received 4,244,452 in
gross proceeds from the exercise of warrants issued in the Company s August 3, 2021 public offering of securities. Investors exercised
a total of 673,405 Series A warrants at a price of 6.30 per share and 200 Series B warrants at a price of 10 per
share. Pursuant to these exercises, the Company issued an aggregate of 673,605 shares of Common Stock. 

In January 2022, the Company agreed to pay the
deferred service fees related to the Offering amounting to 4,296,763 by issuing 1,306,007 shares of unrestricted common shares, valued
at 3.29 per share on the grant date. 

In March 2022, the Company issued 75,000 shares
to BarLew Holdings, LLC, a consultant Barlew ). On January 1, 2022, the Company engaged Barlew for consulting and advisory
services for six months, with a monthly payment of USD15,000, as well as additional compensation of 75,000 shares of restricted common
stock. 

In March 2022, the Company issued 242,247 warrants
to a FINRA member firm. 

On May 11, 2022, the
Company and certain investors entered into certain securities purchase agreement relating to the offer and sale of 2,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value 0.001 per share in a registered direct offering. 

On July 10, 2022, the
Board approved the issuance of 75,000 shares of common stock to Barlew Holdings, LLC pursuant to the consulting agreement by and between
Barlew Holdings, LLC and the Company dated July 1, 2022, and 250,000 shares of common stock to Inverlew Advisors, LLC, in accordance with
the consulting agreement by and between Inverlew Advisors, LLC and the Company dated July 1, 2022. 

On December 1, 2022, the Company issued 125,000
and 100,000 common shares to Euro-Asia Investment Finance Corp Ltd. and Thalia Media Ltd. for consulting and advisory services. 

On January 3, 2023, the Company issued 223,411
common shares to a consultant for providing consulting services on listing to NASDAQ in 2021. 

On February 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase
agreement with Lind Global Fund II, LP Lind ), pursuant to which the Company issued Lind a secured, convertible note in
the principal amount of 3,704,167, for a purchase price of 3,175,000, that is convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock at an initial conversion price of 1.05 per share, subject to adjustment. The Company also issued Lind a common stock purchase warrant
to purchase up to 5,291,667 shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of 1.05 per share, subject to adjustment. 

39 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and result of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the
notes to those financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves
numerous risks and uncertainties contained in this report and the other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

From
its inception, the Company has not generated substantial revenue from its medical device and new drug development. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company generated 969,783 in revenue, mainly from the sale of Contract Development Manufacturing Organization CDMO services. 

Business 
 Overview 

ABVC
BioPharma Inc., which was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on February 6, 2002, is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on development of new drugs and medical devices, all of which are derived from plants. 

Medicines derived from plants have a long history
of relieving or preventing many diseases and, typically, have exhibited fewer side effects than drugs developed from animals or chemical
ingredients. Perhaps the most famous example is aspirin, which evolved from a compound found in the bark and leaves of the willow tree
and was later marketed by Bayer starting in 1899. Aspirin has very few serious side effects and has proven to be one of the most successful
drugs in medical history. Some 50 years later, scientists identified anticancer compounds in the rosy periwinkle, which Eli Lilly subsequently
produced for the treatment of leukemia and Hodgkins disease. Other well-known examples of successful botanical drugs include the cancer-fighting
Taxol, isolated from the Pacific yew tree. 

The Company develops its pipeline by carefully
tracking new medical discoveries or medical device technologies in research institutions in the Asia-Pacific region. Pre-clinical, disease
animal model and Phase I safety studies are examined closely by the Company s scientists and other specialists known to the Company
to identify drugs that it believes demonstrate efficacy and safety based on the Company s internal qualifications. Once a drug
is shown to be a good candidate for further development and ultimately commercialization, BriVision licenses the drug or medical device
from the original researchers and begins to introduce the drugs clinical plan to highly respected principal investigators in the United
States, Australia and Taiwan. In almost all cases, we have found that research institutions in each of those countries are eager to work
with the Company to move forward with Phase II clinical trials. 

Currently, institutions conducting phase II clinical trials in partnership
with ABVC include: 

Medical Device: ABV-1701,
 Vitargus in vitrectomy surgery, Phase II Study in Australia and Thailand, Principal Investigator: Professor/Dr.
 Matthew Simunovic, Sydney Eye Hospital; Dr. Elvis Ojaimi, East Melbourne Eye Group East Melbourne Retina, Duangnate
 Rojanaporn, M.D., Ramathibodi Hospital; Thuss Sanguansak, M.D., Srinagarind Hospita l. 

Drug: ABV-1504, Major Depressive
 Disorder (MDD), Phase II, NCE drug Principal Investigators: Charles DeBattista M.D. and Alan F. Schatzberg, MD, Stanford University
 Medical Center, Cheng-Ta Li, MD, Ph.D Taipei Veterans General Hospital 

Drug: ABV-1505, Adult Attention-Deficit
 Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Phase II, NCE drug Principal Investigators: Keith McBurnett, Ph.D. and Linda Pfiffner, Ph.D., University
 of California San Francisco (UCSF), School of Medicine 

Drug: ABV-1601, Major Depression
 in Cancer Patients, Phase I/II, NCE drug Principal Investigator: Scott Irwin, MD, Ph.D. Cedars Sinai Medical Center
 (CSMC) 

Drug: ABV-1703, Advanced
 Inoperable or Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer, Phase II, NCE drug Principal Investigator: Andrew E. Hendifar, MD Cedars
 Sinai Medical Center (CSMC) 

Drug: ABV-1519, A Phase
 I/II, Open Label Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of BLEX 404 Oral Liquid Combined with Pemetrexed + Carboplatin Therapy
 in Patients with Advanced Inoperable or Metastatic EGFR wild-type Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients 

40 

Upon successful completion of the Phase II trial,
the Company will seek a partner a large pharmaceutical company to complete a Phase III study, submit the New Drug Application
(NDA), and commercialize the drug upon approval by the FDA and Taiwan FDAs. The Company expects to seek its first commercialization partner
in 2021 for Vitargus, its vitreous substitute that helps to maintain a round shape and retinal location during vitrectomy surgery. 

Another part of the Company s business
is conducted by BioKey, a wholly owned subsidiary, that is engaged in a wide range of services, including, API characterization, pre-formulation
studies, formulation development, analytical method development, stability studies, IND/NDA/ANDA/510K submissions, and manufacturing
clinical trial materials (phase I through phase III) and commercial manufacturing. 

On February 8, 2019, the Company, BioLite Holding,
Inc. BioLite ), BioKey, Inc. BioKey ), BioLite Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company Merger Sub 1 ), and BioKey Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub
2 (collectively referred to as the Parties completed the business combination pursuant to that certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated January 31, 2018, pursuant to which the Company acquired BioLite and BioKey
via issuing shares of the Company s Common Stock to the shareholders of BioLite and BioKey. As a result, BioLite and BioKey became
two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company on February 8, 2019. The Company issued an aggregate of 104,558,777 shares of Common Stock
(prior to the reverse stock split in 2019) to the shareholders of both BioLite and BioKey under a registration statement on Form S-4
(file number 333-226285), which became effective by operation of law on or about February 5, 2019. 

BioLite was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Nevada on July 27, 2016, with 500,000,000 shares authorized, par value 0.0001. BioLite s key subsidiaries
include BioLite BVI, Inc. BioLite BVI that was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on September 13, 2016 and
BioLite, Inc. BioLite Taiwan ), a Taiwanese corporation that was founded in February 13, 2006. BioLite Taiwan has been
in the business of developing new drugs for over ten years. 

BioLite and BioLite BVI are holding companies
and have not carried out substantive business operations of their own. 

In January 2017, BioLite, BioLite BVI, BioLite
Taiwan, and certain shareholders of BioLite Taiwan entered into a share purchase / exchange agreement (the BioLite Share Purchase
/ Exchange Agreement ). Pursuant to the BioLite Share Purchase / Exchange Agreement, the shareholder participants to the BioLite
Share Purchase / Exchange Agreement sold their equity in BioLite Taiwan and used the proceeds from such sales to purchase shares of Common
Stock of BioLite at the same price per share, resulting in their owning the same number of shares of Common Stock as they owned in BioLite
Taiwan. Upon closing of the Share Purchase/ Exchange Agreement in August 2017, BioLite owns, via BioLite BVI, approximately 73 of BioLite
Taiwan. The other shareholders who did not enter this Share Purchase/ Exchange Agreement retain their equity ownership in BioLite Taiwan. 

BioKey was incorporated on August 9, 2000 in
the State of California. It is engaged primarily in research and development, manufacturing, and distribution of generic drugs and nutraceuticals
with strategic partners. BioKey provides a wide range of services, including, API characterization, pre-formulation studies, formulation
development, analytical method development, stability studies, IND/NDA/ANDA/510K submissions, and manufacturing clinical trial materials
(phase 1 through phase 3) and commercial manufacturing. It also licenses out its technologies and initiates joint research and development
processes with other biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and nutraceutical companies. 

Common Stock Reverse Split 

On March 12, 2019, the Board by unanimous written
consent in lieu of a meeting approved to i) effect a stock reverse split at the ratio of 1-for-18 (the Reverse Split of
both the authorized common stock of the Company and the issued and outstanding common stock and ii) to amend the articles of incorporation
of the Company to reflect the Reverse Split. The Board approved and authorized the Reverse Split without obtaining approval of the Company s
shareholders pursuant to Section 78.207 of Nevada Revised Statutes. 

On May 3, 2019, the Company filed a certificate
of amendment to the Company s articles of incorporation (the Amendment to effect the Reverse Split with the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada. The Reverse Split took effect on May 8, 2019. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

On June 28, 2019, the Company filed a certificate
of designation (the Series A COD of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Stock with the Secretary
of the State of Nevada. 

Pursuant to the Series A COD, the Company designated
3,500,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A Stock, par value of 0.001 per share. Subject to the laws of Nevada, the Company will
pay cumulative dividends on the Series A Stock on each anniversary from the date of original issue for a period of four calendar years.
The Series A Stock will rank senior to the outstanding common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock with respect to dividend rights, rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up in the amount of accrued but unpaid dividend. Holders
of the Series A Stock will have the same voting rights as the Company s Common Stock holders. Each share of Series A Stock is initially
convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of Common
Stock on the four-year anniversary of its issuance. 

41 

As
of December 31, 2022, no Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has been issued by the Company. 

Increasing the Authorized Shares 

On March 12, 2020, our board of directors approved
and adopted an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, to increase the authorized shares of the common stock, par
value 0.001 per share, from 20,000,000 to 100,000,000, such that, after including the previously authorized 20,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.001 per share, the aggregate number of shares of stock that the Company has authority to issue is 120,000,000 shares.
The amendment became effective on April 2, 2020. 

NASDAQ Listing 

On August 5, 2021, we closed a public offering
(the Offering of 1,100,000 units (the Units ), with each Unit consisting of one share of our common
stock (the Common Stock ), one Series A warrant (the Series A Warrants to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price equal to 6.30 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, and one Series B warrant
(the Series B Warrants, and together with the Series A Warrants, the Public Warrants to purchase one share
of common stock at an exercise price equal to 10.00 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date; the
exercise price of the Public Warrants are subject to certain adjustment and cashless exercise provisions as described therein. The Company
completed the Offering pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255112), originally filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 8, 2021 (as amended, the Original Registration Statement ), that
the SEC declared effective on August 2, 2021 and the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-258404) that was filed and automatically
effective on August 4, 2021 (the S-1MEF, together with the Original Registration Statement, the Registration Statement ).
The Units were priced at 6.25 per Unit, before underwriting discounts and offering expenses, resulting in gross proceeds of 6,875,000.
The Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. The Common Stock was approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and commenced
trading under the ticker symbol ABVC on August 3, 2021. 

In August 2022, we received a deficiency letter from
the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the
closing bid price for our common stock was below the minimum 1.00 per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market
pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) Rule 5550(a)(2) ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were
initially given until February 14, 2023 to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). Since the Company did not regain compliance by such
date, it requested and received an additional 180 days, until August 14, 2023, to comply with Rule 5550(a)(2). 

The deficiency has no immediate effect on the listing
of the Company s common stock, and its common stock continues to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ABVC 
at this time. 

If at any time before August 14, 2023, the bid price
of the Company s common stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Staff will provide
written confirmation that the Company has achieved compliance and the matter will be closed. 

If the Company does not regain compliance with Rule
5550(a)(2) by August 14, 2023, the Staff will provide written notification that the Company s securities will be delisted, although
the Company maintains the right to appeal such determination. The Company intends to actively monitor the closing bid price for its common
stock and will consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). 

Name Change and Cusip Number 

The Company s shareholders approved an
amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to change the Company s corporate name to ABVC BioPharma, Inc. 
and approved and adopted the Certificate of Amendment to affect same at the 2020 annual meeting of shareholders (the Annual
Meeting ). Nevada s Secretary of State approved the name change on March 8, 2021, and FINRA processed our request for
such name change on April 30, 2021. The new name was effective on May 3, 2021. Stock certificates issued before the name change remain
valid and stockholders are not required to submit their stock certificates for exchange as a result of the name change. New stock
certificates issued by the Company after the name change will be printed with the Company s new name, ABVC BioPharma, Inc.; existing
stock certificates remain valid. 

The Company s cusip number is 0091F106.
The Company s stock symbol remains ABVC. 

Joint Venture Agreement 

On October 6, 2021 (the Completion
Date ), ABVC BioPharma, Inc. (the Company ), Lucidaim Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation Lucidaim , 
together with the Company, the Shareholders ), and BioLite Japan K.K., a Japanese corporation Biolite
JP entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the Agreement ). Biolite JP is a private limited company (a
Japanese Kabushiki Kaisha incorporated on December 18, 2018 and at the date of the Agreement has 10,000 ordinary shares
authorized, with 3,049 ordinary shares issued and outstanding (the Ordinary Shares ). Immediately prior to the execution
of the Agreement, Lucidaim owned 1,501 ordinary shares and the Company owned the 1,548 ordinary shares. The Shareholders entered into
the joint venture to formally reduce to writing their desire to invest in and operate Biolite JP as a joint venture. The business of
the joint venture shall be the research and development of drugs, medical device and digital media, investment, fund running and consulting,
distribution and marketing of supplements carried on by Biolite JP and its subsidiaries in Japan, or any other territory or businesses
as may from time to time be agreed by an amendment to the Agreement. The closing of the transaction is conditioned upon the approval
and receipt of all necessary government approvals, which have been received. 

42 

Pursuant to the Agreement and the related share
transfer agreement, the Company shall transfer 54 of its Ordinary Shares to Lucidaim for no consideration, such that following the transfer,
Lucidaim shall own 1,555 Ordinary Shares (51 and the Company shall own 1,494 Ordinary Shares (49 ). Also pursuant to the Agreement,
there shall be 3 directors of Biolite JP, consisting of 1 director appointed by the Company and 2 appointed by Lucidiam. The Company
shall appoint Eugene Jiang, the Company s current Chairman and Chief Business Officer and Lucidaim shall appoint Michihito Onishi;
the current director of Biolite JP, Toru Seo (who is also a director of BioLite Japan s other shareholder), is considered the second
Lucidaim director. The Agreement further provides that the Company and Biolite JP shall assign the research collaboration and license
agreement between them to Biolite JP or prepare the same (the License Agreement ). The aforementioned transactions
occurred on the Completion Date. 

As per the Agreement, the Shareholders shall
supervise and manage the business and operations of Biolite JP. The directors shall not be entitled to any renumeration for their services
as a director and each Shareholder can remove and replace the director he/she/it appointed. If a Shareholder sells or disposes of all
of its Ordinary Shares, the director such Shareholder appointed must tender his/her resignation. The Agreement also sets forth certain
corporate actions that must be pre-approved by all Shareholders (the Reserved Matters ). If the Shareholders are
unable to make a decision on any Reserved Matter, then either Shareholder can submit a deadlock notice to the other shareholder, 5 days
after which they must refer the matter to each Shareholder s chairman and use good faith to resolve the dispute. If such dispute
is not resolved within 10 days thereafter, then either Shareholder can offer to buy all of the other Shareholder s Ordinary Shares
for cash at a specified price; if there is not affirmative acceptance of the sale, the sale shall proceed as set forth in the sale offer. 

Each of the Shareholders maintains a pre-emptive
right to purchase such number of additional Ordinary Shares as would allow such Shareholder to maintain its ownership percentage in Biolite
JP if Biolite JP issues any new Ordinary Shares. However, the Agreement provides that the Company shall lose its pre-emptive rights under
certain conditions. The Shareholders also maintain a right of first refusal if the other Shareholder receives an offer to buy such shareholder s
Ordinary Shares. 

The Agreement also requires Biolite JP to obtain
a bank facility in the amount of JPY 30,460,000 (approximately USD272,000), for its initial working capital purposes. Pursuant to the
Agreement, each Shareholder agrees to guarantee such bank facility if the bank requires a guarantee. Accordingly, the Company may be
liable for the bank facility in an amount up to JPY 14,925,400 (approximately USD134,000), which represents 49 of the maximum bank facility.
The Agreement further provides that Biolite JP shall issue annual dividends at the rate of at least 1.5 of Biolite JP s profits,
if it has sufficient cash to do so. 

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company and Biolite
JP agree to use their best efforts to execute the License Agreement by the end of December 2021. The Company agreed that any negotiation
on behalf of Biolite JP regarding the terms of the License Agreement shall be handled by the directors appointed by Lucidaim. If the
Company and such Lucidaim directors do not reach agreement on the terms, Biolite JP may at its sole discretion determine not to execute
the License Agreement without any liability to the Company. 

The Agreement contains non-solicitation and non-compete
clauses for a period of 2 years after a Shareholder or its subsidiaries ceases to be a Shareholder, with such restrictive covenants limited
to business within the ophthalmologic filed or central neurological field. Any rights to intellectual property that arise from Biolite
JP s activities, shall belong to Biolite JP. 

The Agreement contains standard indemnification
terms, except that no indemnifying party shall have any liability for an individual liability unless it exceeds JPY 500,000 (approximately
USD4,500) and until the aggregate amount of all liabilities exceeds JPY 2,000,000 (approximately USD18,000) and then only to the extent
such liability exceed such limit. 

The Company paid 150,000 towards the setup of
the joint venture and BioLite Japan s other shareholder paid 150,000 after the Letter of Intent was signed. 

The Agreement shall continue for 10 years, unless
earlier terminated and shall continue until terminated by: (i) either party by giving the other party at least 6 months written notice,
until the end of the 10 years, after which the parties can terminate at any time or (ii) or by written agreement of all Shareholders,
in which case it shall terminate automatically on the date upon which all Ordinary Shares are owned by one Shareholder. The Agreement
also allows a Shareholder to terminate the agreement upon certain defaults committed by another Shareholder, as set forth in the Agreement. 

This was a related party transaction
and was conducted at arm s length. In addition to the Company s board of directors providing approval for the Company to
enter into the Agreement, the Company s audit committee approved the Company s entry into the Agreement. The Board believes
that this joint venture will enhance the Company s ability to provide therapeutic solutions to significant unmet medical needs
and to develop innovative botanical drugs to treat central nervous system CNS and oncology/ hematology diseases. The
Company s Board of Directors believes that the joint venture has the potential to provide the Company with access to additional
early-stage product candidates that it would not otherwise have access to and to introduce the Company to early-stage opportunities,
and therefore the Board believes the joint venture is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. 

43 

Recent PPP 

On April 14, 2020, the Company received a loan
in the amount of 124,400 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP administered by the United States Small Business
Administration (the SBA from East West Bank. According to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the
 Cares Act ), PPP loan provides for forgiveness of up to the full principal amount and accrued interest if the funds are
used for payroll costs, interest on mortgages, rent, and utilities. However, at least 60 of the forgiven amount must have been used
for payroll. The loan was granted pursuant to a promissory note dated April 14, 2020 issued by the Company, which matures on April 13,
2022 and bears interest at a rate of 1.00 per annum. The Company will pay the principal in one payment of all outstanding principal
plus all accrued unpaid interest on that date that is two years after the date of the promissory note. On March 15, 2021 the US Government
approved our application of the loan forgiveness program, so there will be no obligation to pay back this loan. 

On January 29, 2021, BioKey received a loan
in the amount of 132,331 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP administered by the United States Small Business
Administration (the SBA from East West Bank. According to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the
 Cares Act ), PPP loan provides for forgiveness of up to the full principal amount and accrued interest if the funds are
used for payroll costs, interest on mortgages, rent, and utilities. However, at least 60 of the forgiven amount must have been used
for payroll. The loan was granted pursuant to a promissory note dated January 27, 2021 issued by the Company, which matures on January
28, 2026 and bears interest at a rate of 1.00 per annum. The Company will pay the principal in one payment of all outstanding principal
plus all accrued unpaid interest on that date that is five years after the date of the promissory note. In addition, on September 28,
2021, the US Government approved our application of the loan forgiveness program, so there will be no obligation to pay back this loan. 

On February 7, 2021, the Company received a loan
in the amount of 104,167 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP administered by the United States Small Business
Administration (the SBA from Cathay Bank. According to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the Cares
Act ), PPP loan provides for forgiveness of up to the full principal amount and accrued interest if the funds are used for payroll
costs, interest on mortgages, rent, and utilities. However, at least 60 of the forgiven amount must have been used for payroll. The
loan was granted pursuant to a promissory note dated February 7, 2021 issued by the Company, which matures on February 6, 2026 and bears
interest at a rate of 1.00 per annum. The Company will pay the principal in one payment of all outstanding principal plus all accrued
unpaid interest on that date that is five years after the date of the promissory note. In addition, on November 15, 2021, the US Government
approved our application of the loan forgiveness program, so there will be no obligation to pay back this loan. 

Recent
Research Results 

On May 23, 2019, the Company announced its internal
Phase II clinical study results of ABV-1504 for Major Depression Disorder MDD ). The clinical study results showed that
PDC-1421, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of ABV-1504, met the pre-specified primary endpoint of the Phase II clinical trial and
significantly improved the symptoms of MDD. 

The Phase II clinical study was a randomized,
double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center trial, in which 60 adult patients with confirmed moderate to severe MDD were treated with
PDC-1421 in either low dose (380 mg) or high dose (2 x 380 mg) compared with placebo administration, three times a day for six weeks.
PDC-1421 high dose (2 x 380 mg) met the pre-specified primary endpoint by demonstrating a highly significant 13.2-point reduction in
the Montgomery- sberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) total score by Intention-To-Treat (ITT) analysis, averaged over the 6-week
treatment period (overall treatment effect) from baseline, as compared to 9.2-point reduction of the placebo group. By Per-Protocol (PP)
analysis, PDC-1421 showed a dose dependent efficacy toward MDD in which high dose (2 x 380 mg) gave 13.4-point reduction in MADRS total
score from baseline and low dose (380 mg) gave 10.4-point reduction as compared to a 8.6-point in the placebo group. The Company has
decided to use the high dose formula in the Phase III clinical trial of ABV-1504. 

44 

On September 9, 2020 the Company issued a full
clinical study report (CSR) of Vitargus First-in-Human Phase I Clinical Trial . The safety and preliminary efficacy findings
from this study, combined with the unique properties of Vitargus (BFC-1401), are supportive of further development for its use during
vitrectomy surgery in patients requiring vitreous replacement. 

The study was an open label, Phase I study undertaken
at a single study center in Sydney, Australia. A total of 11 participants were enrolled for the study in which each participant
had been diagnosed with either (1) a complex or rhegmatogenous retinal detachment or chronic retinal detachment with failure of gas or
silicone oil treatment or (2) a vitreous hemorrhage that requires vitrectomy surgery. The study found that Vitargus was well-tolerated
as a vitreous substitute without any apparent toxicity to ocular tissues. Further, there was no indication of an increased overall safety
risk with Vitargus . 

Vitargus Phase
II Study has been initiated in Australia and Thailand, Principal Investigator: Duangnate Rojanaporn, M.D., Ramathibodi Hospital; Thuss
Sanguansak, M.D., Srinagarind Hospita l of the two Thailand sites and Professor/Dr. Matthew Simunovic, Sydney Eye Hospital; Dr.
Elvis Ojaimi, East Melbourne Eye Group East Melbourne Retina of the two Australian sites. The Phase II study will be started in
the 2 nd quarter of 2023. 

On November 9, 2020 the Company issued a full
clinical study report (CSR) of its ABV-1505 Phase II Part I clinical trial conducted at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF)
for the treatment of adult Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). 

The Phase II Part I clinical study for treating
ADHD found that the PDC-1421 Capsule was safe, well tolerated and efficacious during its treatment and the follow-up period with six
adult patients. For the primary endpoints, the percentages of improvement in Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale-Investigator
Rated-IV (ADHD-RS-IV) score from baseline to 8 weeks treatment were 83.3 (N=5) in the Intention-To-Treat (ITT) population and 80.0 
(N=4) in the Per-Protocol (PP) population. Both low and high doses of PDC-1421 Capsule met the primary end points by passing the required
40 population in ADHD-RS-IV test scores. 

Overall, the results from this study, which demonstrate
the therapeutic value of PDC-1421, support further clinical development of ABV-1505 for the treatment of adult ADHD. 

Phase II, Part 2 clinical study sites includes
UCSF and 5 locations in Taiwan.The Principal Investigators are Keith McBurnett, Ph.D. and Linda Pfiffner, Ph.D., University of California
San Francisco (UCSF), School of Medicine; Susan Shur-Fen Gau, M.D., National Taiwan University Hospital; Xinzhang Ni, M.D. Linkou Chang
Gung Memorial Hospital; Wenjun Xhou, M.D., Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital; Ton-Ping Su, M.D., Cheng Hsin General Hospital, Cheng-Ta
Li, M.D., Taipei Veterans General Hospital. The Phase II, Part 2 began in the 1 st quarter of 2022 at the 5 Taiwan sites. And
UCSF site will join the study in the 2 nd quarter of 2023. 

On November 4, 2020, we executed an amendment to our collaboration
agreement with BioFirst to add ABV-2001 Intraocular Irrigation Solution and ABV-2002 Corneal Storage Solution to our agreement. ABV-2002
is utilized during a corneal transplant procedure to replace a damaged or diseased cornea while ABV-2001 has broader utilization during
a variety of ocular procedures. 

Initially the Company will focus on ABV-2002, a solution utilized to
store a donor cornea prior to either penetrating keratoplasty (full thickness cornea transplant) or endothelial keratoplasty (back layer
cornea transplant). Designated ABV-2002 under the Company s product identification system, the solution is comprised of a specific
poly amino acid that protects ocular tissue from damage caused by external osmolarity exposure during pre-surgery storage. The specific
polymer in ABV-2002 can adjust osmolarity to maintain a range of 330 to 390 mOsM thereby permitting hydration within the corneal stroma
during the storage period. Stromal hydration results in (a) maintaining acceptable corneal transparency and (b) prevents donor cornea
swelling. ABV-2002 also contains an abundant phenolic phytochemical found in plant cell walls that provides antioxidant antibacterial
properties and neuroprotection. 

Early testing by BioFirst indicates that ABV-2002
may be more effective for protecting the cornea and retina during long-term storage than other storage media available today and can
be manufactured at lower cost. Further clinical development task was put on hold due to the lack of funding. 

45 

Public Offering Financings 

Financing in 2023 

On February 23, 2023, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the Lind Securities Purchase Agreement with Lind Global Fund II, LP Lind ),
pursuant to which the Company issued Lind a secured, convertible note in the principal amount of 3,704,167 (the Lind Offering ),
for a purchase price of 3,175,000 (the Lind Note ), that is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock
at an initial conversion price of 1.05 per share, subject to adjustment (the Note Shares ). The Company also issued Lind
a common stock purchase warrant (the Lind Warrant to purchase up to 5,291,667 shares of the Company s common stock
at an initial exercise price of 1.05 per share, subject to adjustment (each, a Warrant Share, together with the Note, Note
Shares and Warrants, the Lind Securities ). 

The Lind Note does not carry any interest. Beginning
with the date that is six months from the issuance date of the Lind Note and on each one (1) month anniversary thereafter, the Company
shall pay Lind an amount equal to 308,650.58, until the outstanding principal amount of the Lind Note has been paid in full prior to
or on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, upon acceleration, conversion or redemption of the Lind Note in accordance with the terms thereof
(the Monthly Payments ). At the Company s discretion, the Monthly Payments shall be made in (i) cash, (ii) shares
of the Company s common stock, or (iii) a combination of cash and Shares; if made in shares, the number of shares shall be determined
by dividing (x) the principal amount being paid in shares by (y) 90 of the average of the 5 lowest daily VWAPs during the 20 trading
days prior to the applicable payment date. The Lind Notes sets forth certain conditions that must be satisfied before the Company may
make any Monthly Payments in shares of common stock. If the Company makes a Monthly Payment in cash, the Company must also pay Lind a
cash premium of 5 of such Monthly Payment. 

Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (as
defined in the Lind Note), the Company must pay Lind an amount equal to 120 of the then outstanding principal amount of the Lind Note,
in addition to any other remedies under the Note or the other Transaction Documents. 

The Lind Warrant may be exercised via cashless
exercise. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Lind Securities
Purchase Agreement, if at any time prior to a date that is 18 months following the closing of the Lind Offering, the Company proposes
to offer or sell any additional securities in a subsequent financing, the Company shall first offer Lind the opportunity to purchase
up to 10 of such new securities. 

In connection with the Lind Offering, the Company
and its subsidiaries: (i) Biokey, Inc., a California corporation BioKey ), (ii) Biolite Holding, Inc., a Nevada corporation BioLite ), (iii) Biolite BVI, Inc., a British Virgin Islands corporation BioLite BVI and (iv) American
BriVision Corporation, a Delaware corporation American BriVision and, collectively with the Company, BioKey, BioLite,
and BioLite BVI, the Guarantors ), jointly and severally guaranteed all of the obligations of the Company in connection
with the Lind Offering (the Guaranty with certain collateral, as set forth in the related Transaction Documents (as hereinafter
defined). 

The sale of the Lind Note and the terms of the
Lind Offering, including the Guaranty are set forth in the Lind Securities Purchase Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, a Security Agreement,
Guarantor Security, Guaranty, a Trademark Security Agreement with Rgene Corporation, a Trademark Security Agreement with BioFirst, a
Patent Security Agreement, a Copyright Security Agreement and a Stock Pledge Agreement (collectively, the Transaction Documents ). 

Allele Capital Partners, LLC Allele together with its executing broker dealer, Wilmington Capital Securities, LLC (together with its affiliates, Wilmington ),
served as the exclusive placement agent (the Placement Agent of the Lind Offering. As a result of the Lind Offering, the
Company will pay the Placement Agent (i) a cash fee of 6 of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Securities, and (ii) common stock
purchase warrants to purchase 6 of the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Lind Note. We also agreed to pay certain
expenses of the placement agent in connection with the Lind Offering. 

Pursuant to the Lind Securities Purchase Agreement,
the Company agreed to register all of the Lind Securities and the shares of common stock underlying the warrant issued to the placement
agent. 

The Securities Purchase
Agreement also contains customary representation and warranties of the Company and the Investors, indemnification obligations of the
Company, termination provisions, and other obligations and rights of the parties. 

The foregoing description of the Transaction
Documents is qualified by reference to the full text of the forms of the Transaction Documents, which are filed as Exhibits hereto and
incorporated herein by reference. 

46 

Financing in 2022 

On May 11, 2022, the Company entered into certain
securities purchase agreement (the May SPA with certain investors (the Purchasers ). Pursuant to the May
SPA, the Company agreed to issue 2,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, at a price of 2.11 per share and 5-year warrants to purchase
up to 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock, exercisable at a price of 2.45 per share (the May Warrants to the Purchasers.
The gross proceeds before deducting any estimated offering expenses are 4,220,000. The transaction contemplated by the May SPA was closed
on May 16, 2022. 

The Company paid to the co-placement agents an
aggregate cash fee equal to 8 of the aggregate sales price of the securities sold and issued them warrants to purchase up to 160,000
shares of Common Stock, on the same terms as the May Warrants. 

Financing in 2021 

On August 5, 2021, the Company closed its public
offering (the Public Offering of 1,100,000 units (the Units ), with each Unit consisting of one share of
the Company s common stock, one Series A warrant (the Series A Warrants to purchase one share of common stock at
an exercise price equal to 6.30 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, and one Series B warrant (the
 Series B Warrants, and together with the Series A Warrants, the Public Warrants to purchase one share of
common stock at an exercise price equal to 10.00 per share, exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date; the exercise
price of the Public Warrants are subject to certain adjustment and cashless exercise provisions as described therein. The Company completed
the Public Offering pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255112), originally filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 8, 2021 (as amended, the Original Registration Statement ), that the
SEC declared effective on August 2, 2021 and the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-258404) that was filed and automatically
effective on August 4, 2021 (the S-1MEF, together with the Original Registration Statement, the Registration Statement ).
The Units were priced at 6.25 per Unit, before underwriting discounts and offering expenses, resulting in gross proceeds of 6,875,000.
The Public Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. 

Financing in November 2020 

On November 11, 2020, we conducted a closing
with regard to certain securities purchase agreements (the SPAs dated October 23, 2020, separately with two non-U.S.
investors (the Investors ). Each of the Investors agreed to purchase and the Company agreed to sell to each of the
Investors 1,111,112 shares of the Company s Common Stock, and warrants (the November Warrants to purchase
1,111,112 shares of Common Stock, for a purchase price of 2,500,000. The November Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and will expire
three years from the date of issuance. The initial exercise price of the November Warrants is 6.00, subject to stock, splits, stock
dividend and other similar events. In addition, when the closing price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for twenty
Trading Days (as defined in the SPAs) during any thirty-day period, the Company shall have the right to require the Investors to exercise
all or any portion of the November Warrants for a cash exercise. The aggregate net proceeds were 5,000,000. The Company and the Investors
further agreed to amend the terms of the SPA to permit the closing of the offering to occur on a rolling basis. 

The Company paid the following fees to a FINRA
member firm in connection with such offering: (i) a cash success fee of 175,000 and (ii) warrants to purchase a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to 7 of the number of shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering, at an exercise price per share equal to 6.00
subject to adjustment (the Comp Warrants ). The Comp Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis, at the holder s
discretion. 

Financing in October 2020 

On October 23, 2020, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the October SPA with one accredited investor. Pursuant to the October SPA, the Company sold
and issued a convertible promissory note (the October Note in the principal amount of 2,500,000 to the investor
and received the payment from such investor on October 30, 2020. 

The October Note was issued on October 23, 2020
and the maturity date of the October Note is the twenty-four (24) month anniversary from the issuance date (the Maturity Date ).
Upon the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the holder, in cash, an amount representing all outstanding principal amount and accrued
and unpaid interest under the October Note. The October Note bears an interest rate of ten percent (10 per annum and may be convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of 2.25 per share. The holder of the October Note may elect
to convert part or all of the outstanding balance of the October Note from the issuance date until the Maturity Date. The Company may
prepay the outstanding amount at any time, in whole or in part, without any penalty. On June 3, 2021, the parties to the October SPA
signed Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the Amendment, the October Note shall now
also automatically convert into shares of the Company s common stock immediately following the Company s receipt of conditional
approval to list its common stock on the NASDAQ stock market, if and when we receive such approval, which cannot be guaranteed, at a
conversion price equal to the then current conversion price. 

In connection with the October Note and pursuant
to the terms of an agreement entered into between the Company and a FINRA member firm, such firm shall receive (i) a cash success fee
of 78,750 and (ii) upon conversion of the October Note, warrants equal to 7.0 of the number of shares of Common Stock received by the
investor at the time of conversion Note Warrants ). The warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis, at the holder s
discretion. 

The issuance and sale of the Common Stock, the
Investor Warrants, Comp Warrants, Note Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Investor Warrants, the Comp Warrants and
the October Note were made in reliance on an exemption from registration contained in either Regulation D or Regulation
S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

47 

Financing in May 2020 

In May 2020, the Company received capital contributions
of approximately 1,602,040 in cash from 40 investors through private placements with the term of 2.25 per share and a free warrant
attaches with each Common stock that was purchased. The exercise price of the warrant will be at 6.00 with a mandatory exercise price
of 9.00. 

Pursuant to the terms of an agreement entered
into between the Company and a FINRA member firm, such firm shall receive (i) a cash success fee of 60,831.65 (ii) a warrant to purchase
37,852 shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of 2.25 per share, and (iii) a warrant to purchase 37,852 shares of Common Stock
with an exercise price of 6.00 per share. 

Financing in April 2020 

On January 21, 2020, the Company entered into
three note agreements with existing note investors who executed the agreements in 2018. These three investors are Guoliang Yu and Yingfei
Wei Family Trust, Keypoint Technology Ltd., and Yoshinobu Odaira. The new agreements bear the same term as other notes investors who
executed the contract in 2019. On April 5, 2020, the Company entered into exchange agreements with such note holders. Pursuant to the
exchange agreements, the Holders agreed to deliver the Notes to the Company for cancellation, of which the aggregate principal amount
plus accrued interest expenses are 931,584, and the Company agreed to issue to the Holders an aggregate of 506,297 shares of the Company s
common stock and warrants to purchase 506,297 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On August 28, 2019 and September 4, 2019, the
Company issued convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount plus accrued interest expenses are 515,196 to Kuo, Li
Shen, Chang, Ping Shan, Lin, Shan Tyan, and Liu, Ching Hsuan. On April 20, 2020, the Company entered into separate exchange agreements
with each note holder. Pursuant to the exchange agreements, the note holders agreed to cancel the notes and the Company agreed to issue
to the holders an aggregate of 289,438 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase 289,438 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

Strategy 

Key elements of our business strategy include: 

Advancing to the pivotal
 trial phase of ABV-1701 Vitargus for the treatments of Retinal Detachment or Vitreous Hemorrhage, which we expect to generate
 revenues in the future. 

Focusing on licensing ABV-1504
 for the treatment of major depressive disorder, MDD, after the successful completion of its Phase II clinical trials. 

Completing Phase II, Part
 2 clinical trial for ABV-1505 for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, ADHD. 

Out licensing drug candidates
 and medical device candidates to major pharmaceutical companies for phase III and pivotal clinical trials, as applicable, and further
 marketing if approved by the FDA. 

We plan to augment our core research and development
capability and assets by conducting Phase I and II clinical trials for investigational new drugs and medical devices in the fields of
CNS, Hematology/Oncology and Ophthalmology. 

Our management team has extensive experiences
across a wide range of new drug and medical device development and we have in-licensed new drug and medical device candidates from large
research institutes and universities in both the U.S. and Taiwan. Through an assertive product development approach, we expect that we
will build a substantial portfolio of Oncology/ Hematology, CNS and Ophthalmology products. We primarily focus on Phase I and II research
of new drug candidates and out license the post-Phase-II products to pharmaceutical companies; we do not expect to devote substantial
efforts and resources to building the disease-specific distribution channels. 

Business Objectives 

The Company is operating its core business based
on collaborative activities that can generate current and future revenues through research, development and/or commercialization joint
venture agreements. The terms of these agreements typically include payment to the Company related to one or more of the following: 

nonrefundable upfront license
 fees, 

development and commercial
 milestones, 

partial or complete reimbursement
 of research and development costs and 

royalties on net sales
 of licensed products. 

Each type of payments results in revenue except
for revenue from royalties on net sales of licensed products, which are classified as royalty revenues. To date, we have not received
any royalty revenues. Revenue is recognized upon satisfaction of a performance obligation by transferring control of a good or service
to the joint venture partner. 

48 

As part of the accounting for these arrangements,
the Company applies judgment to determine whether the performance obligations are distinct and develop assumptions in determining the
stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation identified in the collaboration agreements. To determine the stand-alone
selling price, the Company relies on assumptions which may include forecasted revenues, development timelines, reimbursement rates for
R D personnel costs, discount rates and probabilities of technical and regulatory success. 

The Company had multiple deliverables under the
collaborative agreements, including deliverables relating to grants of technology licenses, regulatory and clinical development, and
marketing activities. Estimation of the performance periods of the Company s deliverables requires the use of management s
judgment. Significant factors considered in management s evaluation of the estimated performance periods include, but are not limited
to, the Company s experience in conducting clinical development, regulatory and manufacturing activities. The Company reviews the
estimated duration of its performance periods under its collaborative agreements on an annually basis, and makes any appropriate adjustments
on a prospective basis. Future changes in estimates of the performance period under its collaborative agreements could impact the timing
of future revenue recognition. 

(i) Nonrefundable upfront payments 

If a license to the Company s intellectual
property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in an arrangement, the Company recognizes revenue
from the related nonrefundable upfront payments based on the relative standalone selling price prescribed to the license compared to
the total selling price of the arrangement. The revenue is recognized when the license is transferred to the collaboration partners and
the collaboration partners are able to use and benefit from the license. To date, the receipt of nonrefundable upfront fees was solely
for the compensation of past research efforts and contributions made by the Company before the collaborative agreements entered into
and it does not relate to any future obligations and commitments made between the Company and the collaboration partners in the collaborative
agreements. 

(ii) Milestone payments 

The Company is eligible to receive milestone
payments under the collaborative agreement with collaboration partners based on achievement of specified development, regulatory and
commercial events. Management evaluated the nature of the events triggering these contingent payments, and concluded that these events
fall into two categories: (a) events which involve the performance of the Company s obligations under the collaborative agreement
with collaboration partners, and (b) events which do not involve the performance of the Company s obligations under the collaborative
agreement with collaboration partners. 

The former category of milestone payments consists
of those triggered by development and regulatory activities in the territories specified in the collaborative agreements. Management
concluded that each of these payments constitute substantive milestone payments. This conclusion was based primarily on the facts that
(i) each triggering event represents a specific outcome that can be achieved only through successful performance by the Company of one
or more of its deliverables, (ii) achievement of each triggering event was subject to inherent risk and uncertainty and would result
in additional payments becoming due to the Company, (iii) each of the milestone payments is nonrefundable, (iv) substantial effort is
required to complete each milestone, (v) the amount of each milestone payment is reasonable in relation to the value created in achieving
the milestone, (vi) a substantial amount of time is expected to pass between the upfront payment and the potential milestone payments,
and (vii) the milestone payments relate solely to past performance. Based on the foregoing, the Company recognizes any revenue from these
milestone payments in the period in which the underlying triggering event occurs. 

(iii) Multiple Element Arrangements 

The Company evaluates multiple element arrangements
to determine (1) the deliverables included in the arrangement and (2) whether the individual deliverables represent separate units of
accounting or whether they must be accounted for as a combined unit of accounting. This evaluation involves subjective determinations
and requires management to make judgments about the individual deliverables and whether such deliverables are separate from other aspects
of the contractual relationship. Deliverables are considered separate units of accounting provided that: (i) the delivered item(s) has
value to the customer on a standalone basis and (ii) if the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered
item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable and substantially within its control. In assessing
whether an item under a collaboration has standalone value, the Company considers factors such as the research, manufacturing, and commercialization
capabilities of the collaboration partner and the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace. The Company also
considers whether its collaboration partners can use the other deliverable(s) for their intended purpose without the receipt of the remaining
element(s), whether the value of the deliverable is dependent on the undelivered item(s), and whether there are other vendors that can
provide the undelivered element(s). 

49 

The Company recognizes arrangement consideration
allocated to each unit of accounting when all of the revenue recognition criteria in ASC 606 are satisfied for that particular unit of
accounting. In the event that a deliverable does not represent a separate unit of accounting, the Company recognizes revenue from the
combined unit of accounting over the Company s contractual or estimated performance period for the undelivered elements, which
is typically the term of the Company s research and development obligations. If there is no discernible pattern of performance
or objectively measurable performance measures do not exist, then the Company recognizes revenue under the arrangement on a straight-line
basis over the period the Company is expected to complete its performance obligations. Conversely, if the pattern of performance in which
the service is provided to the customer can be determined and objectively measurable performance measures exist, then the Company recognizes
revenue under the arrangement using the proportional performance method. Revenue recognized is limited to the lesser of the cumulative
amount of payments received or the cumulative amount of revenue earned, as determined using the straight-line method or proportional
performance method, as applicable, as of the period ending date. 

At the inception of an arrangement that includes
milestone payments, the Company evaluates whether each milestone is substantive and at risk to both parties on the basis of the contingent
nature of the milestone. This evaluation includes an assessment of whether: (1) the consideration is commensurate with either the Company s
performance to achieve the milestone or the enhancement of the value of the delivered item(s) as a result of a specific outcome resulting
from its performance to achieve the milestone, (2) the consideration relates solely to past performance and (3) the consideration is
reasonable relative to all of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. The Company evaluates factors such as the scientific,
clinical, regulatory, commercial, and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone and the level of effort and
investment required to achieve the particular milestone in making this assessment. There is considerable judgment involved in determining
whether a milestone satisfies all of the criteria required to conclude that a milestone is substantive. Milestones that are not considered
substantive are recognized as earned if there are no remaining performance obligations or over the remaining period of performance, assuming
all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 

(iv) Royalties and Profit Sharing Payments 

Under the collaborative agreement with the collaboration
partners, the Company is entitled to receive royalties on sales of products, which is at certain percentage of the net sales. The Company
recognizes revenue from these events based on the revenue recognition criteria set forth in ASC 606. Based on those criteria, the Company
considers these payments to be contingent revenues, and recognizes them as revenue in the period in which the applicable contingency
is resolved. 

Revenues Derived from Research and Development
Activities Services Revenues related to research and development and regulatory activities are recognized when the related services
or activities are performed, in accordance with the contract terms. The Company typically has only one performance obligation at the
inception of a contract, which is to perform research and development services. The Company may also provide its customers with an option
to request that the Company provides additional goods or services in the future, such as active pharmaceutical ingredient, API, or IND/NDA/ANDA/510K
submissions. The Company evaluates whether these options are material rights at the inception of the contract. If the Company determines
an option is a material right, the Company will consider the option a separate performance obligation. 

If the Company is entitled to reimbursement from
its customers for specified research and development expenses, the Company accounts for the related services that it provides as separate
performance obligations if it determines that these services represent a material right. The Company also determines whether the reimbursement
of research and development expenses should be accounted for as revenues or an offset to research and development expenses in accordance
with provisions of gross or net revenue presentation. The Company recognizes the corresponding revenues or records the corresponding
offset to research and development expenses as it satisfies the related performance obligations. 

The Company then determines the transaction price
by reviewing the amount of consideration the Company is eligible to earn under the contracts, including any variable consideration. Under
the outstanding contracts, consideration typically includes fixed consideration and variable consideration in the form of potential milestone
payments. At the start of an agreement, the Company s transaction price usually consists of the payments made to or by the Company
based on the number of full-time equivalent researchers assigned to the project and the related research and development expenses incurred.
The Company does not typically include any payments that the Company may receive in the future in its initial transaction price because
the payments are not probable. The Company would reassess the total transaction price at each reporting period to determine if the Company
should include additional payments in the transaction price. 

The Company receives payments from its customers
based on billing schedules established in each contract. Upfront payments and fees may be recorded as advance from customers upon receipt
or when due, and may require deferral of revenue recognition to a future period until the Company performs its obligations under these
arrangements. Amounts are recorded as accounts receivable when the right of the Company to consideration is unconditional. The Company
does not assess whether a contract has a significant financing component if the expectation at contract inception is such that the period
between payment by the customers and the transfer of the promised goods or services to the customers will be one year or less. 

50 

Examples of collaborative agreements the Company
has entered into are as follows: 

Collaborative
agreements with BHK, a related party 

(i) 
 In February and December
 of 2015, BioLite, Inc. entered into a total of three joint venture agreements with BioHopeKing to jointly develop ABV-1501 for Triple
 Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC), ABV-1504 for MDD and ABV-1505 for ADHD. The agreements granted marketing rights to BioHopeKing for
 certain Asian countries in return for a series of milestone payments totaling 10 million in cash and equity of BioHopeKing or equity
 securities owned by BioHopeKing. 

The milestone payments are determined by a schedule
of BioLite development achievements as shown below: 

Milestone 
 Payment 
 
 Execution of BHK Co-Development Agreement 
 1,000,000 
 
 Investigational New Drug (IND) Submission 
 1,000,000 
 
 Phase II Clinical Trial Complete 
 1,000,000 
 
 Initiation of Phase III Clinical Trial 
 3,000,000 
 
 New Drug Application (NDA) Submission 
 4,000,000 
 
 Total 
 10,000,000 

(ii) In
 December of 2015, BHK paid the initial cash payment of 1 million upon the execution of the
 BHK Agreement. The Company concluded that certain deliverables are considered separate units
 of accounting as the delivered items have value to the customer on a standalone basis and
 recognized this cash payment as collaboration revenue when all research, technical, and development
 data was delivered to BHK in 2015. The payment included compensation for past research efforts
 and contributions made by BioLite Taiwan before the BHK agreement was signed and does not
 relate to any future commitments made by BioLite Taiwan and BHK in the BHK Agreement. 

(iii) In
 August 2016, the Company received the second milestone payment of 1 million, and recognized
 collaboration revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2022, the
 Company had completed the phase II clinical trial for ABV-1504 MDD on October 31, 2019, but
 has not yet completed the phase II clinical trial for ABV-1505 ADHD. 

(iv) In
 addition to the milestone payments, BioLite Inc. is entitled to receive a royalty equal
 to 12 of BHK s net sales related to ABV-1501, ABV-1504 and ABV-1505 Products. As of
 December 31, 2022, the Company has not earned royalties under the BHK Co-Development Agreement. 

(v) The
 BHK Co-Development Agreement will remain in effect for fifteen years from the date of first
 commercial sale of the Product in in Asia excluding Japan. 

Collaborative
agreement with BioLite, Inc., a related party 

The Company entered into a collaborative agreement
with BioLite, Inc. on December 29, 2015, and then entered into two addendums to such agreement, as amended and revised, (the BioLite
Agreement ). The majority shareholder of BioLite is one of the Company s subsidiaries, Mr. Jiang, the Company s Chairman
is a director of BioLite and Dr. Jiang, the Company s Chief Strategy Officer and a director, is the Chairman of BioLite. 

Pursuant to the BioLite Agreement, the Company
acquired the sole licensing rights to develop and commercialize for therapeutic purposes six compounds from BioLite. In accordance with
the terms of the Agreement, the Company shall pay BioLite (i) milestone payments of up to 100 million in cash and equity of the Company
or equity securities owned by it at various stages on a schedule dictated by BioLite s achievements of certain milestones, as set
forth in the Agreement (the Milestone Payments and (ii) a royalty payment equal to 5 of net sales of the drug products
when ABV-1501 is approved for sale in the licensed territories. If BioLite fails to reach any of the milestones in a timely manner, it
may not receive the rest of the payments from the Company. 

According to the BioLite Agreement, after Phase
II clinical trials are completed, 15 of the Milestone Payment becomes due and shall be paid in two stages: (i) 5 no later than December
31, 2021 (the December 2021 Payment and (ii) 10 no later than December 31, 2022. 

On February 12, 2022, the Company s Board
of Directors determined that the December 2021 Payment, which is equal to 5,000,000, shall be paid via the cancellation of certain outstanding
debt, in the amount of 5,000,000, that BioLite owes the Company as of December 31, 2021. 

On February 22, 2022, the parties entered into
an amendment to the BioLite Agreement allowing the Company to make all payments due under the Agreement via the forgiveness of debt,
in equal value, owed by BioLite to the Company. 

This was a related party transaction. 

51 

Co-Development agreement with Rgene Corporation,
a related party 

On May 26, 2017, the Company entered into a co-development
agreement (the Rgene Agreement with Rgene Corporation (the Rgene ), a related party under common control
by the controlling beneficiary shareholder of YuanGene Corporation and the Company (See Note 12). Pursuant to the Rgene Agreement, BriVision
and Rgene agreed to co-develop and commercialize ABV-1507 HER2/neu Positive Breast Cancer Combination Therapy, ABV-1703 Pancreatic Cancer
Combination Therapy and ABV-1527 Ovary Cancer Combination Therapy. Under the terms of the Rgene Agreement, Rgene is required to pay
the Company 3,000,000 in cash or stock of Rgene with equivalent value by August 15, 2017 as compensation of BriVision s past research
efforts and contributions made by BriVision before the Rgene Agreement was executed. The payment does not relate to any future milestones
attained by BriVision. In addition to 3,000,000, the Company is entitled to receive 50 of the future net licensing income or net sales
profit earned by Rgene. All development costs shall be equally shared by both BriVision and Rgene. 

On June 1, 2017, the Company delivered all research,
technical data and development data to Rgene pursuant to the Rgene Agreement in return for a cash payment of 450,000 and 1,530,000 common
shares of Rgene stock valued at 2,550,000, which in 2018 was accounted for using the equity method long-term investment. On December
31, 2018, the Company determined to fully write off this investment based on the Company s assessment of the severity and duration
of the impairment, and qualitative and quantitative analysis of the operating performance of the investee, adverse changes in market
conditions, the regulatory or economic environment, changes in operating structure of Rgene, additional funding requirements and Rgene s
ability to remain in business. All research projects that were initiated will be managed and funded equally by the Company and Rgene. 

The Company and Rgene signed an amendment to
the Rgene Agreement on November 10, 2020, pursuant to which both parties agreed to delete AB-1507 HER2/neu Positive Breast Cancer Combination
Therapy and AB-1527 Ovary Cancer Combination Therapy and add ABV-1519 EGFR Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Combination Therapy and
ABV-1526 Large Intestine / Colon / Rectal Cancer Combination Therapy to the products to be co-developed and commercialized. Other provisions
of the Rgene Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

Clinical Development Service Agreement
with Rgene Corporation, a related party 

On June 10, 2022, the Company its co-development
partnership with Rgene. The Company s subsidiary, BioKey, entered into a Clinical Development Service Agreement with Rgene Service
Agreement to guide certain Rgene drug products, RGC-1501 for the treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), RGC-1502 for
the treatment of pancreatic cancer and RGC 1503 for the treatment of colorectal cancer patients, through completion of Phase II clinical
studies under U.S. FDA IND regulatory requirements (the Rgene Studies ). Under the terms of the Service Agreement, BioKey
is eligible to receive payments totaling up to 3.0 million over a 3-year period with each payment amount to be determined by certain
regulatory milestones obtained during the agreement period. 

Through a series of transactions over the past
5 years, the Company and Rgene have co-developed the three drug products covered by the Service Agreement, which has resulted in the
Company owning 31.62 of Rgene. 

As
part of the Rgene Studies, the Company agreed to loan 1.0 million to Rgene, for which Rgene has provided the Company with a 5 working
capital convertible loan (the Note ). If the Note is fully converted, the Company will own an additional 6.4 of Rgene.
The Company is expected to receive the outstanding loan from the related party by the 2023 Q1, either by cash or conversion of shares
of Rgene. The Company may convert the Note at any time into
shares of Rgene s common stock at either (i) a fixed conversion price equal to 1.00 per share or (ii) 20 discount of the stock
price of the then most recent offering, whichever is lower; the conversion price is subject to adjustment as set forth in the Note. The
Note includes standard events of default, as well as a cross default provision pursuant to which a breach of the Service Agreement will
trigger an event of default under the Note if not cured after 5 business days of written notice regarding the breach is provided. Upon
an event of default, the outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest shall be immediately due and payable. 

The Service Agreement shall remain in effect
until the expiration date of the last patent and automatically renew for 5 more years unless terminated earlier by either party with
six months written notice. Either party may terminate the Service Agreement for cause by providing 30 days written notice. 

Rgene has further agreed, effective July 1, 2022,
to provide the Company with a seat on Rgene s Board of Directors until the loan is repaid in full. The Company has nominated Dr.
Jiang, its Chief Strategy Officer and Director to occupy that seat; Dr. Jiang is also one of the Company s largest shareholders,
owning 12.8 of the Company. 

The Rgene Studies is a related party transaction. 

52 

Collaborative agreement with BioFirst Corporation,
a related party 

On July 24, 2017, the Company entered into a
collaborative agreement (the BioFirst Agreement with BioFirst Corporation, a corporation incorporated under the laws of
Taiwan BioFirst ), pursuant to which BioFirst granted the Company global licensing rights to medical use of ABV-1701 Vitreous
Substitute for Vitrectomy. BioFirst is a related party to the Company because a controlling beneficiary shareholder of YuanGene Corporation
and the Company is a Director and shareholders of BioFirst (See Note 12). 

Pursuant to the BioFirst Agreement, the Company
and BioFirst will co-develop and commercialize BFC-1401. The Company will pay BioFirst a total amount of 3,000,000 in cash or stock
of the Company before September 30, 2018 as payment in full for BioFirst s past research efforts and contributions made by BioFirst
before the BioFirst Agreement was executed. The Company is entitled to receive 50 of any future net licensing revenue or net profit
associated with Vitargus . All development cost will be equally shared by both BriVision and BioFirst. 

On September 25, 2017, BioFirst delivered all
research, technical, data and development data to the Company. For the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company determined to fully
expense the entire amount of 3,000,000 since the related licensing rights do not have alternative future uses. According to ASC 730-10-25-1,
absent alternative future uses the acquisition of product rights to be used in research and development activities must be charged to
research and development expenses immediately. Hence, the entire amount of 3,000,000 is fully expensed as research and development expense
during the year ended September 30, 2017. 

On June 30, 2019, the Company entered into a
Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with BioFirst. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued
428,571 shares of the Company s common stock to BioFirst as payment for 3,000,000 owed by the Company to BioFirst in connection
with the BioFirst Agreement. 

On August 5, 2019, the Company entered into a
second Stock Purchase Agreement with BioFirst whereby the Company issued 414,702 shares of the Company s common stock to BioFirst
as repayment in full for a loan in the amount of 2,902,911 provided to BriVision from BioFirst. 

On November 4, 2020, the Company executed an
amendment to the BioFirst Agreement with BioFirst to add ABV-2001 Intraocular Irrigation Solution and ABV-2002 Corneal Storage Solution
to the agreement. ABV-2002 is utilized during a corneal transplant procedure to replace a damaged or diseased cornea while ABV-2001 has
broader utilization during a variety of ocular procedures. 

Initially the Company will focus on ABV-2002,
a solution utilized to store a donor cornea prior to either penetrating keratoplasty (full thickness cornea transplant) or endothelial
keratoplasty (back layer cornea transplant). ABV-2002 is a solution comprised of a specific poly amino acid that protects ocular tissue
from damage caused by external osmolarity exposure during pre-surgery storage. The specific polymer in ABV-2002 can adjust osmolarity
to maintain a range of 330 to 390 mOsM thereby permitting hydration within the corneal stroma during the storage period. Stromal hydration
results in (a) maintaining acceptable corneal transparency and (b) prevents donor cornea swelling. ABV-2002 also contains an abundant
phenolic phytochemical found in plant cell walls that provides antioxidant antibacterial properties and neuroprotection. 

Early testing by BioFirst indicates that ABV-2002
may be more effective for protecting the cornea and retina during long-term storage than other storage media available today and can
be manufactured at lower cost. Further clinical development was put on hold due to the lack of funding. 

In
addition, BioFirst was incorporated on November 7, 2006, focusing on the R D, manufacturing, and sales of innovative patented pharmaceutical
products. The technology of BioFirst comes from the global exclusive licensing agreements BioFirst maintains with domestic R D institutions.
Currently, BioFirst s main research and development product is the vitreous substitute (Vitargus ), licensed by the National
Health Research Institutes. Vitargus is the world s first bio-degradable vitreous substitute and offers a number of advantages over
current vitreous substitutes by minimizing medical complications and reducing the need for additional surgeries. 

Vitargus has started the construction of a GMP factory in Hsinchu Biomedical
Science Park, Taiwan, with the aim at building a production base to supply the global market, and promote the construction of bio-degradable
vitreous substitute manufacturing centers in Taiwan. Completion of this factory would allow ABVC to manufacture Vitargus with world-class
technology in a GMP certified pharmaceutical factory. BioFirst is targeting to complete the construction in 2024. 

Co-Development
agreement with BioLite Japan K.K., a related party 

On October 6, 2021 (the Completion
Date ), the Company, Lucidaim Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation Lucidaim , together with the Company,
the Shareholders ), and BioLite Japan K.K., a Japanese corporation Biolite JP entered into
a Joint Venture Agreement (the Agreement ). Biolite is a private limited company (a Japanese Kabushiki
Kaisha incorporated on December 18, 2018 and at the date of the Agreement has 10,000 ordinary shares authorized, with 3,049
ordinary shares issued and outstanding (the Ordinary Shares ). Immediately prior to the execution of the
Agreement, Lucidaim owned 1,501 ordinary shares and the Company owned the 1,548 ordinary shares. The Shareholders entered into the
joint venture to formally reduce to writing their desire to invest in and operate Biolite as a joint venture. The business of the
joint venture shall be the research and development of drugs, medical device and digital media, investment, fund running and
consulting, distribution and marketing of supplements carried on by Biolite and its subsidiaries in Japan, or any other territory or
businesses as may from time to time be agreed by an amendment to the Agreement. The closing of the transaction is conditioned upon
the approval and receipt of all necessary government approvals, which have been received. 

53 

Pursuant to the Agreement and the related share
transfer agreement, the Company shall transfer 54 of its Ordinary Shares to Lucidaim for no consideration, such that following the transfer,
Lucidaim shall own 1,555 Ordinary Shares (51 and the Company shall own 1,494 Ordinary Shares (49 ). Also pursuant to the Agreement,
there shall be 3 directors of Biolite, consisting of 1 director appointed by the Company and 2 appointed by Lucidiam. The Company shall
appoint Eugene Jiang, the Company s current Chairman and Chief Business Officer and Lucidaim shall appoint Michihito Onishi; the
current director of Biolite, Toru Seo (who is also a director of BioLite Japan s other shareholder), is considered the second Lucidaim
director. The Agreement further provides that the Company and Biolite shall assign the research collaboration and license agreement between
them to Biolite or prepare the same (the License Agreement ). The aforementioned transactions occurred on the Completion
Date. 

As per the Agreement, the Shareholders shall
supervise and manage the business and operations of Biolite. The directors shall not be entitled to any renumeration for their services
as a director and each Shareholder can remove and replace the director he/she/it appointed. If a Shareholder sells or disposes of all
of its Ordinary Shares, the director such Shareholder appointed must tender his/her resignation. The Agreement also sets forth certain
corporate actions that must be pre-approved by all Shareholders (the Reserved Matters ). If the Shareholders are
unable to make a decision on any Reserved Matter, then either Shareholder can submit a deadlock notice to the other shareholder, 5 days
after which they must refer the matter to each Shareholder s chairman and use good faith to resolve the dispute. If such dispute
is not resolved within 10 days thereafter, then either Shareholder can offer to buy all of the other Shareholder s Ordinary Shares
for cash at a specified price; if there is not affirmative acceptance of the sale, the sale shall proceed as set forth in the sale offer. 

Each of the Shareholders maintains a pre-emptive
right to purchase such number of additional Ordinary Shares as would allow such Shareholder to maintain its ownership percentage in Biolite
if Biolite issues any new Ordinary Shares. However, the Agreement provides that the Company shall lose its pre-emptive rights under certain
conditions. The Shareholders also maintain a right of first refusal if the other Shareholder receives an offer to buy such shareholder s
Ordinary Shares. 

The Agreement also requires Biolite to obtain
a bank facility in the amount of JPY 30,460,000 (approximately USD272,000), for its initial working capital purposes. Pursuant to the
Agreement, each Shareholder agrees to guarantee such bank facility if the bank requires a guarantee. Accordingly, the Company may be
liable for the bank facility in an amount up to JPY 14,925,400 (approximately USD134,000), which represents 49 of the maximum bank facility.
The Agreement further provides that Biolite shall issue annual dividends at the rate of at least 1.5 of Biolite s profits, if
it has sufficient cash to do so. 

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company and Biolite agree to use their best efforts to execute the License Agreement by the end of December 2021.
The Company agreed that any negotiation on behalf of Biolite regarding the terms of the License Agreement shall be handled by the directors
appointed by Lucidaim. If the Company and such Lucidaim directors do not reach agreement on the terms, Biolite may at its sole discretion
determine not to execute the License Agreement without any liability to the Company. 

The Agreement contains non-solicitation and non-compete
clauses for a period of 2 years after a Shareholder or its subsidiaries ceases to be a Shareholder, with such restrictive covenants limited
to business within the ophthalmologic filed or central neurological field. Any rights to intellectual property that arise from Biolite s
activities, shall belong to Biolite JP. 

The Agreement contains standard indemnification
terms, except that no indemnifying party shall have any liability for an individual liability unless it exceeds JPY 500,000 (approximately
USD4,500) and until the aggregate amount of all liabilities exceeds JPY 2,000,000 (approximately USD18,000) and then only to the extent
such liability exceed such limit. 

The Company paid 150,000 towards the setup of
the joint venture; BioLite Japan s other shareholder also paid 150,000 after the Letter of Intent was signed. 

The Agreement shall continue for 10 years, unless
earlier terminated. The Agreement also allows a Shareholder to terminate the agreement upon certain defaults committed by another Shareholder,
as set forth in the Agreement. 

This was a related party transaction. 

In November 2021, the Company received 4,244,452
in gross proceeds from the exercise of warrants issued in the Company s August 3, 2021, public offering of securities. Investors
exercised a total of 673,405 Series A warrants at a price of 6.30 per share, and 200 Series B warrants at a price of 10 per share. 

54 

BioKey Revenues 

In addition to collaborative agreements, ABVC
earns revenue through its wholly owned BioKey subsidiary which provides a wide range of Contract Development Manufacturing Organization CDMO services including API characterization, pre-formulation studies, formulation development, analytical method development,
stability studies, IND/NDA/ANDA/510K submissions, and manufacturing clinical trial materials (from Phase I through Phase III) and commercial
manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. 

In addition, BioKey provides a variety of regulatory
services tailored to the needs of its customers, which include proofreading and regulatory review of submission documents related to
formulation development, clinical trials, marketed products, generics, nutraceuticals and OTC products and training presentations. In
addition to supporting ABVC s new drug development, BioKey submits INDs, NDAs, ANDAs, and DMFs to the FDA, on ABVC s behalf
in compliance with new electronic submission guidelines of the FDA. 

Impact of COVID-19 Outbreak 

On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization
declared the coronavirus outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern and on March 10, 2020, declared it
to be a pandemic. Actions taken around the world to help mitigate the spread of the coronavirus include restrictions on travel, and quarantines
in certain areas, and forced closures for certain types of public places and businesses. The coronavirus and actions taken to mitigate
it have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including
the geographical area in which the Company operates. While the closures and limitations on movement, domestically and internationally,
are expected to be temporary, if the outbreak continues on its current trajectory the duration of the supply chain disruption could reduce
the availability, or result in delays, of materials or supplies to and from the Company, which in turn could materially interrupt the
Company s business operations. Given the speed and frequency of the continuously evolving developments with respect to this pandemic,
the Company cannot reasonably estimate the magnitude of the impact to its consolidated results of operations. We have taken every precaution
possible to ensure the safety of our employees. 

Due
to the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenue for the fiscal 2021 and 2022 were significantly impacted. As we have not seen a stronger signal
to indicate that overall global economies will be back to normal in the first half of fiscal 2023, our business s overall revenue
stream may be impacted further until the restrictions of COVID-19 can be released, after which we expect the Company can resume normal
operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, including variants,
has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, elements of our CDMO business sector. The COVID-19 pandemic
government imposed restrictions constrained researcher access to labs globally. These constraints limited scientific discovery capacity
and we observed that demand in those labs fell well below historic levels. As constraints on social distancing were gradually lifted
around the world recently, labs have been able to increase research activity. While we believe that underlying demand is still not yet
at pre-COVID-19 levels since lab operations remain below their normal capacity, we are hopeful that the vaccination programs
that are underway combined with policy changes planned for the summer will further increase research activity and support a return to pre-COVID-19 demand
levels worldwide. 

The global pandemic of COVID-19 continues to
evolve rapidly, and we will continue to monitor the situation closely, including its potential effect on our plans and timelines. 

Additionally, it is reasonably possible that
estimates made in the financial statements have been, or will be, materially and adversely impacted in the near term as a result of these
conditions, including losses on inventory; impairment losses related to goodwill and other long-lived assets and current obligations. 

55 

Summary of Critical Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (the U.S. GAAP ).
All significant intercompany transactions and account balances have been eliminated. 

This basis of accounting involves the application
of accrual accounting and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when earned, and expenses and losses are recognized when incurred.
The Company s financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars. 

Fiscal Year 

The Company changed its fiscal year from the
period beginning on October 1st and ending on September 30th to the period beginning on January 1st and ending on December 31st, beginning
January 1, 2018. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ materially from
those results. 

Inventory 

Inventory consists of raw materials, work-in-process,
finished goods, and merchandise. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and valued on a moving weighted average cost basis.
Market is determined based on net realizable value. The Company periodically reviews the age and turnover of its inventory to determine
whether any inventory has become obsolete or has declined in value, and incurs a charge to operations for known and anticipated inventory
obsolescence. 

Forward Stock Split 

On March 21, 2016, the Board of Directors of
the Company approved an amendment to Articles of Incorporation to effect a forward split at a ratio of 1 to 3.141 and increase the number
of our authorized shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, to 360,000,000, which was effective on April 8, 2016. 

Stock Reverse Split 

On March 12, 2019, the Board of Directors of
the Company by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting approved to i) effect a stock reverse split at the ratio of 1-for-18 (the
 Reverse Split of both the authorized common stock of the Company (the Common Stock and the issued and outstanding
Common Stock and ii) to amend the articles of incorporation of the Company to reflect the Reverse Split. The Board approved and authorized
the Reverse Split without obtaining approval of the Company s shareholders pursuant to Section 78.207 of Nevada Revised Statutes.
On May 3, 2019, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Company s articles of incorporation (the Amendment to effect the Reverse Split with the Secretary of State of Nevada. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA informed the Company that the Reverse Split was effective on May 8, 2019. All shares and related financial information in this Form 10-Q
reflect this 1-for-18 reverse stock split. 

56 

Fair Value Measurements 

FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements 
defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value, establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments
to base fair value on exit price, maximize the use of observable units and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to determine the exit
price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases
the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and related disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing
the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect
the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent
of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes
the inputs into three broad levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: 

Level 1 - Inputs are quoted
 prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.
 Valuation of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active
 markets that are readily and regularly available. 

Level 2 - Inputs other
 than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date, such as quoted
 prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can
 be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 - Valuations based
 on inputs that are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally
 determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market
 participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

The carrying values of certain assets and liabilities
of the Company, such as cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, due from related parties, inventory, prepaid
expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and due to related parties approximate fair value due to their
relatively short maturities. The carrying value of the Company s short-term bank loan, convertible notes payable, and accrued interest
approximates their fair value as the terms of the borrowing are consistent with current market rates and the duration to maturity is
short. The carrying value of the Company s long-term bank loan approximates fair value because the interest rates approximate market
rates that the Company could obtain for debt with similar terms and maturities. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s cash and cash equivalents amounted 85,265and 5,828,548, respectively. Some of the Company s
cash deposits are held in financial institutions located in Taiwan where there is currently regulation mandated on obligatory insurance
of bank accounts. The Company believes this financial institution is of high credit quality. 

Restricted Cash Equivalents 

Restricted cash equivalents primarily consist
of cash held in a reserve bank account in Taiwan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s restricted cash equivalents amounted
 1,306,463 and 736,667, respectively. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

The Company s financial instruments that
are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The Company places its cash and temporary
cash investments in high quality credit institutions, but these investments may be in excess of Taiwan Central Deposit Insurance Corporation
and the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s insurance limits. The Company does not enter into financial instruments for
hedging, trading or speculative purposes. 

We perform ongoing credit evaluation of our customers
and requires no collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on a review of the collectability of accounts receivable.
We determine the amount of allowance for doubtful accounts by examining its historical collection experience and current trends in the
credit quality of its customers as well as its internal credit policies. Actual credit losses may differ from our estimates. 

Revenue Recognition 

During the fiscal year 2018, the Company adopted
Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), Topic 606 (ASC 606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers, using the modified
retrospective method to all contracts that were not completed as of January 1, 2018, and applying the new revenue standard as an adjustment
to the opening balance of accumulated deficit at the beginning of 2018 for the cumulative effect. The results for the Company s
reporting periods beginning on and after January 1, 2018 are presented under ASC 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and
continue to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for the prior period. Based on the Company s review of existing
collaborative agreements as of January 1, 2018, the Company concluded that the adoption of the new guidance did not have a significant
change on the Company s revenue during all periods presented. 

57 

Pursuant to ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue
when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects
to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines is
within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify
the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only
applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration the Company is entitled
to in exchange for the goods or services the Company transfers to the customers. At inception of the contract, once the contract is determined
to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract, determines those that are
performance obligations, and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount
of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment is carried at cost net
of accumulated depreciation. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Expenditures that improve the functionality of the related
asset or extend the useful life are capitalized. When property and equipment is retired or otherwise disposed of, the related gain or
loss is included in operating income. Leasehold improvements are depreciated on the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining
lease term or estimated useful life of the asset. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method, including property and equipment
under capital leases, generally based on the following useful lives: 

Estimated Life 
 in Years 

Buildings and
 leasehold improvements 

5 ~ 50 

Machinery and equipment 

5 ~ 10 

Office equipment 

3 ~ 6 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company has adopted Accounting Standards
Codification subtopic 360-10, Property, Plant and Equipment ASC 360-10 ). ASC 360-10 requires that long-lived assets and
certain identifiable intangibles held and used by the Company be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment annually
or more often if events and circumstances warrant. Events relating to recoverability may include significant unfavorable changes in business
conditions, recurring losses, or a forecasted inability to achieve break-even operating results over an extended period. Should impairment
in value be indicated, the carrying value of intangible assets will be adjusted, based on estimates of future discounted cash flows resulting
from the use and ultimate disposition of the asset. ASC 360-10 also requires assets to be disposed of be reported at the lower of the
carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell. 

Long-term Equity Investment 

The Company acquires the equity investments to
promote business and strategic objectives. The Company accounts for non-marketable equity and other equity investments for which the
Company does not have control over the investees as: 

Equity method investments
 when the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. Its proportionate share of
 the income or loss is recognized monthly and is recorded in gains (losses) on equity investments. 

Non-marketable cost method
 investments when the equity method does not apply. 

Significant judgment is required to identify
whether an impairment exists in the valuation of the Company s non-marketable equity investments, and therefore the Company considers
this a critical accounting estimate. Its yearly analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant
impact on the investee s fair value. Qualitative analysis of its investments involves understanding the financial performance and
near-term prospects of the investee, changes in general market conditions in the investee s industry or geographic area, and the
management and governance structure of the investee. Quantitative assessments of the fair value of its investments are developed using
the market and income approaches. The market approach includes the use of comparable financial metrics of private and public companies
and recent financing rounds. The income approach includes the use of a discounted cash flow model, which requires significant estimates
regarding the investees revenue, costs, and discount rates. The Company s assessment of these factors in determining whether
an impairment exists could change in the future due to new developments or changes in applied assumptions. 

58 

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 

The Company s long-term equity investments
are subject to a periodic impairment review. Impairments affect earnings as follows: 

Marketable equity securities
 include the consideration of general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the fair value is below cost, and our ability
 and intent to hold the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery of value in the foreseeable future. The Company
 also considers specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and the business outlook for, the investee, which
 may include industry and sector performance, changes in technology, operational and financing cash flow factors, and changes in the
 investee s credit rating. The Company records other-than-temporary impairments on marketable equity securities and marketable
 equity method investments in gains (losses) on equity investments. 

Non-marketable equity investments based on the Company s assessment of the severity and duration of the impairment, and qualitative and quantitative analysis of the operating performance of the investee; adverse changes in market conditions and the regulatory or economic environment; changes in operating structure or management of the investee; additional funding requirements; and the investee s ability to remain in business. A series of operating losses of an investee or other factors may indicate that a decrease in value of the investment has occurred that is other than temporary and that shall be recognized even though the decrease in value is in excess of what would otherwise be recognized by application of the equity method. A loss in value of an investment that is other than a temporary decline shall be recognized. Evidence of a loss in value might include, but would not necessarily be limited to, absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity that would justify the carrying amount of the investment. The Company records other-than-temporary impairments for non-marketable cost method investments and equity method investments in gains (losses) on equity investments. Other-than-temporary impairments of equity investments were 0 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Goodwill 

The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment
annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. In
testing goodwill for impairment, the Company may elect to utilize a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment
is more likely than not, the Company performs a two-step impairment test. The Company tests goodwill for impairment under the two-step
impairment test by first comparing the book value of net assets to the fair value of the reporting units. If the fair value is determined
to be less than the book value or qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, a second step
is performed to compute the amount of impairment as the difference between the estimated fair value of goodwill and the carrying value.
The Company estimates the fair value of the reporting units using discounted cash flows. Forecasts of future cash flows are based on
our best estimate of future net sales and operating expenses, based primarily on expected category expansion, pricing, market segment
share, and general economic conditions. 

The
Company completed the required testing of goodwill for impairment as of December 31, 2022, and determined that goodwill was impaired
because of the current financial condition of the Company and the Company s inability to generate future operating income without
substantial sales volume increases, which are highly uncertain. Furthermore, the Company anticipates future cash flows indicate that
the recoverability of goodwill is not reasonably assured. 

Research and Development Expenses 

The Company accounts for the cost of using licensing
rights in research and development cost according to ASC Topic 730-10-25-1. This guidance provides that absent alternative future uses
the acquisition of product rights to be used in research and development activities must be charged to research and development expenses
when incurred. 

The Company accounts for R D costs in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 730, Research and Development ASC 730 ). Research and development
expenses are charged to expense as incurred unless there is an alternative future use in other research and development projects or otherwise.
Research and development expenses are comprised of costs incurred in performing research and development activities, including personnel-related
costs, facilities-related overhead, and outside contracted services including clinical trial costs, manufacturing and process development
costs for both clinical and preclinical materials, research costs, and other consulting services. Non-refundable advance payment for
goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities are expensed when the activity has been performed
or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. In instances where the Company enters into agreements with
third parties to provide research and development services, costs are expensed as services are performed. 

Post-retirement and post-employment benefits 

The Company s subsidiaries in Taiwan adopted
the government mandated defined contribution plan pursuant to the Labor Pension Act (the Act in Taiwan. Such labor regulations
require that the rate of contribution made by an employer to the Labor Pension Fund per month shall not be less than 6 of the worker s
monthly salaries. Pursuant to the Act, the Company makes monthly contribution equal to 6 of employees salaries to the employees 
pension fund. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee
benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were 13,031 and 11,375 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other
than the above, the Company does not provide any other post-retirement or post-employment benefits. 

59 

Stock-based Compensation 

The
Company measures expense associated with all employee stock-based compensation awards using a fair value method and recognizes such expense
in the consolidated financial statements on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
718 Compensation-Stock Compensation . Total employee stock-based compensation expenses were 1,241,930 and 2,675,205 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company accounted for stock-based compensation
to non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation and FASB ASC Topic 505-50 Equity-Based
Payments to Non-Employees which requires that the cost of services received from non-employees is measured at fair value at the
earlier of the performance commitment date or the date service is completed and recognized over the period the service is provided. Total
non-employee stock-based compensation expenses were 5,794,848 and 2,631,550 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Beneficial Conversion Feature 

From time to time, the Company may issue convertible
notes that may contain an imbedded beneficial conversion feature. A beneficial conversion feature exists on the date a convertible note
is issued when the fair value of the underlying common stock to which the note is convertible into is in excess of the remaining unallocated
proceeds of the note after first considering the allocation of a portion of the note proceeds to the fair value of the warrants, if related
warrants have been granted. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature is recorded as a debt discount with a corresponding
amount to additional paid in capital. The debt discount is amortized to interest expense over the life of the note using the effective
interest method. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes using the
asset and liability approach which allows the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets to be based upon the likelihood of realization
of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax
purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will expire before the
Company is able to realize their benefits, or future deductibility is uncertain. 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would
be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process.
The first step is to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the
resolution of any related appeals or litigations based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a tax
position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of benefits recognized in the financial statements. A
tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent
period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should
be de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer satisfied. Penalties and interest
incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in the year incurred. No significant penalty or interest
relating to income taxes has been incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
GAAP also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosures
and transition. 

On December 22, 2017, the SEC issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin SAB 118 ), which provides guidance on accounting for tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement
period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740.
In accordance with SAB 118, a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of the Act for which the accounting under
ASC 740 is complete. To the extent that a company s accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act is incomplete but
it is able to determine a reasonable estimate, it must record a provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements. If a
company cannot determine a provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements, it should continue to apply ASC 740 on the
basis of the provision of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the Tax Act. While the Company is able
to make reasonable estimates of the impact of the reduction in corporate rate and the deemed repatriation transition tax, the final impact
of the Tax Act may differ from these estimates, due to, among other things, changes in our interpretations and assumptions, additional
guidance that may be issued by the I.R.S., and actions the Company may take. The Company is continuing to gather additional information
to determine the final impact. 

60 

Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets 

A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the
Company s deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. In assessing the need for the valuation
allowance, management considers, among other things, projections of future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies. If the Company determines that sufficient negative evidence exists, then it will consider recording a valuation allowance
against a portion or all of the deferred tax assets in that jurisdiction. If, after recording a valuation allowance, the Company s
projections of future taxable income and other positive evidence considered in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance prove, with
the benefit of hindsight, to be inaccurate, it could prove to be more difficult to support the realization of its deferred tax assets.
As a result, an additional valuation allowance could be required, which would have an adverse impact on its effective income tax rate
and results. Conversely, if, after recording a valuation allowance, the Company determines that sufficient positive evidence exists in
the jurisdiction in which the valuation allowance was recorded, it may reverse a portion or all of the valuation allowance in that jurisdiction.
In such situations, the adjustment made to the deferred tax asset would have a favorable impact on its effective income tax rate and
results in the period such determination was made. 

Loss Per Share of Common Stock 

The Company calculates net loss per share in
accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share . Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic loss per share except
that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential
common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Diluted earnings per share excludes all dilutive
potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company has adopted ASC Topic 450 Contingencies 
subtopic 20, in determining its accruals and disclosures with respect to loss contingencies. Accordingly, estimated losses from loss
contingencies are accrued by a charge to income when information available before financial statements are issued or are available to
be issued indicates that it is probable that an assets had been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial
statements and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred.
If a loss contingency is not probable or reasonably estimable, disclosure of the loss contingency is made in the financial statements
when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss could be incurred. 

Foreign-currency Transactions 

For the Company s subsidiaries in Taiwan,
the foreign-currency transactions are recorded in New Taiwan dollars NTD at the rates of exchange in effect when the
transactions occur. Gains or losses resulting from the application of different foreign exchange rates when cash in foreign currency
is converted into New Taiwan dollars, or when foreign-currency receivables or payables are settled, are credited or charged to income
in the year of conversion or settlement. On the balance sheet dates, the balances of foreign-currency assets and liabilities are restated
at the prevailing exchange rates and the resulting differences are charged to current income except for those foreign currencies denominated
investments in shares of stock where such differences are accounted for as translation adjustments under the Statements of Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit). 

Translation Adjustment 

The accounts of the Company s subsidiaries
in Taiwan were maintained, and their financial statements were expressed, in New Taiwan Dollar NT ). Such financial statements
were translated into U.S. Dollars or USD in accordance ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters ,
with the NT as the functional currency. According to the Statement, all assets and liabilities are translated at the current exchange
rate, shareholder s deficit are translated at the historical rates and income statement items are translated at an average exchange
rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of shareholders 
equity (deficit). 

61 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own
Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ).
ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for convertible debt by eliminating the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models.
Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, convertible debt, unless issued with a substantial premium or an embedded conversion feature that is not
clearly and closely related to the host contract, will no longer be allocated between debt and equity components. This modification will
reduce the issue discount and result in less non-cash interest expense in financial statements. ASU 2020-06 also updates the earnings
per share calculation and requires entities to assume share settlement when the convertible debt can be settled in cash or shares. For
contracts in an entity s own equity, the type of contracts primarily affected by ASU 2020-06 are freestanding and embedded features
that are accounted for as derivatives under the current guidance due to a failure to meet the settlement assessment by removing the requirements
to (i) consider whether the contract would be settled in registered shares, (ii) consider whether collateral is required to be posted,
and (iii) assess shareholder rights. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted,
but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and only if adopted as of the beginning of such fiscal year. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings
Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic
718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain
Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options ASU 2021-04 ). ASU 2021-04 provides guidance
as to how an issuer should account for a modification of the terms or conditions or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written
call option (i.e., a warrant) that remains classified after modification or exchange as an exchange of the original instrument for a
new instrument. An issuer should measure the effect of a modification or exchange as the difference between the fair value of the modified
or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification or exchange and then apply a recognition model
that comprises four categories of transactions and the corresponding accounting treatment for each category (equity issuance, debt origination,
debt modification, and modifications unrelated to equity issuance and debt origination or modification). ASU 2021-04 is effective for
all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity should
apply the guidance provided in ASU 2021-04 prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring on or after the effective date. Early
adoption is permitted for all entities, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity elects to early adopt ASU 2021-04 in an
interim period, the guidance should be applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Estimates and Assumptions 

In preparing our consolidated financial statements,
we use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures. Our estimates are often based on complex judgments,
probabilities and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. We are also subject
to other risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from estimated amounts. 

Results
of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021. 

Revenues. We generated 969,783
and 355,797 in revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 613,986, or approximately 173 ,
was primarily caused by the increase in contract services with Rgene. 

Operating Expenses . Our operating expenses
were 15,797,780 in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 12,056,679 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase in
operating expenses was mainly attributable to the increase in stock-based compensation and selling, general and administrative expenses
by 2,051,449 which relates to costs in conjunction with our public offering and our recent stock issuances, as well as increasing research
and development expenses of 1,689,652 to continue to develop our pipeline. 

Other Income (expense). The
other expense was 400,158 in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to other income of 495,141 in the year ended December 31,
2021. The change was principally caused by the increase in interest expense, while being offset by the increase in interest income for
the year ended December 31, 2022, and loss on investment in equity securities and decrease in government grant income for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Interest income (expense),
net, was (106,151) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to (184,014) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of
 77,863, or approximately 42 , was primarily due to the repayment of convertible notes payable during the year ended 2021. 

Government grant income was 0 for the year ended December 31,
2022 as compared to 360,898 for year ended December 31, 2021, which was recorded as receipt of the PPP Forgiveness by the government. 

Net Loss. The net loss was
 16,312,374 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 12,035,851 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company s net
loss increased by 4,276,523 or approximately 36 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2021. 

62 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working Capital 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Current Assets 
 2,987,247 
 7,653,782 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 5,819,529 
 3,692,312 
 
 Working (Deficit) Capital 
 (2,832,282 
 3,691,470 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the net cash used in operating activities were 7,398,391) and 7,597,719), respectively. The decrease in the amount of 199,328 was
primarily due to the increased net loss, account receivables, due from related parties, prepaid expenses, stock-based compensation, accrued
expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by the decrease of gain on sales of investment in equity securities, government
grant income, and investment loss; and by the increase of deferred tax during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the net cash used in investing activities were 1,721,684 and 805,966, respectively. The increase in the amount of 915,718 was primarily
due to the decrease in net proceeds from sale of investment occurred in 2020, and increase in prepayment for equity investment and purchase
of equipment during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the net cash provided by financing activities were 4,013,925 and 9,995,550, respectively. The net cash provided by financing activities
decreased by 5,981,625, due to the increase in proceeds from short-term loans, partially offset by the decrease in issuance of common
stock through up-list, as well as decrease in payment of offering costs, repayment of convertible notes and notes payable, and proceeds
from long-term loans during the year ended December 31, 2021 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

63 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
thereto and the report of WWC P.C. CPA, our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on pages F-1 through F-35 of
this Report. 

PAGE 
 F-2 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 1171) 

PAGE 
 F-4 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021. 

PAGE 
 F-5 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021. 

PAGE 
 F-6 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021. 

PAGES 
 F-7 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021. 

PAGES 
 F-8 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

ABVC BioPharma, Inc. and subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of ABVC BioPharma, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operation and comprehensive loss, cash flows, stockholders equity (deficit), and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis of Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company incurred
substantial losses during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit and net
cash outflows from operating activities. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, these factors gave rise to substantial doubt that the Company
would continue as a going concern. Management closely monitors the Company s financial position and has prepared a plan that is
found in Note 1 that addresses this substantial doubt. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of our management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing
separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Long-term investments 

As described in Note 6 of the financial statements,
certain of the Company s investments are entered into and governed by complex agreements. The terms and conditions of the agreement
will dictate the proper categorization and recognition of these investments in the Company s financial statements. Accordingly,
we have identified long-term investments as a critical audit matter due to the complexity of such investment agreements. We believe management
assertions most affected by this critical audit matter are existence, rights, and valuation. 

The primary audit procedures we performed in order
to address this critical audit matter were the following: (i) examine the investment agreements and other related documents, evaluate
the terms and conditions, (ii) gain and understanding of the structure set forth by the agreements by enquiring with management, (iii)
confirm with the investees their understanding of the terms and conditions of the agreements and compare their responses with the Company s
books and records, (iv) test the reasonableness, completeness, mathematical accuracy and relevance of key underlying data used in the
valuation of the investments. The long-term investment and investment loss accounts are affected by this critical audit matter. 

Stock-based compensation to third parties 

As described in Note 14 of the financial statements,
the Company granted common stock to third parties as consideration to consultants for services rendered; these grants were recorded as
stock-based compensation expense in the Company s results of operations. We identified the recognition of stock-based compensation
to non-employees as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments and assumptions made by management to apply proper valuation
and allocation to such grants. 

The primary procedures we performed in order to
address this critical audit matter were the following: (i) obtained and examined the board meeting minutes, board resolutions, and service
contracts, (ii) evaluated the reasonableness of the fair value of services received from the non-employees receiving the grants, either
measured at the fair value at the outset of the contract, or around the completion date of the service contract and compared those amounts
against the fair value of the grants based on the prevailing market value. Common stock, additional paid in capital and stock based compensation
are affected by this critical audit matter. 

Stock-based compensation expense for employees
and insiders 

As described in Note 15 of the financial statements,
the Company granted stock options to its directors and employees and estimated total stock compensation expense related to those issuances
in the amount of 1,241,930 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The stock compensation cost was valued at the grant date, and management
evaluated the fair value of these stock options at the grant date and recognized the expense in accordance to the time frame set forth
by the vesting schedule. We identified the stock-based compensation expense for related to the issuance of stock options to directors
and employees as a critical audit matter due to significant judgments and assumptions made by management in order to develop an appropriate
valuation for the compensation given out. 

The primary procedures we performed in order to
address this critical audit matter were the following: (i) obtained all board meeting minutes and board resolutions, (ii) gained an understanding
and assessed the reasonableness of the stock option valuation model, (iii) vouched underlying source data and assessed the appropriateness
of the data entered into the valuation model, and (iv) re-performed the calculation to test the accuracy of the output. Additional paid
in capital and stock based compensation are affected by this critical audit matter. 

Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID No. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable related parties, net 

Due from related parties 
 
 -

Inventories, net 
 -

Short-term investments 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Long-term investments 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Prepaid expenses noncurrent 

Security deposits 

Prepayment for long-term investments 

Due from related parties noncurrent 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term bank loans 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Advance from customers 

Operating lease liabilities current portion 

Due to related parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

Tenant security deposit 

Operating lease liability noncurrent portion 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, authorized, nil shares issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, authorized, and 28,926,322 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Treasury stock 

Total Stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Stock based compensation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Operating sublease income 

Operating sublease income related parties 
 -

Impairment loss 
 
 -

Investment loss 
 
 -

Gain/Loss on foreign exchange changes 

Gain/Loss on investment in equity securities 
 -

Other income 

Government grant income 
 -

Total other income (expenses) 

Loss before provision income tax 

Provision for income tax expense 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributed to ABVC and subsidiaries 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock based compensation 

Loss on investment in equity securities 
 -

Inventory allowance for valuation losses 
 
 -

Provision
for doubtful accounts, net of recovery 
 
 -

Government grant income 
 -

Other non-cash income and expenses 
 
 -

Impairment of prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Deferred tax 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Decrease (increase) in due from related parties 

Decrease (increase) in inventories 
 -

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 
 -

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Increase (decrease) in advanced from customers 
 -

Increase (decrease) in tenant security deposit received 
 
 -

Increase (decrease) in due to related parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of investments 
 -

Purchase of equipment 

Prepayment for equity investment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Issuance of common stock 

Payment for offering costs 
 -

Repayment of convertible notes 
 -

Repayment of short-term loan 
 - 

Repayment of notes payable 
 -

Proceeds from long-term loan 
 -

Proceeds from short term loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from short term borrowings from third parties 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Net increase(decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Beginning 

Ending 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flows 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest expense paid 

Income taxes paid 
 
 -

Non-cash financing and investing activities 

Common shares issued for debt conversion 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated Other 
 Treasury Stock 
 Non 
 Stockholders 

Number of shares 
 Amounts 
 Subscription Receivable 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 controlling Interest 
 Total
 
Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

-

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common shares for consulting service 

-

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common shares for debt conversion 

-

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Stock based compensation for services 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Stock based compensation for options granted 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -

Cumulative transaction adjustments 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

-

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common shares for consulting service 

-

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Stock based compensation for services 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Stock based compensation for options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -

Cumulative transaction adjustments 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

pre-stock split) shares of Common Stock of the Company,
and the owners of record of all of the issued share capital of BriVision (the BriVision Stock ). 

pre-stock split) shares (the Acquisition Stock (subject to adjustment for fractionalized shares as set forth below) of the Company s Common Stock to the BriVision Shareholders
(or their designees), and pre-stock split) shares of the Company s Common Stock owned by Euro-Asia were
cancelled and retired to treasury. The Acquisition Stock collectively represented of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of
the Company immediately after the Closing, in exchange for the BriVision Stock, representing of the issued share capital of BriVision
in a reverse merger (the Merger ). 

The holders of Company s
Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Merger held an aggregate of pre-stock split) shares of Company s
Common Stock. Because of the exchange of the BriVision Stock for the Acquisition Stock (the Share Exchange ), BriVision
had become a wholly owned subsidiary (the Subsidiary of the Company and there was a change of control of the Company following
the closing. There were no warrants, options or other equity instruments issued in connection with the share exchange agreement. 

F- 8 

shares
(prior to the reverse stock split in 2019) to the shareholders of both BioLite and BioKey under a registration statement on Form S-4
(file number 333-226285), which became effective by operation of law on or about February 5, 2019. 

of BioLite Taiwan. The other shareholders who did not enter this Share Purchase/ Exchange Agreement
retain their equity ownership in BioLite Taiwan. 

F- 9 

. As of December 31,
2022, the Company s working capital deficit was . In addition, the Company had net cash outflows of from operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. These conditions give rise to substantial doubt as to whether the Company will be able
to continue as a going concern. 

per share, to , which was effective on April 8, 2016. 

F- 10 

and , respectively. Some of the Company s cash deposits are held in financial institutions
located in Taiwan where there is currently regulation mandated on obligatory insurance of bank accounts. The Company believes this financial
institution is of high credit quality. 

F- 11 

and , respectively. 

of the Company s total account receivable; the second major client with its Chairman being the Board
of Director of Biokey, accounted for of the Company s total account receivable. As of December 31, 2021, the major clients
in biotechnology research accounted for of the Company s total account receivable; the second major client accounted for
 if the Company s total account receivable. 

of the Company's total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one major client,
GLIA, LLC, accounted for of the Company s total revenue. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

F- 14 

~ 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 
 ~ 
 
 Office equipment 
 
 ~ 

F- 15 

and
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

of the worker s
monthly salaries. Pursuant to the Act, the Company makes monthly contribution equal to of employees salaries to the employees 
pension fund. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee
benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Other than the above, the Company does not provide any other post-retirement or post-employment benefits. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 17 

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to
meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold is met.
Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be de-recognized in the first subsequent
financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer satisfied. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income
tax are classified as income tax expense in the year incurred. No significant penalty or interest relating to income taxes has been incurred
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. GAAP also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosures and transition. 

F- 18 

F- 19 

million based on the following schedule: 

million, or of , upon the signing of BHK Co-Development Agreement. The Company concluded that
the deliverables are considered separate units of accounting as the delivered items have value to the customer on a standalone basis
and recognized this cash receipt as collaboration revenue when all research, technical, and development data was delivered to BHK in
2015. The receipt is for the compensation of past research efforts and contributions made by BioLite Taiwan before this collaborative
agreement was signed and it does not relate to any future commitments made by BioLite Taiwan and BHK in this collaborative agreement.
In August 2016, the Company has received the second milestone payment of NT , approximately equivalent to million, and recognized
collaboration revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016. As of the date of this report, the Company has not completed the first phase
II clinical trial. 

of BHK s net sales related to BLI-1401-2 Products. As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company has not earned the royalty under the BHK Co-Development Agreement. 

F- 20 

The Company concluded that the deliverables are considered separate units of accounting as the delivered items
have value to the customer on a standalone basis and recognized this payment as collaboration revenue when all research, technical, data
and development data was delivered to BHK. The cash receipt is for the compensation of past research efforts and contributions made by
BioLite Taiwan before this BHK Collaborative Agreements was signed and it does not relate to any future commitments made by BioLite Taiwan
and BHK in this BHK Collaborative Agreements. 

As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not earned the royalty under the BHK Collaborative Agreements. 

in cash or stock of Rgene with equivalent value by August 15, 2017. The payment is for the compensation of BriVision s
past research efforts and contributions made by BriVision before the Co-Dev Agreement was signed and it does not relate to any future
commitments made by BriVision and Rgene in this Co-Dev Agreement. In addition to , the Company is entitled to receive of
the future net licensing income or net sales profit earned by Rgene, if any, and any development costs shall be equally shared by both
BriVision and Rgene. 

in connection with the Co-Dev Agreement as additional paid-in capital during the year ended December 31, 2017. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, the Company has received in cash. On December 31, 2018, the Company determined to fully
write off this investment based on the Company s assessment of the severity and duration of the impairment, and qualitative and
quantitative analysis of the operating performance of the investee, adverse changes in market conditions and the regulatory or economic
environment, changes in operating structure of Rgene, additional funding requirements, and Rgene s ability to remain in business.
All projects that have been initiated will be managed and supported by the Company and Rgene. 

F- 21 

in cash or stock
of the Company before September 30, 2018. The amount of is in connection with the compensation for BioFirst s past research
efforts and contributions made by BioFirst before the BioFirst Collaborative Agreement was signed and it does not relate to any future
commitments made by BioFirst and BriVision in this BioFirst Collaborative Agreement. In addition, the Company is entitled to receive
 of the future net licensing income or net sales profit, if any, and any development cost shall be equally shared by both BriVision
and BioFirst. 

since currently the related licensing rights do not have alternative future uses. According to ASC 730-10-25-1, absent alternative future
uses the acquisition of product rights to be used in research and development activities must be charged to research and development
expenses immediately. Hence, the entire amount of is fully expensed as research and development expense during the year ended
December 31, 2017. 

shares of the Company s common stock to BioFirst in consideration for owed by the Company to BioFirst (the Total
Payment in connection with a certain collaborative agreement between the Company and BioFirst dated July 24, 2017 (the Collaborative
Agreement ). Pursuant to the Collaborative Agreement, BioFirst granted the Company the global licensing right to co-develop BFC-1401
or ABV-1701 Vitreous Substitute for Vitrectomy for medical purposes in consideration for the Total Payment. 

shares of the Company s common stock to BioFirst in consideration for owed by the Company to BioFirst in connection
with a loan provided to BriVision from BioFirst. 

F- 22 

Work-in-process 
 -
 
 -

Raw materials 
 -

Allowance for inventory valuation and obsolescence loss 
 -

Inventories, net 
 -

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Office equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Land with book value amounted to approximately
 and , respectively, were pledged for obtaining bank loan (see Notes 8 Bank loans). 

Genepharm Biotech Corporation 

BioHopeKing Corporation 

BioFirst Corporation 

Rgene Corporation 

Genepharm Biotech Corporation 

BioHopeKing Corporation 

BioFirst Corporation 

Rgene Corporation 

F- 23 

Genepharm Biotech Corporation 

BioHopeKing Corporation 

Subtotal 

Equity Method Investments, net 

BioFirst Corporation 
 -
 
 -

Rgene Corporation 
 -
 
 -

Total 

and common stock shares of BioFirst, respectively. During year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
made prepayment for equity investment in BioFirst to purchase additional shares to be issued by BioFirst in the aggregate
amount of , recorded as prepayment for long-term investments as of December 31, 2022. The amount due from BioFirst has been reclassified as prepayment for investment. 

Noncurrent Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Gross profit 

Net loss 

Share of losses from investments accounted for using the equity method 
 -

F- 24 

and common stock shares of Rgene, respectively. 

Noncurrent Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 
 
 -

Shareholders Deficit 

Share of loss from investments accounted for using the equity method 
 -
 
 -

F- 25 

The holder of the October Note may elect to convert
part or all of the outstanding balance of the October Note from the issuance date until the Maturity Date. The Company may prepay the
outstanding amount at any time, in whole or in part, without any penalty. 

per share. On July 21, 2021, The Company converted all convertible promissory note amounted into shares of
the Company s common stock and warrants. 

; and accrued convertible interest were both . 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CTBC Bank 

Cathay Bank 

Total 

, equivalent
to . The term started June 28, 2016 with maturity date at . The loan balance bears interest at a floating rate of
prime rate plus . The prime rate is based on term deposit saving interest rate of Cathay United Bank. On September 6, 2017, BioLite
Taiwan extended the Cathay United Loan Agreement for , which was due on September 6, 2018, with the principal amount of NT ,
equivalent to . On October 1, 2018, BioLite Taiwan extended the Cathay United Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of
NT , equivalent to for , which was due on September 6, 2019. On September 6, 2019, BioLite Taiwan extended
the Cathay United Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT , equivalent to for , which is due on
September 6, 2020. On September 6, 2020, BioLite Taiwan extended the Cathay United Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT ,
equivalent to for , which is due on September 6, 2021. On September 6, 2021, BioLite Taiwan extended the Cathay United
Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT , equivalent to for , which is due on September 6, 2022.
On September 6, 2022, BioLite Taiwan extended the Cathay United Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT , equivalent
to for , and same interest rate, which is due on September 6, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
effective interest rates per annum was and . The loan is collateralized by the Land of BioLite Taiwan, and is also personal
guaranteed by the Company s chairman. 

and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 26 

, equivalent
to , and NT , equivalent to , respectively. Both two loans with the same maturity date at .
In February 2018, BioLite Taiwan combined two loans and extended the loan contract with CTBC for . On January 18, 2019, BioLite
Taiwan and CTBC Bank agreed to extend the loan with a new maturity date, which was . On July 18, 2019, BioLite Taiwan extended
the CTBC Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT , equivalent to for six months, which is due on January
17, 2020. On January 19, 2020, BioLite Taiwan extended the CTBC Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT , equivalent
to for six months, which is due on July 19, 2020. On July 17, 2020, BioLite Taiwan extended the CTBC Loan Agreement with the
same principal amount of NT , equivalent to for six months, which is due on January 15, 2021. On January 15, 2021,
BioLite Taiwan extended the CTBC Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT , equivalent to for six months,
which is due on July 15, 2021. On July 15, 2021, BioLite Taiwan extended the CTBC Loan Agreement with the same principal amount of NT ,
equivalent to for six months, which is due on January 14, 2022. The loan balances bear interest at a fixed rate of per
annum. The loan is secured by the money deposited in a savings account with the CTBC Bank. This loan was also personal guaranteed by the
Company s chairman and BioFirst. During the year ended December 31, 2021, BioLite Taiwan has opened a TCD account with CTBC bank
to guarantee the loan going forward. 

, equivalent to for six months, which is due on January 14, 2023. The loan balance bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum. 

, equivalent to for six months, which is due on July
14, 2023. The loan balance bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum. 

and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

from Cathay Bank (the Bank pursuant to a business loan agreement (the Loan Agreement entered by and between the Company and Bank on January 8, 2019 and a promissory note (the Note executed by the Company
on the same day. The Loan Agreement provides for a revolving line of credit in the principal amount of with a maturity date
(the Maturity Date of January 1, 2020. The Note executed in connection with the Loan Agreement bears an interest rate
(the Regular Interest Rate equal to the sum of one percent and the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal
(the Index and the accrued interest shall become payable each month from February 1, 2019. Pursuant to the Note, the Company
shall pay the entire outstanding principal plus accrued unpaid interest on the Maturity Date and may prepay portion or all of the Note
before the Maturity Date without penalty. If the Company defaults on the Note, the default interest rate shall become five percent plus the Regular Interest Rate. 

each until the entire Note plus interest are fully paid and satisfied. Dr. Tsung Shann Jiang is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of BioLite Holding, Inc. and Dr. George Lee serves as the Chairman of the board of directors of BioKey. On December 29, 2020, the Company
entered into a new loan extension agreement and assignment of deposit account with the Bank, which allowed Dr. Tsung Shann Jiang and
Dr. George Lee to be removed as guarantees from the list of Guaranty. 

. On December 3, 2020, The Company renewed the Loan Agreement with the principal
amount of for ten months, which is due on October 31, 2021. On September 24, 2021, the Cathay Bank has increased the line of
credit to from . The Loan Agreement was further extended and due on December 31, 2022. The outstanding loan balance
was as of December 31, 2022. On February 23, 2023, the bank loan from Cathay Bank was fully repaid. 

and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 27 

under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP administered by the United States Small Business
Administration (the SBA from East West Bank. According to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the
 Cares Act ), PPP loan provides for forgiveness of up to the full principal amount and accrued interest if the funds are
used for payroll costs, interest on mortgages, rent, and utilities. However, at least of the forgiven amount must have been used
for payroll. 

The
Company will pay the principal in one payment of all outstanding principal plus all accrued unpaid interest on that date that is two
years after the date of the promissory note. In addition, the Company will pay regular monthly payments in an amount equal to one month s
accrued interest commencing on the date that is seven months after the date of the promissory note, with all subsequent interest payments
to be due on the same day of each month after that. No collateral or personal guarantees are required. 

under the Paycheck Protection Program administered by the United States Small Business Administration from East
West Bank. According to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, PPP loan provides for forgiveness of up to the full principal
amount and accrued interest if the funds are used for payroll costs, interest on mortgages, rent, and utilities. However, at least 
of the forgiven amount must have been used for payroll. No collateral or personal guarantees are required. 

under the Paycheck Protection Program administered by the United States Small Business Administration from
Cathay Bank. According to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, PPP loan provides for forgiveness of up to the full
principal amount and accrued interest if the funds are used for payroll costs, interest on mortgages, rent, and utilities. However, at
least of the forgiven amount must have been used for payroll. The loan was granted pursuant to a promissory note dated February 7,
2021 issued by the Company, which matures on February 6, 2026 and bears interest at a rate of per annum. The Company will pay the
principal in one payment of all outstanding principal plus all accrued unpaid interest on that date that is five years after the date
of the promissory note. No collateral or personal guarantees are required. 

and was forgiven by the SBA as a gesture of supporting the operation of the Company on March
15, 2021 and September 28, 2021, respectively. 

was forgiven by the SBA as a gesture of supporting the operation of the Company on November 15, 2021. 

during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December
31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance payable to the bank. 

per annum of NT , equivalent to , for working
capital purpose. On September 11, 2021 the outstanding balance has been repaid in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance
due to this individual amounted to both . Interest expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. This loan bears the interest rate of per annum and will be
matured on August 17, 2020. On August 18, 2020, the Company extended the contract for six months under the same term. On February 18,
2021, the Company extended the contract for six months under the same term. On August 26, 2021, the loan with interest totaling 
has been repaid in full. Accrued interest expense were both as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 28 

BioFirst
 (Australia) Pty Ltd. (the BioFirst (Australia) 

Rgene Corporation (the
 Rgene 

YuanGene Corporation (the
 YuanGene 

AsiaGene Corporation (the
 AsiaGene 

Eugene Jiang 

Keypoint Technology Ltd.
 (the Keypoint 

Lion Arts Promotion Inc.
 (the Lion Arts 

Yoshinobu Odaira (the Odaira 

GenePharm Inc. (the GenePharm 

Euro-Asia
 Investment Finance Corp Ltd. (the Euro-Asia 

LBG USA, Inc. (the LBG
 USA 

LionGene Corporation (the
 LionGene 

Kimho Consultants Co.,
 Ltd. (the Kimho 

The Jiangs 

Amkey Ventures, LLC Amkey 

BioLite Japan 

BioHopeKing Corporation 

ABVC BioPharma (HK), Limited 

Rgene 

Amkey 
 -

Total 

F- 29 

- 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

BioFirst (Australia) 

BioHopeKing Corporation 

LBG USA 
 -

BioLite Japan 
 -

Keypoint 
 -

Total 

. Under the terms of the loan agreement, the loan bears interest at per month (or equivalent to per annum) and the maturity
date was December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding loan balance was ; and accrued interest was , respectively.
On January 1, 2021, BioLite Taiwan entered into a consultant services agreement with Rgene, of which the amount due from Rgene was 
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On June 16, 2022, 
As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan balance was ; and accrued interest was . 

to properly record R D cost and tax refund allocation based on co-development contract executed on July 24,
2017. The loan was originally set to be mature on September 30, 2021 with an interest rate of per annum, but on September 7, 2021,
the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for to meet its new project needs. On December
1, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for to increase the cost for upcoming projects.
The loan will be matured on with an interest rate of per annum. In 2022, the Company entered into several
loan agreements with BioFirst (Australia) for a total amount of 507,000 to increase the cost for upcoming projects. All the loans period
was twelve months with an interest rate of per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of outstanding loan
and accrued interest was and , respectively. 

F- 30 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due from BHK was and , respectively. 

to meet BioLite Japan s working capital needs, which the Company advanced an amount of and the advance bear interest
rate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding advance balances was and , respectively. The outstanding balance was
reclassified as prepayment for long-term investments due to the debt-to-equity agreement with BioLite Japan, while format document is
pending to be executed. 

BioFirst (Australia) 

AsiaGene 
 -

YuanGene 
 -

The Jiangs 

Due to shareholders 

Total 

per month (or equivalent to per annum). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of outstanding balance and accrued interest is , a combination of from loan, and from expense-sharing, and , respectively. 

and , respectively for new project purpose. 

and , respectively. These loans bear interest rate of to per month, and are due on demand. 

to per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal and accrued interest was and , respectively. Interest expenses in connection with these loans were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 31 

Total 

Foreign 
 -
 
 -

Total Current 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 -
 
 -

State 
 -
 
 -

Foreign 

Total Deferred 

Total provision for income taxes 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Tax credit of investment 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Operating lease assets 
 
 -

Deferred tax assets, Gross 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

As of December 31, 2020, the Company has issued shares of common stock to ViewTrade
for the consulting fee with an estimated value of . The warrants were never issued and the parties mutually agreed to terminate
the agreement on November 19, 2020. 

shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share as a termination fee on June 29, 2021, of which 
shares were issued to WallachBeth Capital LLC WallachBeth ). 
On June 29, 2021, WallachBeth was issued shares of common stock as compensation for those services. 

F- 32 

shares of the Company s
common stock and warrants were issued pursuant to the conversion of convertible promissory note of entered in October 2020
(see Note 7). 

In August 2021, shares of the Company s common stock were issued for gross proceeds of , before placement agent
fees and legal fees of . 

in
gross proceeds from the exercise of warrants issued in the Company s August 3, 2021, public offering of securities. Investors exercised
a total of Series A warrants at a price of per share and Series B warrants at a price of per
share. Pursuant to these exercises, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock. 

by issuing shares of unrestricted common shares, valued at the closing price from to per share on the
grant date. These shares have been issued during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

by issuing shares of unrestricted common shares, valued
at per share on the grant date. These shares have been issued in January 2022. 

common
shares to BarLew Holdings, LLC for consulting and advisory services amounted to , valued at per share. 

shares of common stock at an offering
price of per share in a registered direct offering. The shares of the Company s common stock were issued for gross proceeds
of , before placement agent fees and legal fees of . Pursuant to the offering, the Company will also issue -year warrants
to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable at a price of per share. As of December 31, 2022, these warrants have
been issued but not exercised. 

shares of common stock to Barlew Holdings, LLC pursuant to the consulting agreement by and between Barlew Holdings, LLC and
the Company dated July 1, 2022, and shares of common stock to Inverlew Advisors, LLC, in accordance with the consulting agreement
by and between Inverlew Advisors, LLC and the Company dated July 1, 2022. 

and common shares to Euro-Asia Investment Finance Corp Ltd. and Thalia Media Ltd. for consulting and advisory services. 

shares of common stock in lieu of unpaid salaries of certain employees and unpaid consulting fees under the 2016 Equity Incentive
Plan, as amended, at a conversion price of per share; the total amount of converted salaries and consulting fees was . On
November 21, 2020, the Company entered into acknowledgement agreements and stock option purchase agreements with these
employees and consultant; pursuant to which the Company granted stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock in lieu of common stock. The options were vested at the grant date and become exercisable for years from the grant date. 

shares of common stock under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, at an exercise price of per share. The options were vested
at the grant date and become exercisable for years from the grant date. 

shares of common stock under
the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of per share, exercisable for years from the grant date. As of December 31,
2022, these stock options have not been granted. 

F- 33 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Vested and expected to vest 

- 

Expected term (in years) 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

and shares
of common stock to employees and certain consultants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 , respectively. There are options available for grant under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022.
Compensation costs associated with the Company s stock options are recognized, based on the grant-date fair values of these options
over vesting period. Accordingly, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no unvested options. There were no options
exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - Basic 

Stock options 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - Diluted 

Loss per share 

-Basic 

-Diluted 

F- 34 

LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities (current) 

Operating lease liabilities (noncurrent) 

F- 35 

years 
 years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate: 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 
 -

Total future minimum lease payments, undiscounted 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

common shares to a consultant
for providing consulting services on listing to NASDAQ in 2021. 

, equivalent to for six months, which is due on July 14, 2023. 

, for a purchase price of , that is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at an initial conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Company also issued Lind a common stock purchase
warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share, subject
to adjustment. Subsequently on February 23, 2023, the bank loan from Cathay Bank was fully repaid. 

F- 36 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Previous Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

On October 18, 2022, the Company s Audit
Committee accepted and approved the resignation of the Company s auditor, KCCW Accountancy Corp. (the Former Auditor as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

The reports of the Former Auditor on the Company s
consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 did not contain an adverse opinion
or a disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle. 

During fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and
2020, and the subsequent interim period through October 17, 2022, there were no disagreements as described under Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of
Regulation S-K with Former Auditor on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope
or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to Former Auditor s satisfaction, would have caused Former Auditor to make reference
to the subject matter thereof in connection with its reports on the financial statements of the Company for such years. In addition,
during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the subsequent interim period through October 17, 2022, there were no reportable
events as described under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

New Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Effective as of October 18, 2022, the Company
engaged WWC P.C. CPA WWC as its independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. The decision to engage the New Auditor as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm was approved
by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors of the Company. 

During the two fiscal years ended December 31,
2021 and the subsequent interim period through October 17, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has consulted with
WWC with respect to (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type
of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was
provided to us by WWC that was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial
reporting issue, or (ii) any other matter that was the subject of a disagreement as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and
the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K or a reportable event as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we
have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance that
material information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms due to the material weakness described below. 

64 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our Chief Executive Officer, as the principal
executive officer (chief executive officer) and principal financial officer (chief financial officer), is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, our internal
controls and procedures may not prevent or detect misstatements. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have
been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The framework used by management in making that assessment
was the criteria set forth in the document entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, our management has determined that as of December
31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective for the purposes for which it is intended based
on the following material weakness: 

The
Company does not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience
in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States commensurate with the Company s financial reporting
requirements . 

We are developing a plan to ensure that all information will be recorded,
processed, summarized and reported accurately, and as of the date of this report, we are working to hire personnel with the requisite
technical accounting knowledge to remediate the material weakness as soon as possible. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

No change in our system of internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

65 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following table sets forth as of the date
of this annual report, the name, age, and position of each executive officer and director and the term of office of each such person. 

Set forth below is certain biographical information
regarding each of our directors and officers as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Eugene Jiang 
 
 35 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Business Officer CBO 
 
 Dr. Howard Doong 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Executive Officer CEO 
 
 Leeds Chow 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Financial Officer CFO 
 
 Dr. Tsung-Shann (T.S.) Jiang 
 
 68 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer CSTRO and Director 
 
 Dr. Tsang Ming Jiang 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Chang-Jen Jiang 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Norimi Sakamoto 
 
 51 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Yen-Hsin Chou 
 
 33 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Hsin-Hui Miao 
 
 57 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Yoshinobu Odaira 
 
 73 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Che-Wei Hsu 
 
 42 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Shuling Jiang 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Yu-Min (Francis) Chung 
 
 58 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Dr. Chi-Hsin (Richard) King 
 
 72 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer CSO 

Eugene Jiang has served as our CEO and
President since the Company s inception in July 2015 until he resigned on September 15, 2017. He remains the Chairman of the Board.
He also serves as our CBO since September 2019 and serves as the CBO of BioKey, Inc. since 2019. Mr. Jiang also serves as Director for BioLite Incorporation
since June 2015 and as Director for BioFirst Corp. since 2012. He also serves as CEO for Genepro Investment Company since
March 2010. Mr. Jiang obtained a PMBA degree from National Taiwan University in 2017 and an EMBA degree from the University
of Texas in Arrington in 2010. And in 2009, Mr. Jiang received a bachelor s degree in Physical Education from Fu-Jen Catholic
University. 

66 

Dr. Howard Doong , was appointed as the
Company s new CEO on September 15, 2017. In addition to the position at the Company, Dr. Doong also serves as director of United
BioPharma (K.Y.) since December 2022 and as the Chairman and the CEO of LifeCode Biotechnology Company LifeCode ),
a Taiwan company in the biotechnology business, since March 2017. Dr. Doong serves as the Chairman of Biokey since December 2020. Dr.
Doong served as the CEO and CSO of Wuhan Frasergen Genomic Medicine Company Wuhan Frasergen Genomic ), a Chinese company
in the biotechnology business, from 2016 to 2020. He served as the CSO of Cold Spring Biotech Corporation, a Taiwan corporation in the
biotechnology business from 2014 to 2016. He served as the CEO of iKnowledge-Care Bioscience Corp, a Taiwan company in the biotechnology
business from 2014 to 2015. He served as the director of Taipei Veteran General Hospital-LihPao Laboratory of Cancer Genomic Medicine
from 2012 to 2013. He served as the Vice President and director of Quality Assurance, TrimGen Corporation, a Maryland corporation in the
biotechnology business from 2006 to 2011. Before 2006, Dr. Doong was a professor at the University of Maryland School of Medicine and
Biotechnology Institute, and a researcher at National Cancer Institute (NCI) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Dr. Doong received
his Ph.D. degree from University of Chicago, the Department of Organismal Biology and Anatomy. He received his M.D and Ph.D. degree from
Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology. He received his M.S. degree from the University of New Hampshire, Genetics Program
and B.S. degree from Fu-Jen Catholic University, Taiwan, Department of Biology. 

Leeds Chow , was appointed as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer on September 4, 2022. He has served as a Financial Controller of the Company
from March 2021 to August 2022. Mr. Chow has over 12 years of experience in Audit and Financing Industry. He has served as the finance
manager in a family office, in charge of managing investment portfolios, handling financial and operating aspects. He has also worked
in a local investment company in Hong Kong, serving as a financial advisor during the Hong Kong Initial Public Offering process, as well
as preparing opinion letters as an independent financial advisor for transactions for Hong Kong listed companies. Mr. Chow graduated
in University of California, Santa Barbara, with a Bachelor of Arts degree, majoring in Business Economics with Accounting Emphasis. 

Dr. T.S. Jiang , has served as the Company s Chief Strategy Officer
since September 2019. Dr. Jiang serves as the CEO of Biokey, Inc. since December 2021, as a director of BioFirst Corp. since 2013, and
has been the CEO and chairman of BioLite, Inc., a subsidiary of BioLite BVI, Inc., since January 2010. Prior to BioLite,
Dr. Jiang served as the president and/or chairman of multiple biotech companies in Taiwan, including PhytoHealth Corporation from 1998
to 2009 and AmCad BioMed Corporation from 2008 to 2009. In addition, Dr. Jiang is a director on various biotech associations, such as
the Taiwan Bio Industry Organization (Taiwan) from 2006 to 2008 and the Chinese Herbs and Biotech Development Association in Taiwan from
2003 to 2006. Dr. Jiang was an assistant professor at University of Illinois from 1981 to 1987 and an associate professor at Rutgers,
the State University of New Jersey from 1987 to 1990 and served as a professor at a few Taiwanese universities during a period from 1990
to 1993, such as National Taiwan University, National Cheng Kung University and Tunghai University. Dr. Jiang obtained his bachelor degree
in Engineering and Chemical Engineering from National Taiwan University in Taiwan in 1976, masters and Ph.D. from Northwestern University
in the U.S. in 1981 and Executive Master of Business Administration EMBA from National Taiwan University in Taiwan in
2007. As a successful entrepreneur, Dr. Jiang has developed and commercialized PG2 Lyo Injection, a new drug to treat cancer related fatigue.
From 1998 to 2009, Dr. T. S. Jiang served as President of Phyto Health Corporation where he led a project team to develop PG2 Injectable.
This product was extracted, isolated and purified from a type of Traditional Chinese Medicine. PG2 Injection was intended for cancer patients
who had trouble recovering from severe fatigue. Dr. Jiang oversaw and managed the R D department, daily corporate operations and business
of Phyto Health Corporation when he was the President. PG2 Lyo Injection received approval on its NDA from Taiwan Food and Drug Administration
in 2010 and later was launched into the Taiwan market in 2012. We believe that Dr. Jiang provides leadership and technological guidance
on our strategic development and operations. 

Dr. Tsang Ming Jiang , has served as a
director of BioFirst Corp. since 2017 and as a technical director at Supermicro Computer, Inc. since August 2022. Dr. Jiang served as
a technical director at the Industrial Technology Research Institute in Taiwan from February 2017 to July 2021. Prior to joining the
Industrial Technology Research Institute as a technical director, Dr. Jiang worked at the Company as chief information officer from November
2016 to January 2017, Ericsson as engineering manager from 2013 to 2016 and the Industrial Technology Research Institute as deputy director
from October 2011 to February 2013. In addition, Dr. Jiang worked at several other research institutes, including University of Alaska
Fairbanks, National Taiwan University and Chung Cheng University, with his research interest in cloud computing and Internet security,
especially in the areas of virtualization, software-defined data centers, SDN enabled networks and big data analytics. Dr. Jiang received
his Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering in 1983 and Master of Science in electrical engineering in 1984, both from National
Taiwan University, and his Ph.D. in electrical engineering and computer science from University of Illinois at Chicago in 1988. Dr. Tsang
Ming Jiang is a brother of Dr. Tsung-Shann Jiang, who together with his wife collectively owns 80 of Lion Arts Promotion, Inc. which
has approximately 69.3 of ownership interest in the Company through YuanGene Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lion Arts Promotion,
Inc. 

67 

Dr. Chang-Jen Jiang , has served as a director
of BioLite Inc. since 2013 and as a director of BioFirst Corp. since 2015. Dr. Jiang has been a pediatrician at the department of pediatrics
of Eugene Women and Children Clinic since 2016. Previously, Dr. Chang-Jen worked as an attending doctor at the department of pediatrics
of Keelung Hospital, the Ministry of Health and Welfare in Taiwan from 1994 to 2009. Before his position at Keelung Hospital, he was a
chief doctor at the department of pediatrics, hematology and oncology of Mackay Memorial Hospital in Taiwan for three years until 1994.
Dr. Chang-Jen Jiang obtained his doctor of medicine degree (the Taiwanese equivalent degree of MD) from Taipei Medical University in Taiwan
in 1982 and started his career in Mackay Memorial Hospital. We believe that the Company will benefit from Dr. Jiang s knowledge
in biology and experiences in medical practice. 

Norimi Sakamoto , currently serves a director
at Shogun Maitake Canada Co., Ltd. from June 2016. Ms. Sakamoto served as the chief executive officer of MyLife Co., Ltd. from June 2013
to March 2020. Ms. Sakamoto started her career in 1997 from Sumitomo Corporation Hokkaido Co., Ltd. in Japan. Ms. Sakamoto received her
Bachelor Degree of Arts in travel and tourism from Davis and Elkins College in 1993 and Master of Science in urban studies from the University
of New Orleans in 1995. 

Yen-Hsin Chou , has served as a financial
specialist at Mega Bank since 2011. Ms. Chou s responsibilities primarily include customer services and financial consultations.
Ms. Chou received a Bachelor Degree in finance and economics from Yuan Ze University School of Economics in 2010. 

Hsin-Hui Miao , served as counter manager
at Yueh Shan Chi Cram School from August 2021 to May 2022. From August 1988 to July 2021, Ms. Miao was a kindergarten teacher and also
severed as the leader of general affairs team at the affiliated high school of Tunghai University, Kindergarten Division. Ms. Miao received
her Bachelor Degree of Education from Taichung University of Education in 1998. 

Yoshinobu Odaira , is an entrepreneur and
has founded a number of Japanese agricultural companies, including Yukiguni Maitake, our licensing partner. In 1983, Mr. Odaira established
Yukiguni Maitake, which became a public company in Japan in 1994. In 2015, Bain Capital Private Equity purchased Yukiguni Maitake through
a tender offer. In addition to his success with Yukiguni Maitake, Mr. Odaira served as the CEO of Yukiguni Shoji Co., Ltd. since 1988,
as the CEO of Odaira Shoji Co., Ltd. from 1989 and as a director of Shogun Maitake Japan Co., Ltd. since June 1989. In 2015, Mr.
Odaira founded two new companies, Shogun Maitake Canada Co., Ltd. in Canada and Odaira Kinoko Research Co., Ltd. in Japan. Mr. Odaira
has served as the CEO and director of Shogun Maitake Canada Co., Ltd. since June 2016. Mr. Odaira served as a director of BioLite Inc.
from February 2019 to April 2019. Yoshinobu Odaira graduated from the Ikazawa Junior High School in 1963. We believe that we will benefit
from Mr. Odaira s successful business experience. 

 Che-Wei Hsu , is currently employed as a
clerk by Chunghwa Post Co., Ltd. since August 2016; previously she was a teacher in a Junior High School. Ms. Hsu received a Bachelor
Degree from Tunghai University School of Chinese Literature in 2004. 

Shuling Jiang , has served as a director
for various companies, including BioLite, Inc. and BioFirst Corp, , since 2017 and started to serve as Managing Director for Biokey, Inc.
in 2022. Ms. Jiang received a Bachelor Degree from National Taiwan Normal University School of Music in 1978 and a Master Degree from
Northwestern University School of Music in 1983. 

Yu-Min (Francis) Chung , was a Partner
at Maxpro Ventures, an investment firm in Taiwan focused on breakthrough biomedical technology companies, from July 2018 to May 2022.
Prior to that, he served as Vice President at TaiAn Technology, which is a biotechnology service company and a management company for
biotechnology venture capital funds in Taiwan, from June 2016 to June 2018. Mr. Chung received his Bachelor s Degree of Science
in Chemistry from National Taiwan University in 1987, Master s Degree in Business Administration from National Taiwan University
in 2006, and Ph.D. in Pharmacy from University of Iowa in 1995. 

Significant Employees 

The following are employees who are not executive
officers, but who are expected to make significant contributions to our business: 

Dr. Chi-Hsin Richard King Chief Scientific
Officer 

Effective September 15, 2017, the Board appointed
Dr. Chi-Hsin Richard King as the CSO of the Company. Dr. Chi-Hsin Richard King, 71, retired since July 2017. He served as the consultant
at TaiGen Biotechnology Co. Ltd TaiGen ), a Taiwan company in the biotechnology business, from August 2016 to July 2017,
the Senior Vice President at TaiGen from July 2008 to August 2016 and as the Vice President at Research and Development of TaiGen from
June 2005 to July 2008. Dr. King served as the Director at Albany Molecular Research Inc. AMRI ), a New York corporation,
from January 2003 to June 2005, the Assistant Director at Medicinal Chemistry Department of AMRI from January 2000 to December 2002 and
the Assistant Director at Chemical Development Department of AMRI from August 1997 to January 2000. Dr. King received the Ph.D. degree
of bio-organic chemistry from University of Utah in 1980, and B.S. degree of chemistry from National Taiwan Normal University in 1972. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that
the members of the Board, our executive officers and persons who own more than 10 percent of a registered class of our equity securities
file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common units and other equity securities with the SEC and
any exchange or other system on which such securities are traded or quoted. 

This was the first year that our officers, directors
and greater than 10 shareholders were subject to these rules. Based solely upon our review of the Section 16(a) filings that have been
furnished to us and representations by our directors and executive officers (where applicable), we believe that all filings required
to be made under Section 16(a) during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were timely made, except that during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, Ms. Shuling Jiang, failed to timely report her initial ownership of our common stock on Form 3. 

68 

Director Independence 

The NASDAQ Rules require that a majority of the
Board be independent. The Board consists of 11 directors, of which nine are non-management directors. Each year the Board reviews the
materiality of any relationship that each of our directors has with the Company, either directly or indirectly. No member of the Board
has any relationship or arrangement that would require disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. For additional information
see Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions in this report. Based on this review, the Board has determined
that the following current directors are independent directors as defined by the NASDAQ Rules: Messrs. Odaira and Chung
and Mses. Sakamoto, Chou and Miao. 

Each director who is a member of the Audit and Finance Committee,
Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is an independent director. 

Family Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the executive officers and directors of the Company, except that Dr. Tsang Ming Jiang, Dr. Tsung-Shann
Jiang and Dr. Chang-Jen Jiang are brothers, Mr. Eugene Jiang is Dr. Tsung-Shann Jiang s son, and the marital relationship between
Yoshinobu Odaira and Norimi Sakamoto and between Shuling Jiang and Dr. Jiang. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee . The Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors currently consists of Ms. Chou, Yen-Hsin (Chair), Ms. Miao, Hsin-Hui, and Ms. Hsu, Che-Wei. The functions of the
Audit Committee include the retention of our independent registered public accounting firm, reviewing and approving the planned scope,
proposed fee arrangements and results of the Company s annual audit, reviewing the adequacy of the Company s accounting and
financial controls and reviewing the independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The Board has
determined that Ms. Chou, Ms. Miao and Ms. Hsu are each an independent director under the listing standards of The NASDAQ
Stock Market. The Board of Directors has also determined Ms. Chou is an audit committee financial expert within the applicable
definition of the SEC. The Audit Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, a copy of which is available
on our website at www.abvcpharma.com. Information contained on our website are not incorporated by reference into and do not form any
part of this reports. We have included the website address as a factual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to the website. 

Compensation Committee . The Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors currently consists of Ms. Norimi Sakamoto (Chair), Ms. Miao, Hsin-Hui, and Ms. Hsu, Che-Wei. The functions
of the Compensation Committee include the approval of the compensation offered to our executive officers and recommending to the full
Board of Directors the compensation to be offered to our directors, including our Chairman. The Board has determined that Ms. Sakamoto,
Ms. Miao and Ms. Hsu are each an independent director under the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. In addition,
the members of the Compensation Committee qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange
Act and as outside directors for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Compensation
Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, a copy of which is available on our website at www.abvcpharma.com.
Information contained on our website are not incorporated by reference into and do not form any part of this report. We have included
the website address as a factual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to the website. 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee .
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors consists of Mr. Yoshinobu Odaira (Chair), Ms. Miao, Hsin-Hui,
and Ms. Hsu, Che-Wei, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. The corporate governance and
nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The corporate
governance and nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Board Diversity 

Under Nasdaq Rule 5605(f) Nasdaq-listed companies
are required, subject to certain exceptions, (1) to have at least one director who self-identifies as a female, and (2) to have at least
one director who self-identifies as Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Asian, Native American or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian
or Pacific Islander, two or more races or ethnicities, or as LGBTQ+, or (3) to explain why the reporting company does not have at least
two directors on its board who self-identify in the categories listed above. Under Nasdaq Rule 5605(f)(2)(D), boards of directors composed
of five or fewer members must have one director who is Diverse as defined by the Rule and are not subject to the requirements of subparagraphs
(A), (B), and (C) of Rule 5605(f)(2) until and unless they expand the board beyond five members. 

In addition, Nasdaq Rule 5606 (Board Diversity
Disclosure) requires each Nasdaq-listed company, again subject to certain exceptions, to provide statistical information about such company s
Board of Directors, in a specified format, related to each director s self-identified gender, race, and self-identification as
LGBTQ+. This matrix is presented below. The Company believes it is in compliance with the diversity requirements imposed by the Nasdaq
listing rules. 

69 

Board Diversity Matrix (as
of December 31, 2022) 

Total number of directors 

Female 
 
 Male 
 
 Non-Binary 
 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 
 
 5 
 
 6 

Directors 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

Alaskan Native or Native American 

Asian 
 
 4 
 
 6 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

Two or more races or ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did not disclose demographic background 
 
 1 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which
are specified in the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated
 notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite
 intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills,
 diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest
 ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The corporate governance and nominating committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills
or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The board of directors will also
consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to
stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. The nominating committee
does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

70 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight 

We have two separate individuals serving as our
CEO and Chairman. Our Board of Directors, or the Board, is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes on behalf
of our company. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate
regarding our company s assessment of risks. In addition, the Board focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and
our company s general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the board s
appetite for risk. While the Board oversees our company s risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management
processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing our company and
that our board leadership structure supports this approach. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of ethics, a copy of which
is attached herein as Exhibit 14.1. The Code of Ethics applies to all of our employees, officers and directors. This Code constitutes
a code of ethics as defined by the rules of the SEC. Copies of the code may be obtained free of charge from our website,
www.abvcpharma.com. Any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of our code of ethics that applies to any of our executive officers
will be posted on our website in accordance with the rules of the SEC. 

Indemnification 

Neither our Articles of Incorporation nor Bylaws
prevent us from indemnifying our officers, directors and agents to the extent permitted under the Nevada Revised Statute NRS ).
NRS Section 78.7502 provides that a corporation shall indemnify any director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation against expenses,
including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with any the defense to the extent that a director,
officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding
referred to Section 78.7502(1) or 78.7502(2), or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the Company pursuant to Nevada law, we
are informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

71 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following tables set forth, for each of the
last two completed fiscal years of us, the total compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to any person who was a principal executive
officer during the preceding fiscal year and every other highest compensated executive officers earning more than 100,000 during the
last fiscal year (together, the Named Executive Officers ). The tables set forth below reflect the compensation of the Named
Executive Officers. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (7) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Howard Doong (1) 
 2022 
 200,000 

248,386 

448,386 

2021 
 200,000 

836,002 

1,036,002 

Leeds Chow (2) 
 2022 
 130,000 

- 

130,000 

2021 
 120,000 

- 

120,000 

Tsung-Shann Jiang (3) 
 2022 
 200,000 

248,386 

448,386 

2021 
 200,000 

62,700 

262,700 

Richard Chi-Hsin King (4) 
 2022 
 200,000 

248,386 

448,386 

2021 
 200,000 

661,834 

861,834 

Eugene Jiang (5) 
 2022 
 200,000 

248,386 

448,386 

2021 
 200,000 

62,700 

262,700 

Chihliang An (6) 
 2022 
 133,333 

248,386 

381,719 

2021 
 200,000 

487,668 

687,668 

(1) Dr.
Doong was appointed as the CEO on September 15, 2017. 

(2) 
 Mr. Chow was appointed
 as the CFO on September 4, 2022. 

(3) 
 Dr. Jiang was appointed
 as the CSTRO on September 1, 2019. 

(4) 
 Dr. King was appointed
 as the CSO on September 15, 2017 . 

(5) 
 Eugene Jiang was appointed
 as CBO on September 1, 2019 . 

(6) 
 Mr. An resigned from his
 positions as the Company s CFO on September 4, 2022. 

(7) 
 The weighted average grant
 date fair value of options granted during 2022 was 1.63, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Accordingly, the Company
 recognized stock-based compensation expense of 1,241,930 for the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Other
than set out below, there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive
officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We
do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors
or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. 

Stock Option Plan 

Our board approved and adopted the Amended and
Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan on September 12, 2020 (the Plan ), a copy of which is attached hereto as exhibit 10.17. 

72 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

On November 21, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate
of 545,182 options to purchase shares of Common Stock in lieu of unpaid salaries of certain employees (other than Officers and Directors)
and unpaid consulting fees under the Plan, as amended; the total converted salaries was 1,090,361. The options are exercisable at 2.00
per share. 

On October 15, 2021, the Company s Board
of Directors approved and issued the following option awards pursuant to the Plan: 

30,000
options to each director, including the Chairman; such options are exercisable at 3.00 per share. 

Options
for 400,001 shares, 233,334 shares, and 316,667 shares to the CEO, CFO and CSO, respectively; the options are exercisable at 3.00 per
share. 

On April 16, 2022, the Company entered into stock
option agreements with 5 directors, pursuant to which the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 761,920 shares of common
stock under the Plan, as amended, at an exercise price of 3 per share. The options were vested at the grant date and become exercisable
for 10 years from the grant date. 

As
of the date of this report, we have granted options under the Plan that can be exercised for an aggregate of 2,587,104 shares of Common
Stock. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table summarizes outstanding unexercised
options, unvested stocks and equity incentive plan awards held by each of our named executive officers, as of December 31, 2022: 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Options Exercise Prices ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Been Issued (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Been Issued ) 
 
 Howard Doong 
 85,715 
 10,715 
 - 
 2.00 
 Nov 20, 2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

400,001 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Oct 15, 2032 

152,384 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Apr 16, 2033 

Chihliang An 
 54,762 
 9,524 
 - 
 2.00 
 Nov 20, 2031 

233,334 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Oct 15, 2032 

152,384 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Apr 16, 2033 

Tsung-Shann Jiang 
 34,105 
 - 
 - 
 2.00 
 Nov 20, 2031 

30,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Oct 15, 2032 

152,384 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Apr 16, 2033 

Richard Chi-Hsin King 
 82,144 
 14,286 
 - 
 2.00 
 Nov 20, 2031 

316,667 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Oct 15, 2032 

152,384 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Apr 16, 2033 

Eugene Jiang 
 72,418 
 12,193 
 - 
 2.00 
 Nov 20, 2031 

30,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Oct 15, 2032 

152,384 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 Apr 16, 2033 

73 

Compensation of Directors 

We did not
pay stock options to directors in fiscal year 2022. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we
provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans
pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may
be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Employment Contracts 

Dr. Howard Doong has entered into an employment agreement Doong
Employment Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which he shall receive an annual base salary of 100,000. As of December 31,
2017, we paid Dr. Doong 20,833 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share price of 1.60 as opposed to cash compensation.
Under Doong Employment Agreement, Dr. Doong is employed as our CEO and President of the Company. We may terminate the employment for cause,
at any time, without notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive officer, such as conviction or plea of guilty to a felony
or grossly negligent or dishonest acts to our detriment, or misconduct or a failure to perform agreed duties. In such case, the executive
officer will not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits or other amounts by reason of the termination, and the executive
officer s right to all other benefits will terminate, except as required by any applicable law. We may also terminate an executive
officer s employment without cause upon one-month advance written notice. In such case of termination by us, we are required to
provide compensation to the executive officer, including severance pay equal to 12 months of base salary. The executive officer may terminate
the employment at any time with a one-month advance written notice if there is any significant change in the executive officer s
duties and responsibilities or a material reduction in the executive officer s annual salary. In such case, the executive officer
will be entitled to receive compensation equivalent to 12 months of the executive officer s base salary. On August 21, 2019, all
of the Board members present at the Meeting, unanimously reelected Dr. Howard Doong as the Chief Executive Officer CEO ),
which became effective on September 1, 2019 for a term of three years. 

On
September 4, 2022, the Board appointed Mr. Leeds Chow as the Company s Chief Financial Officer CFO and Principal
Accounting Officer effective from September 4, 2022 for a term of 3 years. 

Dr. Chi-Hsin Richard King has entered into an employment agreements King Employment Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which he shall receive an annual base salary of 50,000. As of
December 31, 2017, we paid Mr. King 10,416 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share price of 1.60 as opposed to cash
compensation. Under King Employment Agreement, Dr. King is employed as the CSO of the Company. We may terminate the employment for cause,
at any time, without notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive officer, such as conviction or plea of guilty to a felony
or grossly negligent or dishonest acts to our detriment, or misconduct or a failure to perform agreed duties. In such case, the executive
officer will not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits or other amounts by reason of the termination, and the executive
officer s right to all other benefits will terminate, except as required by any applicable law. We may also terminate an executive
officer s employment without cause upon one-month advance written notice. In such case of termination by us, we are required to
provide compensation to the executive officer, including severance pay equal to 12 months of base salary. The executive officer may terminate
the employment at any time with a one-month advance written notice if there is any significant change in the executive officer s
duties and responsibilities or a material reduction in the executive officer s annual salary. In such case, the executive officer
will be entitled to receive compensation equivalent to 12 months of the executive officer s base salary. On August 21, 2019, all
of the Board members present at the Meeting, unanimously reelected Dr. Richard King as the Chief Scientific Officer CSO ),
which became effective on September 1, 2019 for a term of three years. 

On
August 21, 2019, all of the Board members present at the Meeting, except Eugene Jiang, appointed Mr. Eugene Jiang, the current Chairman
of the Board, as the Chief Business Officer, effective since September 1, 2019 for a term of three years. Mr. Eugene Jiang excused himself
from the discussion regarding his appointment as the Chief Business Officer of the Company during the Board meeting. 

On
August 21, 2019, all of the Board members present at the Meeting, except Dr. Tsung-Shann Jiang, reelected Dr. Tsung-Shann Jiang as the
Chief Strategy Officer, effective since September 1, 2019 for a term of three years. Dr. Tsung-Shann Jiang excused himself from the discussion
regarding his appointment as the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company during the Board meeting. 

74 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWENERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Beneficial Owners 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 (i) each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known
by us to own more than five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (ii) each director, executive officer and director
nominee, and (iii) all of our directors, executive officers and director nominees as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For purposes of this table, a person or
group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock that such person has the
right to acquire within 60 days of the date of the respective table. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of
our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire
within 60 days of the date of the respective table is deemed to be outstanding for such person, but is not deemed to be outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned
does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address
of each beneficial owner listed is 44370 Old Warm Springs Blvd., Fremont, CA 94538. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed
below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent that power
may be shared with a spouse. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had 33,080,740
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Dr. Howard Doong 
 18,404 

Eugene Jiang (1) 
 702,246 
 2.3 
 
 Leeds Chow 
 2,728 

Chi-Hsin (Richard) King 
 869 

Yen-Hsin Chou 
 5,679 

Hsin-Hui Miao 
 - 

Dr. Tsang-Ming Jiang 
 6,067 

Norimi Sakamoto 
 4,667 

Dr. Tsung-Shann Jiang (2)(4) 
 11,980,752 
 36.2 
 
 Dr. Chang-Jen Jiang (3) 
 5,545 

Yoshinobu Odaira 
 163,702 

Che-Wei Hsu 
 3,346 

Shuling Jiang 
 - 

Yu-Min Chung 
 5,556 

All officers and directors as a group (Fourteen (14) persons) 
 12,899,540 
 39.0 
 
 YuanGene Corporation (4) 
 8,296,968 
 25.1 

less
than 1 . 

(1) Eugene
Jiang held 673,189 shares of the Company s common stock through his ownership in AsianGene, 3,743 shares of the Company s
common stock through his ownership in BioFirst, 121 shares of the Company s common stock through his ownership in Rgene, and the
rest of 25,173 shares through direct ownership. 

(2) Dr. Tsung-Shann
Jiang held 8,296,968 shares of common stock through his ownership in YuanGene Corporation, 2,277 shares of the Company s common
stock through BioLite, 16,829 shares through Rgene Corporation, 96,364 shares through BioFirst, 674,724 shares through Lion Arts, 509,878
shares through LionGene, 8,850 shares through Genepro Investment, 213,120 shares through Keypoint, and the rest of 2,161,742 shares
through direct ownership. 

(3) Dr.
Chang-Jen Jiang held 939 shares of common stock in the Company through his ownership in BioFirst, 5 shares of the Company s common
stock through Rgene, and the rest of 4,600 shares through direct ownership. 

(4) YuanGene
Corporation is a company wholly-owned by Lion Arts, which is owned by Shu-Ling Chiang (80 and Dr. Tsung-Shann Jiang (20 ); however,
YuanGene appointed Eugene Jiang to have sole voting control over the shares held by YuanGene, the principal office address of which is
2 nd floor, Building B, SNPF Plaza, Savalalo, Apia, Samoa. 

75 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity
incentive plans. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following
table discloses information as of December 31, 2022, with respect
to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance,
aggregated as follows: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Shares of common stock remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,587,104 
 2.79 
 3,860,211 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 2,587,104 
 2.79 
 3,860,211 

See, Item 11, Executive Compensation for additional
details about our option plan. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive
officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct
or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since January 1, 2020, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeds
the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years. 

Co-Development agreement with Rgene Corporation 

On November 10, 2020, the Company and Rgene signed
an amendment to the Co-Dev Agreement dated May 26, 2017, pursuant to which both parties agreed to delete AB-1507 HER2/neu Positive Breast
Cancer Combination Therapy and AB 1527 Ovary Cancer Combination Therapy and add ABV-1519 EGFR Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Combination
Therapy and ABV-1526 Large Intestine / Colon / Rectal Cancer Combination Therapy to the products to be co-developed and commercialized.
Other provisions of the Co-Dev Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

Clinical Development Service Agreement
with Rgene Corporation 

On June 10, 2022, the Company expanded its co-development
partnership with Rgene. BioKey, Inc. entered into a Clinical Development Service Agreement with Rgene Service Agreement to guide certain Rgene drug products, RGC-1501 for the treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), RGC-1502 for the treatment of
pancreatic cancer and RGC 1503 for the treatment of colorectal cancer patients, through completion of Phase II clinical studies under
U.S. FDA IND regulatory requirements (the Rgene Studies ). The Service Agreement shall remain in effect until the expiration
date of the last patent and automatically renew for 5 more years unless terminated earlier by either party with six months written notice.
Under the terms of the Service Agreement, BioKey is eligible to receive payments totaling up to 3.0 million over a 3-year period with
each payment amount to be determined by certain regulatory milestones obtained during the agreement period. 

Collaborative agreement with BioFirst Corporation 

On
November 4, 2020, we executed an amendment to our collaboration agreement with BioFirst dated July 24, 2017, to add ABV-2001
Intraocular Irrigation Solution and ABV-2002 Corneal Storage Solution to our agreement. ABV-2002 is intended to be utilized during a
corneal transplant procedure to replace a damaged or diseased cornea while ABV-2001 has broader utilization during a variety of
ocular procedures. 

Initially ABVC will focus on ABV-2002, a solution utilized to store
a donor cornea prior to either penetrating keratoplasty (full thickness cornea transplant) or endothelial keratoplasty (back layer cornea
transplant). Designated ABV-2002 under ABVC s product identification system, the solution is comprised of a specific poly amino
acid that protects ocular tissue from damage caused by external osmolarity exposure during pre-surgery storage. The specific polymer in
ABV 2002 can adjust osmolarity to maintain a range of 330 to 390 mOsM thereby permitting hydration within the corneal stroma during the
storage period. Stromal hydration results in (a) maintaining acceptable corneal transparency and (b) prevents donor cornea swelling. ABV-2002
also contains an abundant phenolic phytochemical found in plant cell walls that provides antioxidant antibacterial properties and neuroprotection. 

Early testing by BioFirst indicates that ABV-2002
may be more effective for protecting the cornea and retina during long-term storage than other storage media available today and can be
manufactured at lower cost. ABV-2002 is categorized as a Class I Medical Device that has the lowest risk to patients; however, further
clinical development was put on hold due to the lack of funding. 

On May 11, 2018, the Company and BioFirst (Australia)
entered into a loan agreement for a total amount of 40,000 to meet its working capital needs. The advances bear 0 interest rate and
are due on demand prior to September 30, 2020. Afterwards, all outstanding load will bear interest rate at 12 per annum. On July 1, 2020,
the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for 361,487 to properly record R D cost and tax refund allocation
based on co-development contract executed on July 24, 2017. The loan was originally set to mature on September 30, 2021 with an interest
rate of 6.5 per annum, however, on September 7, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for 67,873
to meet its new project needs. On December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for 250,000 to
increase the cost for upcoming projects. The loan has an interest rate of 6.5 per annum and matured on November 30, 2022. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of outstanding loans and accrued interest was 1,028,556 and 491,816, respectively. 

76 

Joint Venture Agreement 

On October 6, 2021 (the Completion
Date ), the Company, Lucidaim Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation Lucidaim , together with the Company,
the Shareholders ), and BioLite Japan K.K., a Japanese corporation Biolite JP entered into
a Joint Venture Agreement (the Agreement ). Biolite JP is a private limited company (a Japanese Kabushiki
Kaisha incorporated on December 18, 2018 and at the date of the Agreement has 10,000 ordinary shares authorized, with 3,049 ordinary
shares issued and outstanding (the Ordinary Shares ). Immediately prior to the execution of the Agreement, Lucidaim
owned 1,501 Ordinary Shares and the Company owned 1,548 Ordinary Shares. The Shareholders entered into the joint venture
to formally reduce to writing their desire to invest in and operate Biolite JP as a joint venture. The business of the joint venture
shall be the research and development of drugs, medical device and digital media, investment, fund running and consulting, distribution
and marketing of supplements carried on by Biolite JP and its subsidiaries in Japan, or any other territory or businesses as may from
time to time be agreed by an amendment to the Agreement. The closing of the transaction is conditioned upon the approval and receipt
of all necessary government approvals, which have been received. 

Pursuant to the Agreement and the related share
transfer agreement, the Company shall transfer 54 of its Ordinary Shares to Lucidaim for no consideration, such that following
the transfer, Lucidaim shall own 1,555 Ordinary Shares (51 and the Company shall own 1,494 Ordinary Shares (49 ).
Also pursuant to the Agreement, there shall be 3 directors of Biolite JP, consisting of 1 director appointed by the Company and 2 appointed
by Lucidiam. The Company shall appoint Eugene Jiang, the Company s current Chairman and Chief Business Officer and Lucidaim shall
appoint Michihito Onishi; the current director of Biolite JP, Toru Seo (who is also a director of BioLite Japan s other shareholder),
is considered the second Lucidaim director. The Agreement further provides that the Company and Biolite JP shall assign the research
collaboration and license agreement between them to Biolite JP or prepare the same (the License Agreement ). The
aforementioned transactions occurred on the Completion Date. 

As per the Agreement, the Shareholders shall
supervise and manage the business and operations of Biolite JP. The directors shall not be entitled to any renumeration for their services
as a director and each Shareholder can remove and replace the director he/she/it appointed. If a Shareholder sells or disposes of all
of its Ordinary Shares, the director such Shareholder appointed must tender his/her resignation. The Agreement also sets forth certain
corporate actions that must be pre-approved by all Shareholders (the Reserved Matters ). If the Shareholders are
unable to make a decision on any Reserved Matter, then either Shareholder can submit a deadlock notice to the other shareholder, 5 days
after which they must refer the matter to each Shareholder s chairman and use good faith to resolve the dispute. If such dispute
is not resolved within 10 days thereafter, then either Shareholder can offer to buy all of the other Shareholder s Ordinary Shares
for cash at a specified price; if there is not affirmative acceptance of the sale, the sale shall proceed as set forth in the sale offer. 

Each of the Shareholders maintains a pre-emptive
right to purchase such number of additional Ordinary Shares as would allow such Shareholder to maintain its ownership percentage in Biolite
JP if Biolite JP issues any new Ordinary Shares. However, the Agreement provides that the Company shall lose its pre-emptive rights under
certain conditions. The Shareholders also maintain a right of first refusal if the other Shareholder receives an offer to buy such shareholder s
Ordinary Shares. 

The Agreement also requires Biolite JP to obtain
a bank facility in the amount of JPY 30,460,000 (approximately USD272,000), for its initial working capital purposes. Pursuant
to the Agreement, each Shareholder agrees to guarantee such bank facility if the bank requires a guarantee. Accordingly, the Company
may be liable for the bank facility in an amount up to JPY 14,925,400 (approximately USD134,000), which represents 49 
of the maximum bank facility. The Agreement further provides that Biolite JP shall issue annual dividends at the rate of at least 1.5 
of Biolite JP s profits, if it has sufficient cash to do so. 

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company and Biolite JP agree to use their best efforts to execute the License Agreement by the end of December
2021, but since it was not yet executed, the parties continue such efforts. The Company agreed that any negotiation on behalf of Biolite
JP regarding the terms of the License Agreement shall be handled by the directors appointed by Lucidaim. If the Company and such Lucidaim
directors do not reach agreement on the terms, Biolite JP may at its sole discretion determine not to execute the License Agreement without
any liability to the Company. 

The Agreement contains non-solicitation and non-compete
clauses for a period of 2 years after a Shareholder or its subsidiaries ceases to be a Shareholder, with such restrictive covenants limited
to business within the ophthalmologic filed or central neurological field. Any rights to intellectual property that arise from Biolite
JP s activities, shall belong to Biolite JP. 

The Agreement contains standard indemnification
terms, except that no indemnifying party shall have any liability for an individual liability unless it exceeds JPY 500,000 (approximately
USD4,500) and until the aggregate amount of all liabilities exceeds JPY 2,000,000 (approximately USD18,000) and then only to
the extent such liability exceed such limit. 

The Company paid 150,000 towards the setup
of the joint venture; BioLite Japan s other shareholder also paid 150,000 after the Letter of Intent was signed. 

The Agreement shall continue for 10 years, unless
earlier terminated. The Agreement also allows a Shareholder to terminate the agreement upon certain defaults committed by another Shareholder,
as set forth in the Agreement. 

77 

Agreement with BioLite, Inc. 

We entered into a Collaborative Agreement with
BioLite, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Taiwan, and a subsidiary of the Company, BioLite on December
29, 2015, and then entered into two addendums to such agreement (as amended and revised, (the Agreement ). The majority
shareholder of BioLite is one of the Company s subsidiaries, the Company s Chairman is a director of BioLite and Dr. Jiang,
the Company s Chief Strategy Officer and a director, is the Chairman of BioLite. 

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company acquired
the sole licensing rights to develop and commercialize for therapeutic purposes six compounds from BioLite. In accordance with the terms
of the Agreement, the Company shall pay BioLite (i) milestone payments of up to 100 million in cash and equity of the Company or equity
securities owned by it at various stages on a schedule dictated by BioLite s achievements of certain milestones, as set forth in
the Agreement (the Milestone Payments and (ii) a royalty payment equal to 5 of net sales of the drug products when ABV-1501
is approved for sale in the licensed territories. If BioLite fails to reach any of the milestones in a timely manner, it may not receive
the rest of the payments from the Company. According to the Agreement, after Phase II clinical trials are completed, 15 of the Milestone
Payment becomes due and shall be paid in two stages: (i) 5 no later than December 31, 2021 (the December 2021 Payment and (ii) 10 no later than December 31, 2022. On February 12, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors determined that the December
2021 Payment, which is equal to 5,000,000, shall be paid via the cancellation of certain outstanding debt, in the amount of 5,000,000,
that BioLite owes the Company as of December 31, 2021. On February 22, 2022, the parties entered into an amendment to the Agreement allowing
the Company to make all payments due under the Agreement via the forgiveness of debt, in equal value, owed by BioLite to the Company. 

This
was a related party transaction and was conducted at arm s length. In addition to the Company s board of directors approving
the modification of terms of the Agreement, the Company s audit committee approved them too. The Board believes it is in the Company s
best interest to cancel outstanding debt and apply it to the December 2021 Payment. 

Following such approval, the Company and BioLite
entered into an amendment to the Agreement reflecting the modified payment method. 

Other related party transactions 

Due from related parties: 

(1) As of December 31, 2021, due from Rgene amounted
to 49,110. Under the terms of the loan agreement, the loan bears interest at 1 per month (or equivalent to 12 per annum) and the maturity
date was December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding loan balance was 33,520; and accrued interest was 13,701, respectively.
On January 1, 2021, BioLite Taiwan entered into a consultant services agreement with Rgene, of which the amount due from Rgene was 1,889
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On June 16, 2022, the Company entered into a one-year convertible loan
agreement with Rgene, with a principal amount of 1,000,000 to Rgene which bears interest at 5 per annum for the use of working capital
that, if fully converted, would result in ABVC owning an additional 6.4 of Rgene. The Company may convert the Note at any time into shares
of Rgene s common stock at either (i) a fixed conversion price equal to 1.00 per share or (ii) 20 discount of the stock price
of the then most recent offering, whichever is lower; the conversion price is subject to adjustment as set forth in the Note. The Note
includes standard events of default, as well as a cross-default provision pursuant to which a breach of the Service Agreement will trigger
an event of default under the convertible note if not cured after 5 business days of written notice regarding the breach is provided.
As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan balance was 500,000; and accrued interest was 13,819. 

78 

(2) 
 On July 1, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for 361,487 to properly record R D cost and tax refund allocation based on co-development contract executed on July 24, 2017. The loan was originally set to be mature on September 30, 2021 with an interest rate of 6.5 per annum, but on September 7, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for 67,873 to meet its new project needs. On December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with BioFirst (Australia) for 250,000 to increase the cost for upcoming projects. The loan will be matured on November 30, 2022 with an interest rate of 6.5 per annum. In 2022, the Company entered into several loan agreements with BioFirst (Australia) for a total amount of 507,000 to increase the cost for upcoming projects. All the loans period was twelve months with an interest rate of 6.5 per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of outstanding loan and accrued interest was 1,028,556 and 491,816, respectively. 

(3) 
 On February 24, 2015, BioLite Taiwan and BioHopeKing Corporation (the BHK entered into a co-development agreement, (the BHK Co-Development Agreement , see Note 3). The development costs shall be shared 50/50 between BHK and the Company. Under the term of the agreement, BioLite issued relevant development cost to BHK. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due from BHK was 112,822 and 124,972, respectively. 

(4) 
 On May 8, 2020, the Company and Lucidaim entered into a Letter of Intent (LOI) in regard to a potential joint venture of BioLite Japan. Based on the LOI, each party will advance an aggregated amount of 150,000 to meet BioLite Japan s working capital needs, which the Company advanced an amount of 150,000 and the advance bear 0 interest rate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding advance balances was 0 and 150,000, respectively. The outstanding balance was reclassified as prepayment for long-term investments due to the debt-to-equity agreement with BioLite Japan, while format document is pending to be executed. 

Due to related parties: 

(1) 
 Since 2019, BioFirst has advanced funds to the Company for working capital purpose. The advances bear interest 1 per month (or equivalent to 12 per annum). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of outstanding balance and accrued interest is 188,753, a combination of 147,875 from loan, and 40,878 from expense-sharing, and 40,878, respectively. 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, BioFirst (Australia) has advanced the Company an aggregate amount of 275,900 and 132,443, respectively for new project purpose. 

(3) 
 Since 2019, the Jiangs advanced funds to the Company for working capital purpose. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance due to the Jiangs amounted to 19,789 and 18,750, respectively. These loans bear interest rate of 0 to 1 per month, and are due on demand. 

(4) 
 Since 2018, the Company s shareholders have advanced funds to the Company for working capital purpose. The advances bear interest rate from 12 to 13.6224 per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal and accrued interest was 151,450 and 168,131, respectively. Interest expenses in connection with these loans were 22,779 and 22,779 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

None of our management or other control persons
were promoters (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act), and none of such persons took the initiative
in the formation of our business or received any of our debt or equity securities or any of the proceeds from the sale of such securities
in exchange for the contribution of property or services, during the last five years. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Various audit, audit related and non-audit services to us is as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 271,000 
 249,350 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 39,436 
 78,750 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 310,436 
 328,100 

Audit Fees. Audit Fees consists of
fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for the contemporaneous audit of our annual financial statements
and the review of quarterly financial statements or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit Related Fees. Audit Related
Fees consists of fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees and All Other Fees. Tax
Fees and All Other Fees Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported
under Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees above. 

79 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) List of Financial statements included
in Part II hereof 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 1171) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(a)(2) List of Financial Statement schedules
included in Part IV hereof: None. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included herewith: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated February 8, 2016 (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company, as amended+ 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on March 21, 2016 (4) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on December 21, 2016 (5) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on March 30, 2020 (6) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on February 17, 2021 (3) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant (7) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (27) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant for Lind Offering (30) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Collaboration Agreement dated December 29, 2015 (8) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Collaborative Agreement and Milestone Payment Agreement dated June 9, 2016 (9) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Addendum to the Collaboration Agreement dated January 12, 2017 (11) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Collaboration Agreement with BioFirst dated July 24, 2017 (12) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Co-Development Agreement with Rgene dated May 26, 2017 (13) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement with Leeds Chow+ 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note entered by American BriVision (Holding) Corporation (17) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Commercial Security Agreement (18) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement entered into by and between the Company and non-US person (19) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement entered into by and between the Company and non-US person (20) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company and U.S. investors (21) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company and non-U.S. investors (22) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated American BriVision (Holding) Corporation 2016 Equity Incentive (28) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement between the Company, Lucidaim Co., Ltd. And BioLite Japan K.K.(26) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company and certain investors dated May 11, 2022 (25) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Clinical Development Service Agreement between the Company and Rgene dated June 10, 2022 (portions of the exhibit have been omitted because they (i) are not material and (ii) is the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential) (10) 

80 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note dated June 16, 2022 issued by Rgene Corporation to the Company (29) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement(30) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Note(30) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Warrant(30) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Security Agreement(30) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Guarantor Security Agreement(30) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Guaranty(30) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Trademark Security Agreement with Rgene Corporation(30) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Trademark Security Agreement with BioFirst Corporation(30) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Patent Security Agreement(30) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Copyright Security Agreement(30) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement(30) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (23) 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from KCCW Accountancy Corp. to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (24) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries+ 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 + 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 + 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ++ 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ++ 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ 
 Filed herewith 
 
 ++ 
 Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2016. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.01 to the Company s Form SB-2 filed on June 28, 2002 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 28, 2016. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on September 13, 2016. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on April 7, 2020 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 24, 2020 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2016. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 9, 2016. 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 21, 2022. 

81 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 22, 2017. 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 24, 2017. 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 30, 2017. 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 20, 2017. 

(15) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 20, 2017. 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 1, 2019. 

(17) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 1, 2019. 

(18) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 1, 2019. 

(19) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 24, 2020. 

(20) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 14, 2020. 

(21) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed May 15, 2020. 

(22) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed May 15, 2020 

(23) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Amendment No.1 to Form S-1, filed on November 14, 2016. 

(24) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 21, 2022. 

(25) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 12, 2022. 

(26) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 8, 2021. 

(27) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 16, 2021. 

(28) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 16, 2021. 

(29) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 21, 2022. 

(30) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2023. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

82 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 31, 2023. 

ABVC BioPharma, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Howard Doong 

Howard Doong 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Howard Doong 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Howard Doong 

/s/ Eugene Jiang 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Eugene Jiang 

/s/ Leeds Chow 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Leeds Chow 

/s/ Yen-Hsin Chou 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yen-Hsin Chou 

/s/ Hsin-Hui Miao 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Hsin-Hui Miao 

/s/ Tsang-Ming Jiang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Tsang-Ming Jiang 

/s/ Shuling Jiang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Shuling Jiang 

/s/ Norimi Sakamoto 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Norimi Sakamoto 

/s/ Tsung-Shann Jiang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Tsung-Shann Jiang 

/s/ Chang-Jen Jiang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Chang-Jen Jiang 

/s/ Yoshinobu Odaira 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yoshinobu Odaira 

/s/ Che-Wei Hsu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Che-Wei Hsu 

/s/ Yu-Min (Francis) Chung 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yu-Min (Francis) Chung 

83 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-2_abvcbiopharma.htm
 BYLAWS OF THE COMPANY, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 3.2 

BYLAWS 

 OF 

 ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. 

A NEVADA CORPORATION 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE 
 
 PAGE 

ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.1 
 Business Office 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.2 
 Registered Office 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.3 
 Principal Office 
 
 1 

ARTICLE II 
 SHAREHOLDERS 

Section 2.1 
 Annual Shareholder Meeting 
 
 1 
 
 Section 2.2 
 Special Shareholder Meetings 
 
 1 
 
 Section 2.3 
 Place of Shareholder Meetings 
 
 1 
 
 Section 2.4 
 Notice of Shareholder Meetings 
 
 1 
 
 Section 2.5 
 Meetings by Telecommunications 
 
 2 
 
 Section 2.6 
 Fixing of Record Date 
 
 2 
 
 Section 2.7 
 Shareholder List 
 
 3 
 
 Section 2.8 
 Shareholder Quorum and
 Voting Requirements 
 
 3 
 
 Section 2.9 
 Increasing Either Quorum
 or Voting Requirements 
 
 3 
 
 Section 2.10 
 Proxies 
 
 4 
 
 Section 2.11 
 Voting of Shares 
 
 4 
 
 Section 2.12 
 Corporation s Acceptance
 of Votes 
 
 4 
 
 Section 2.13 
 Inspectors of Election 
 
 5 
 
 Section 2.14 
 Shareholder Action Without
 Meeting 
 
 5 
 
 Section 2.15 
 Election of Directors 
 
 5 
 
 Section 2.16 
 Business at Annual Meeting 
 
 5 
 
 Section 2.17 
 Conduct of Meeting 
 
 6 
 
 Section 2.18 
 Shareholder s Rights to
 Inspect Corporate Records 
 
 6 
 
 Section 2.19 
 Financial Statements Shall
 be Furnished to the Shareholders 
 
 7 
 
 Section 2.20 
 Dissenter Rights 
 
 7 

ARTICLE III 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 7 
 
 Section 3.1 
 General Powers 
 
 7 
 
 Section 3.2 
 Number, Tenure, and Qualification
 of Directors 
 
 7 
 
 Section 3.3 
 Regular Meetings of the
 Board of Directors 
 
 7 
 
 Section 3.4 
 Special Meetings of the
 Board of Directors 
 
 7 
 
 Section 3.5 
 Notice of, and Waiver of
 Notice for, Special Director Meetings 
 
 7 
 
 Section 3.6 
 Director Quorum 
 
 7 
 
 Section 3.7 
 Directors, Manner of Acting 
 
 8 
 
 Section 3.8 
 Establishing a Supermajority 
 Quorum or Voting Requirement for the Board of Directors 
 
 8 
 
 Section 3.9 
 Director Action Without
 a Meeting 
 
 8 
 
 Section 3.10 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 8 
 
 Section 3.11 
 Board of Director Vacancies 
 
 9 
 
 Section 3.12 
 Director Compensation 
 
 9 
 
 Section 3.13 
 Director Committees 
 
 9 

i 

ARTICLE IV 
 OFFICERS 
 10 
 
 Section 4.1 
 Number of Officers 
 10 
 
 Section 4.2 
 Appointment and Term of Office 
 10 
 
 Section 4.3 
 Removal of Officers 
 10 
 
 Section 4.4 
 President 
 10 
 
 Section 4.5 
 Vice-Presidents 
 10 
 
 Section 4.6 
 Secretary 
 10 
 
 Section 4.7 
 Treasurer 
 11 
 
 Section 4.8 
 Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers 
 11 
 
 Section 4.9 
 Salaries 
 11 

ARTICLE V 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES 
 11 
 
 Section 5.1 
 Indemnification of Directors 
 11 
 
 Section 5.2 
 Advance Expenses for Directors 
 11 
 
 Section 5.3 
 Indemnification of Officers, Agents, and Employees Who are not Directors 
 11 

ARTICLE VI 
 CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER 
 12 
 
 Section 6.1 
 Certificates for Shares 
 12 
 
 Section 6.2 
 Shares Without Certificates 
 12 
 
 Section 6.3 
 Registration of the Transfer of Shares 
 12 
 
 Section 6.4 
 Restrictions on Transfer of Shares Permitted 
 13 
 
 Section 6.5 
 Acquisition of Shares 
 13 

ARTICLE VII 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 13 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 CORPORATE SEAL 
 14 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 DIRECTORS CONFLICTING INTEREST TRANSACTIONS 
 14 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 AMENDMENTS 
 14 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 FISCAL YEAR 
 14 

ii 

BYLAWS 

 OF 

 ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. 

ARTICLE I 

 OFFICES 

Section 1.1 Registered Office. The registered office shall be in the
city of Zephyr Cove, State of Nevada. 

Section 1.2 Location of Offices. The corporation
may maintain such offices within or without the state of Nevada as the board of directors may from time to time designate or require. 

Section 1.3 Principal Office. The address of the
principal office of the corporation shall be at the address of the Registered office of the corporation as so designated in the office
of the Secretary of State of the state of incorporation, or at such other address as the board of directors shall from time to time determine. 

ARTICLE II 

 SHAREHOLDERS 

Section 2.1 Annual Shareholder Meeting. The annual
meeting of the shareholders shall be held within 150 days of the close of the corporation s fiscal year, at a time and date as is determined
by the corporation s board of directors, for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting. If the day fixed for the annual meeting shall be a legal holiday in the state of Nevada, such meeting shall be held
on the next succeeding business day. 

If the election of directors shall not be held
on the day designated herein for any annual meeting of the shareholders, or at any subsequent continuation after adjournment thereof,
the board of directors shall cause the election to be held at a special meeting of the shareholders as soon thereafter as convenient.
The failure to hold an annual or special meeting does not affect the validity of any corporate action or work a forfeiture or dissolution
of the corporation. 

Section 2.2 Special Shareholder Meetings. Special
meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes described in the meeting notice, may be called by the president or by the board
of directors and shall be called by the president at the request of the holders of not less than one- tenth of all outstanding votes of
the corporation entitled to be cast on any issue at the meeting. 

Section 2.3 Place of Shareholder Meetings. The
board of directors may designate any place, either within or without the state of Nevada, as the place of meeting for any annual or any
special meeting of the shareholders, unless by written consents, which may be in the form of waivers of notice or otherwise, a majority
of shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting may designate a different place, either within or without the state of Nevada, as the
place for the holding of such meeting. If no designation is made by either the directors or majority action of the voting shareholders,
the place of meeting shall be the principal office of the corporation. 

Section 2.4 Notice of Shareholder Meetings. 

(a) Required Notice. Written notice stating the place, day, and time of any annual or special shareholder meeting shall be delivered not
less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, either in person, by any form of electronic communication, by mail,
by private carrier, or by any other manner provided for in the Act, by or at the direction of the president, the board of directors, or
other persons calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record, entitled to vote at such meeting and to any other shareholder entitled
by the Act or the articles of incorporation to receive notice of the meeting. Notice shall be deemed to be effective at the earlier of:
(1) when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the shareholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books of
the corporation, with postage thereon prepaid (2) on the date shown on the return receipt if sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, and the receipt is signed by or on behalf of the addressee (3) when received or (4) five days after
deposit in the United States mail, if mailed postpaid and correctly addressed to an address other than that shown in the corporation s
current record of shareholders. 

1 

(b) Adjourned Meeting. If any shareholder meeting is adjourned to a different date, time, or place, notice need not be given of the new
date, time, and place, if the new date, time, and place is announced at the meeting before adjournment. If a new record date for the adjourned
meeting is, or must be fixed (see section 2.5 of this Article II) or if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, then notice must be
given pursuant to the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section 2.4, to those persons who are shareholders as of the new record date. 

(c) Waiver of Notice. The shareholder may waive notice of the meeting (or any notice required by the Act, articles of incorporation, or
bylaws), by a writing signed by the shareholder entitled to the notice, which is delivered to the corporation (either before or after
the date and time stated in the notice) for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records. 

(d) Shareholder Attendance. A shareholder s attendance at a meeting: 

(1) waives objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder at the beginning
of the meeting objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting and 

(2) waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose
or purposes described in the meeting notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the matter when it is presented. 

(e) Contents of Notice. The notice of each special shareholder meeting shall include a description of the
purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Except as provided in this section 2.4(e), the articles of incorporation, or otherwise
in the Act, the notice of an annual shareholder meeting need not include a description of the purpose or purposes for which the meeting
is called. 

If a purpose of any shareholder meeting is to
consider either: (1) a proposed amendment to the articles of incorporation (including any restated articles requiring shareholder approval) 
(2) a plan of merger or share exchange (3) the sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of all, or substantially all of the corporation s
property (4) the dissolution of the corporation or (5) the removal of a director, the notice must so state and, to the extent
applicable, be accompanied by a copy or summary of the: (1) articles of amendment (2) plan of merger or share exchange (3)
agreement for the disposition of all or substantially all of the corporation s property or the terms of the dissolution. If the
proposed corporate action creates dissenters rights, the notice must state that shareholders are, or may be entitled to assert dissenters 
rights, and must be accompanied by a copy of the provisions of the Act governing such rights. 

Section 2.5 Meetings by Telecommunications. Any
or all of the shareholders may participate in an annual or special meeting of shareholders by, or the meeting may be conducted through
the use of, any means of communication by which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other during the meeting. A shareholder
participating in a meeting by this means is considered to be present in person at the meeting. 

Section 2.6 Fixing of Record Date. For the purpose
of determining shareholders of any voting group entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders, or shareholders entitled
to receive payment of any distribution or dividend, or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any other proper purpose,
the board of directors may fix in advance a date as the record date. Such record date shall not be more than 70 days prior to the meeting
of shareholders or the payment of any distribution or dividend. 

If no record date is so fixed by the board of
directors for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at a meeting of shareholders, or shareholders entitled
to receive a share dividend or distribution, or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any other proper purpose, the record
date for determination of such shareholders shall be at the close of business on: 

(a) With respect to an annual shareholder meeting or any special shareholder meeting called by the board of
directors or any person specifically authorized by the board of directors or these bylaws to call a meeting, the day before the first
notice is delivered to shareholders 

(b) With respect to a special shareholders meeting demanded by the shareholders, the date the first shareholder
signs the demand 

(c) With respect to the payment of a share dividend, the date the board of directors authorizes the share
dividend 

2 

(d) With respect to actions taken in writing without a meeting (pursuant to Article II, section 2.12), the
date the first shareholder signs a consent and 

(e) With respect to a distribution to shareholders (other than one involving a repurchase or reacquisition
of shares), the date the board authorizes the distribution. 

When a determination of shareholders entitled
to vote at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this section 2.6, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof unless the board of directors fixes a new record date. A new record date must be fixed if the meeting is adjourned to a date more
than 120 days after the date fixed for the original meeting. 

Section 2.7 Shareholder List. The officer or agent
having charge of the stock transfer books for shares of the corporation shall make a complete record of the shareholders entitled to vote
at each meeting of shareholders, arranged in alphabetical order with the address of and the number of shares held by each. The list must
be arranged by voting group (if such exists, see Article II, section 2.8) and within each voting group by class or series of shares. The
shareholder list must be available for inspection by any shareholder, beginning on the earlier of ten days before the meeting for which
the list was prepared or two business days after notice of the meeting is given for which the list was prepared and continuing through
the meeting. The list shall be available at the corporation s principal office or at a place identified in the meeting notice in the city
where the meeting is to be held. A shareholder, or his agent or attorney, is entitled, on written demand, to inspect and, subject to the
requirements of section 2.18 of this Article II and sections 16-10a-1602 and 16-10a-1603 of the Act, or any sections of like tenor as
from time to time amended, to inspect and copy the list during regular business hours, at his expense, during the period it is available
for inspection. The corporation shall maintain the shareholder list in written form or in another form capable of conversion into written
form within a reasonable time. 

Section 2.8 Shareholder Quorum and Voting Requirements.
If the articles of incorporation or the Act provides for voting by a single voting group on a matter, action on that matter is taken when
voted upon by that voting group. 

Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group
may take action on a matter at a meeting only if a quorum of those shares exists with respect to that matter. Unless the articles of incorporation,
a bylaw adopted pursuant to section 2.9 of this Article II, or the Act provides otherwise, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast
on the matter by the voting group constitutes a quorum of that voting group for action on that matter. 

If the articles of incorporation or the Act provides
for voting by two or more voting groups on a matter, action on that matter is taken only when voted upon by each of those voting groups
counted separately. Action may be taken by one voting group on a matter even though no action is taken by another voting group entitled
to vote on the matter. 

Once a share is represented for any purpose at
a meeting, it is deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a
new record date is or must be set for that adjourned meeting. 

If a quorum exists, action on a matter (other
than the election of directors) by a voting group is approved if the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the
votes cast opposing the action, unless the articles of incorporation, a bylaw adopted pursuant to section 2.9 of this Article II, or the
Act require a greater number of affirmative votes. 

Section 2.9 Increasing Either Quorum or Voting
Requirements. For purposes of this section 2.9, a supermajority quorum is a requirement that more than a majority of the votes
of the voting group be present to constitute a quorum and a supermajority voting requirement is any requirement that
requires the vote of more than a majority of the affirmative votes of a voting group at a meeting. 

The shareholders, but only if specifically authorized
to do so by the articles of incorporation, may adopt, amend, or delete a bylaw which fixes a supermajority quorum or supermajority 
voting requirement. 

The adoption or amendment of a bylaw that adds,
changes, or deletes a supermajority quorum or voting requirement for shareholders must meet the same quorum requirement and
be adopted by the same vote and voting groups required to take action under the quorum and voting requirement then in effect or proposed
to be adopted, whichever is greater. 

3 

A bylaw that fixes a supermajority quorum or voting
requirement for shareholders may not be adopted, amended, or repealed by the board of directors. 

Section 2.10 Proxies. At all meetings of shareholders,
a shareholder may vote in person, or vote by proxy, executed in writing by the shareholder or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact.
Such proxy shall be filed with the secretary of the corporation or other person authorized to tabulate votes before or at the time of
the meeting. No proxy shall be valid after 11 months from the date of its execution unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 

Section 2.11 Voting of Shares. Unless otherwise
provided in the articles of incorporation, each outstanding share entitled to vote shall be entitled to one vote upon each matter submitted
to a vote at a meeting of shareholders. 

Except as provided by specific court order, no
shares held by another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote for the election of directors of such other corporation
are held by the corporation, shall be voted at any meeting or counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given
time for purposes of any meeting provided, however, the prior sentence shall not limit the power of the corporation to vote any
shares, including its own shares, held by it in a fiduciary capacity. 

Redeemable shares are not entitled to vote after
notice of redemption is mailed to the holders and a sum sufficient to redeem the shares has been deposited with a bank, trust company,
or other financial institution under an irrevocable obligation to pay the holders the redemption price on surrender of the shares. 

Section 2.12 Corporation s Acceptance of Votes. 

(a) If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment or revocation corresponds to the name
of a shareholder, the corporation if acting in good faith is entitled to accept the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment or revocation
and give it effect as the act of the shareholder. 

(b) If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment or revocation does not correspond
to the name of its shareholder, the corporation, if acting in good faith, is nevertheless entitled to accept the vote, consent, waiver,
or proxy appointment or revocation and give it effect as the act of the shareholder if: 

(1) the shareholder is an entity as defined in the Act and the name signed purports to be that of an officer
or agent of the entity 

(2) the name signed purports to be that of an administrator, executor, guardian, or conservator representing
the shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence of fiduciary status acceptable to the corporation has been presented with respect
to the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment or revocation 

(3) the name signed purports to be that of receiver or trustee in bankruptcy of the shareholder and, if the
corporation requests, evidence of this status acceptable to the corporation has been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver,
or proxy appointment or revocation 

(4) the name signed purports to be that of a pledgee, beneficial owner, or attorney-in-fact of the shareholder
and, if the corporation requests, evidence acceptable to the corporation of the signatory s authority to sign for the shareholder has
been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment or revocation and 

(5) two or more persons are the shareholder as co-tenants or fiduciaries and the name signed purports to be
the name of at least one of the co-owners and the person signing appears to be acting on behalf of all the co-owners. 

(c) The corporation is entitled to reject a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment or revocation if the
secretary or other officer or agent authorized to tabulate votes, acting in good faith, has reasonable basis for doubt about the validity
of the signature or about the signatory s authority to sign for the shareholder. 

(d) The corporation and its officer or agent who accepts or rejects a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment
or revocation in good faith and in accordance with the standards of this section are not liable in damages to the shareholder for the
consequences of the acceptance or rejection. 

(e) Corporate action based on the acceptance or rejection of a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment
or revocation under this section 2.12 is valid unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise. 

4 

Section 2.13 Inspectors of Election. There shall
be appointed at least one inspector of the vote. Such inspector shall first take and subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute
the duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. Unless appointed in advance
of any such meeting by the board of directors, such inspector shall be appointed for the meeting by the presiding officer. In the absence
of any such appointment, the secretary of the corporation shall act as the inspector. No candidate for the office of director (whether
or not then a director) shall be appointed as such inspector. Such inspector shall be responsible for tallying and certifying each vote,
whether made in person or by proxy. 

Section 2.14 Shareholder Action Without Meeting.
Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders, except for the election of directors as set forth in section
2.15 of this Article II, may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if one or more consents in writing, setting forth the
action so taken, shall be signed by shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
or take the action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof are present. Directors
may be elected without a meeting of shareholders by the written consent of the shareholders holding all of the shares entitled to vote
for the election of directors. Unless the written consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have been obtained, notice of any shareholder
approval without a meeting shall be given at least ten days before the consummation of the action authorized by the approval to (i) those
shareholders entitled to vote who have not consented in writing, and (ii) those shareholders not entitled to vote and to whom the Act
requires that notice of the proposed action be given. If the act to be taken requires that notice be given to nonvoting shareholders,
the corporation shall give the nonvoting shareholders written notice of the proposed action at least ten days before the action is taken.
The notice shall contain or be accompanied by the same material that would have been required if a formal meeting had been called to consider
the action. A consent signed under this section 2.14 has the effect of a meeting vote and may be described as such in any document. The
written consents are only effective if received by the corporation within a 60 day period and not revoked prior to the receipt of the
written consent of that number of shareholders necessary to effectuate such action. Action taken pursuant to a written consent is effective
as of the date the last written consent necessary to effect the action is received by the corporation, unless all of the written consents
necessary to effect the action specify a later date as the effective date of the action, in which case the later date shall be the effective
date of the action. If the corporation has received written consents signed by all shareholders entitled to vote with respect to the action,
the effective date of the action may be any date that is specified in all the written consents as the effective date of the action. Such
consents may be executed in any number of counterparts or evidenced by any number of instruments of substantially similar tenor. 

Section 2.15 Election of Directors. At all meetings
of the shareholders at which directors are to be elected, except as otherwise set forth in any stock designation with respect to the right
of the holders of any class or series of stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, directors shall be elected
by a plurality of the votes cast at the meeting. The election need not be by ballot unless any shareholder so demands before the voting
begins. Except as otherwise provided by law, the articles of incorporation, any preferred stock designation, or these bylaws, all matters
other than the election of directors submitted to the shareholders at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast with
respect thereto. 

Section 2.16 Business at Annual Meeting. At any
annual meeting of the shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting (a) by or at the
direction of the board of directors or (b) by any shareholder of record of the corporation who is entitled to vote with respect thereto.
Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be brought before or conducted at an annual meeting except
in accordance with the provisions of this section. The officer of the corporation or other person presiding at the annual meeting shall,
if the facts so warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance
with such provisions, and if such presiding officer should so determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought
before the meeting in accordance with such provisions and if such presiding officer should so determine, such presiding officer shall
so declare to the meeting, and any such business so determined to be not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 

5 

Section 2.17 Conduct of Meeting. The board of
directors of the corporation shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of shareholders as it shall
deem necessary, appropriate, or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the board of directors, if any, the chairman of the
meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations, and procedures and do all such acts as, in the judgment
of such chairman, are necessary, appropriate, or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing
an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting, and the safety of those present,
limitations on participation in such meeting to shareholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies,
and such other persons as the chairman shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof,
limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting
on matters which are to be voted on by ballot, unless, and to the extent, determined by the board of directors or the chairman of the
meeting, meetings of shareholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 

Section 2.18 Shareholder s Rights to Inspect Corporate
Records. 

(a) Minutes and Accounting Records. The corporation shall keep as permanent records minutes of all meetings
of its shareholders and board of directors, a record of all actions taken by the shareholders or board of directors without a meeting,
and a record of all actions taken by a committee of the board of directors in place of the board of directors on behalf of the corporation.
The corporation shall maintain appropriate accounting records. 

(b) Absolute Inspection Rights of Records Required at Principal Office. If a shareholder gives the corporation
written notice of his demand at least five business days before the date on which he wishes to inspect and copy, such shareholder (or
his agent or attorney) has the right to inspect and copy, during regular business hours, any of the following records, all of which the
corporation is required to keep at its principal office: 

(1) its articles or restated articles of incorporation and all amendments to the articles of incorporation currently
in effect 

(2) its bylaws or restated bylaws and all amendments to the bylaws currently in effect 

(3) the minutes of all shareholders meetings, and records of all action taken by shareholders without a meeting,
for the past three years 

(4) all written communications to shareholders within the past three years 

(5) a list of the names and business addresses of its current directors and officers 

(6) the most recent annual report of the corporation delivered to the Nevada Division of Corporations and Commercial
Code and 

(7) all financial statements prepared for periods ending during the last three years that a shareholder could
request under section 2.19. 

(c) Conditional Inspection Right. In addition, if a shareholder gives the corporation a written demand made
in good faith and for a proper purpose at least five business days before the date on which such shareholder wishes to inspect and copy,
such shareholder describes with reasonable particularity his purpose and the records he desires to inspect, and the records are directly
connected with his purpose, such shareholder of the corporation (or his agent or attorney) is entitled to inspect and copy, during regular
business hours at a reasonable location specified by the corporation, any of the following records of the corporation: 

(1) excerpts from minutes of any meeting of the board of directors, records of any action of a committee of
the board of directors acting on behalf of the corporation, minutes of any meeting of the shareholders, and records of action taken by
the shareholders or board of directors without a meeting, to the extent not subject to inspection under paragraph (b) of this section
2.18 

(2) accounting records of the corporation and 

(3) the record of shareholders (compiled no earlier than the date of the shareholder s demand). 

(4) Copy Costs. The right to copy records includes, if reasonable, the right to receive copies made by photographic,
xerographic, or other means. The corporation may impose a reasonable charge, covering the costs of labor and material (including third-party
costs) for copies of any documents provided to the shareholder. The charge may not exceed the estimated cost of production or reproduction
of the records. 

(d) Shareholder Includes Beneficial Owner. For purposes of this section 2.18, the term shareholder 
shall include a beneficial owner whose shares are held in a voting trust or by a nominee on his behalf. 

6 

Section 2.19 Financial Statements Shall be Furnished
to the Shareholders. Upon written request of any shareholder, the corporation shall mail to such shareholder its most recent annual or
quarterly financial statements showing in reasonable detail its assets and liabilities and the results of its operations. 

Section 2.20 Dissenters Rights. Each shareholder
shall have the right to dissent from and obtain payment for such shareholder s shares when so authorized by the Act, the articles of incorporation,
these bylaws, or in a resolution of the board of directors. 

ARTICLE III 

 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 3.1 General Powers. Unless the articles
of incorporation have dispensed with or limited the authority of the board of directors, all corporate powers shall be exercised by or
under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed under the direction of, the board of directors. 

Section 3.2 Number, Tenure, and Qualification
of Directors. Unless permitted by the Act, the authorized number of directors shall be not less than three. The current number of directors
shall be as determined (or as amended from time to time) by resolution adopted from time to time by either the shareholders or directors.
Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until removed. However, if his term expires, he shall
continue to serve until his successor shall have been elected and qualified, or until there is a decrease in the number of directors.
A decrease in the number of directors does not shorten an incumbent director s term. Unless required by the articles of incorporation,
directors do not need to be residents of Nevada or shareholders of the corporation. 

Section 3.3 Regular Meetings of the Board of Directors.
A regular meeting of the board of directors shall be held without other notice than this bylaw immediately after, and at the same place
as, the annual meeting of shareholders. The board of directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of additional
regular meetings without other notice than such resolution. 

Section 3.4 Special Meetings of the Board of Directors.
Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the president or any one director. The person authorized
to call special meetings of the board of directors may fix any place as the place for holding any special meeting of the board of directors. 

Section 3.5 Notice of, and Waiver of Notice for,
Special Director Meetings. Unless the articles of incorporation provide for a longer or shorter period, notice of any special director
meeting shall be given at least two days prior thereto either orally, in person, by telephone, by any form of electronic communication,
by mail, by private carrier, or by any other manner provided for in the Act. Any director may waive notice of any meeting. 

Except as provided in the next sentence, the waiver
must be in writing, signed by the director entitled to the notice, and filed with the minutes or corporate records. The attendance of
a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a director attends a meeting for the express
purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business and at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon his arrival) objects to
holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting, and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting.
Unless required by the articles of incorporation or the Act, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special
meeting of the board of directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. 

Section 3.6 Director Quorum. A majority of the
number of directors in office immediately before the meeting begins shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting
of the board of directors, unless the articles of incorporation require a greater number. 

Any amendment to this quorum requirement is subject
to the provisions of section 3.8 of this Article III. 

7 

Section 3.7 Directors, Manner of Acting. The act
of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present when the vote is taken shall be the act of the board
of directors unless the articles of incorporation require a greater percentage. Any amendment which changes the number of directors needed
to take action, is subject to the provisions of section 3.8 of this Article III. 

Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise,
any or all directors may participate in a regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use of, any means of communication
by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. A director participating in a meeting by this
means is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. 

A director who is present at a meeting of the
board of directors or a committee of the board of directors when corporate action is taken is deemed to have assented to the action taken
unless: (1) he objects at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon his arrival) to holding it or transacting business at the meeting 
or (2) his dissent or abstention from the action taken is requested by such director to be entered in the minutes of the meeting 
or (3) he delivers written notice of his dissent or abstention to the presiding officer of the meeting before its adjournment or to the
corporation immediately after adjournment of the meeting. The right of dissent or abstention is not available to a director who votes
in favor of the action taken. 

Section 3.8 Establishing a Supermajority 
Quorum or Voting Requirement for the Board of Directors. For purposes of this section 3.8, a supermajority quorum is a requirement
that requires more than a majority of the directors in office to constitute a quorum and a supermajority voting requirement
is any requirement that requires the vote of more than a majority of those directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present
to be the act of the directors. 

A bylaw that fixes a supermajority quorum or supermajority
voting requirement may be amended or repealed: 

(1) if originally adopted by the shareholders, only by the shareholders (unless otherwise provided by the
shareholders) or 

(2) if originally adopted by the board of directors, either by the shareholders or by the board of directors. 

A bylaw adopted or amended by the shareholders
that fixes a supermajority quorum or supermajority voting requirement for the board of directors may provide that it may be amended or
repealed only by a specified vote of either the shareholders or the board of directors. 

Subject to the provisions of the preceding paragraph,
action by the board of directors to adopt, amend, or repeal a bylaw that changes the quorum or voting requirement for the board of directors
must meet the same quorum requirement and be adopted by the same vote required to take action under the quorum and voting requirement
then in effect or proposed to be adopted, whichever is greater. 

Section 3.9 Director Action Without a Meeting.
Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, any action required or permitted to be taken by the board of directors at a meeting
may be taken without a meeting if all the directors sign a written consent describing the action taken, and such consent is filed with
the records of the corporation. Action taken by consent is effective when the last director signs the consent, unless the consent specifies
a different effective date. A signed consent has the effect of a meeting vote and may be described as such in any document. Such consent
may be executed in any number of counterparts, or evidenced by any number of instruments of substantially similar tenor. 

Section 3.10 Removal of Directors. The shareholders
may remove one or more directors at a meeting called for that purpose if notice has been given that the purpose of the meeting is such
removal. The removal may be with or without cause unless the articles of incorporation provide that directors may only be removed with
cause. If a director is elected by a voting group of shareholders, only the shareholders of that voting group may participate in the vote
to remove him. If cumulative voting is authorized, a director may not be removed if the number of votes sufficient to elect him under
cumulative voting is voted against his removal. If cumulative voting is not authorized, a director may be removed only if the number of
votes cast to remove him exceeds the number of votes cast against such removal. 

8 

Section 3.11 Board of Director Vacancies. Unless
the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, if a vacancy occurs on the board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an
increase in the number of directors, the shareholders may fill the vacancy. During such time that the shareholders fail or are unable
to fill such vacancies, then and until the shareholders act: 

(1) the board of directors may fill the vacancy or 

(2) if the directors remaining in office constitute fewer than a quorum of the board, they may fill the vacancy
by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the directors remaining in office. 

If the vacant office was held by a director elected
by a voting group of shareholders, only the holders of shares of that voting group are entitled to vote to fill the vacancy if it is filled
by the shareholders. If two or more directors are elected by the same voting group, only remaining directors elected by such voting group
are entitled to vote to fill the vacancy of a director elected by the voting group if it is filled by directors. 

A vacancy that will occur at a specific later
date (by reason of resignation effective at a later date) may be filled before the vacancy occurs but the new director may not take office
until the vacancy occurs. 

The term of a director elected to fill a vacancy
expires at the next shareholders meeting at which directors are elected. However, if his term expires, he shall continue to serve until
his successor is elected and qualified or until there is a decrease in the number of directors. 

Section 3.12 Director Compensation. Unless otherwise
provided in the articles of incorporation, by resolution of the board of directors, each director may be paid his expenses, if any, of
attendance at each meeting of the board of directors, and may be paid a stated salary as director or a fixed sum for attendance at each
meeting of the board of directors or both. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity
and receiving compensation therefor. 

Section 3.13 Director Committees. 

(a) Creation of Committees. Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise,
the board of directors may create one or more committees and appoint members of the board of directors to serve on them. Each committee
must have two or more members, who serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. 

(b) Selection of Members. The creation of a committee and appointment of members
to it must be approved by the greater of (1) a majority of all the directors in office when the action is taken or (2) the number of directors
required by the articles of incorporation to take such action (or if not specified in the articles of incorporation, the number required
by section 3.7 of this Article III to take action). 

(c) Required Procedures. Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, and 3.9 of this Article
III, which govern meetings, action without meetings, notice and waiver of notice, quorum and voting requirements of the board of directors,
apply to committees and their members. 

(d) Authority. Unless limited by the articles of incorporation, each committee
may exercise those aspects of the authority of the board of directors which the board of directors confers upon such committee in the
resolution creating the committee provided, however, a committee may not: 

(1) authorize distributions to shareholders 

(2) approve, or propose to shareholders, action that the Act requires be approved
by shareholders 

(3) fill vacancies on the board of directors or on any of its committees 

(4) amend the articles of incorporation pursuant to the authority of directors
to do so granted by section 16-10a-1002 of the Act or any section of like tenor as from time to time amended 

(5) adopt, amend, or repeal bylaws 

(6) approve a plan of merger not requiring shareholder approval 

9 

(7) authorize or approve reacquisition of shares, except according to a formula
or method prescribed by the board of directors or 

(8) authorize or approve the issuance or sale or contract for sale of shares
or determine the designation and relative rights, preferences, and limitations of a class or series of shares, except that the board of
directors may authorize a committee (or a senior executive officer of the corporation) to do so within limits specifically prescribed
by the board of directors. 

ARTICLE IV 

 OFFICERS 

Section 4.1 Number of Officers. The officers of
the corporation shall be a president and a secretary, both of whom shall be appointed by the board of directors. Such other officers and
assistant officers as may be deemed necessary, including any vice-presidents, may be appointed by the board of directors. If specifically
authorized by the board of directors, an officer may appoint one or more officers or assistant officers. The same individual may simultaneously
hold more than one office in the corporation. 

Section 4.2 Appointment and Term of Office. The
officers of the corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors for a term as determined by the board of directors. If no term
is specified, such term shall continue until the first meeting of the directors held after the next annual meeting of shareholders. If
the appointment of officers shall not be made at such meeting, such appointment shall be made as soon thereafter as is convenient. Each
officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly appointed and shall have qualified, until his death, or until he shall
resign or shall have been removed in the manner provided in section 4.3 of this Article IV. 

Section 4.3 Removal of Officers. Any officer or
agent may be removed by the board of directors or an officer authorized to do so by the board of directors at any time either before or
after the expiration of the designated term, with or without cause. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if
any, of the person so removed. Neither the appointment of an officer nor the designation of a specified term shall create any contract
rights. 

Section 4.4 President. The president shall be
the principal executive officer of the corporation and, subject to the control of the board of directors, shall in general supervise and
control all of the business and affairs of the corporation. The president shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the shareholders
and of the board of directors, if the chairman of the board is not present. The president may sign, with the secretary or any other proper
officer of the corporation thereunto authorized by the board of directors, certificates for shares of the corporation and deeds, mortgages,
bonds, contracts, or other instruments arising in the normal course of business of the corporation and such other instruments as may be
authorized by the board of directors, except in cases where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board
of directors or by these bylaws to some other officer or agent of the corporation, or shall be required by law to be otherwise signed
or executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed
by the board of directors from time to time. 

Section 4.5 Vice-Presidents. If appointed, in
the event of the president s death or inability to act, the vice-president (or in the event there be more than one vice-president, the
executive vice-president or, in the absence of any designation, the senior vice-president in the order of their appointment) shall perform
the duties of the president, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president.
A vice-president, if any, may sign, with the secretary or an assistant secretary, certificates for shares of the corporation the issuance
of which has been authorized by resolution of the board of directors and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may
be assigned to him by the president or by the board of directors. 

Section 4.6 Secretary. The secretary shall: (a)
keep the minutes of the proceedings of the shareholders and of the board of directors in one or more books provided for that purpose 
(b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws or as required by law (c) be custodian
of the corporate records and of any seal of the corporation and, if there is a seal of the corporation, see that it is affixed to all
documents the execution of which on behalf of the corporation under its seal is duly authorized (d) when requested or required,
authenticate any records of the corporation (e) keep a register of the post office address of each shareholder which shall be furnished
to the secretary by such shareholders (f) sign with the president, or a vice-president, certificates for shares of the corporation,
the issuance of which has been authorized by resolution of the board of directors (g) have general charge of the stock transfer
books of the corporation and (h) in general perform all duties incident to the office of secretary and such other duties as from
time to time may be assigned to him by the president or by the board of directors. 

10 

Section 4.7 Treasurer. The treasurer, if any,
and in the absence thereof of the secretary, shall: (a) have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of
the corporation (b) receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable to the corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit
all such moneys in the name of the corporation in such banks, trust companies, or other depositories as shall be selected by the board
of directors and (c) in general perform all of the duties incident to the office of treasurer and such other duties as from time
to time may be assigned to him by the president or by the board of directors. If required by the board of directors, the treasurer shall
give a bond for the faithful discharge of his duties in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the board of directors shall determine. 

Section 4.8 Assistant Secretaries and Assistant
Treasurers. Any assistant secretary, when authorized by the board of directors, may sign with the president or a vice-president certificates
for shares of the corporation the issuance of which has been authorized by a resolution of the board of directors. Any assistant treasurer
shall, if required by the board of directors, give bonds for the faithful discharge of his duties in such sums and with such sureties
as the board of directors shall determine. Any assistant secretary or assistant treasurer, in general, shall perform such duties as shall
be assigned to them by the secretary or the treasurer, respectively, or by the president or the board of directors. 

Section 4.9 Salaries. The salaries of the officers
shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors or by a duly authorized officer. 

ARTICLE V 

 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS,
AND EMPLOYEES 

Section 5.1 Indemnification of Directors. The
corporation shall indemnify any individual made a party to a proceeding because such individual was a director of the corporation to the
extent permitted by and in accordance with section 16-10a-901, et seq. of the Act or any amendments of successor sections of like tenor. 

Section 5.2 Advance Expenses for Directors. To
the extent permitted by section 16-10a-904 of the Act or any section of like tenor as amended from time to time, the corporation may pay
for or reimburse the reasonable expenses incurred by a director who is a party to a proceeding in advance of final disposition of the
proceeding, if: 

(a) the director furnishes the corporation a written affirmation of his good faith belief that he has met
the standard of conduct described in the Act 

(b) the director furnishes the corporation a written undertaking, executed personally or on his behalf, to
repay advances if it is ultimately determined that he did not meet the standard of conduct (which undertaking must be an unlimited general
obligation of the director but need not be secured and may be accepted without reference to financial ability to make repayment) 
and 

(c) a determination is made that the facts then known to those making the determination would not preclude
indemnification under section 5.1 of this Article V or section 16-10a-901 through section 16-10a-909 of the Act or similar sections of
like tenor as from time to time amended. 

Section 5.3 Indemnification of Officers, Agents,
and Employees Who are not Directors. Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, the board of directors may authorize
the corporation to indemnify and advance expenses to any officer, employee, or agent of the corporation who is not a director of the corporation,
to the extent permitted by the Act. 

11 

ARTICLE VI 

 CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER 

Section 6.1 Certificates for Shares. 

(a) Content. Certificates representing shares of the corporation shall at minimum, state on their face the
name of the issuing corporation and that it is formed under the laws of the state of Nevada the name of the person to whom issued 
and the number and class of shares and the designation of the series, if any, the certificate represents and be in such form as
determined by the board of directors. Such certificates shall be signed (either manually or by facsimile) by the president or a vice-president
and by the secretary or an assistant secretary and may be sealed with a corporate seal or a facsimile thereof. Each certificate for shares
shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified. 

(b) Legend as to Class or Series. If the corporation is authorized to issue different classes of shares or
different series within a class, the designations, relative rights, preferences, and limitations applicable to each class and the variations
in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each series (and the authority of the board of directors to determine variations
for future series) must be summarized on the front or back of each certificate. Alternatively, each certificate may state conspicuously
on its front or back that the corporation will furnish the shareholder this information without charge on request in writing. 

(c) Shareholder List. The name and address of the person to whom the shares represented thereby are issued,
with the number of shares and date of issue, shall be entered on the stock transfer books of the corporation. 

(d) Transferring Shares. All certificates surrendered to the corporation for transfer shall be canceled and
no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate for a like number of shares shall have been surrendered and canceled,
except that in case of a lost, destroyed, or mutilated certificate a new one may be issued therefor upon such terms and indemnity to the
corporation as the board of directors may prescribe. 

Section 6.2 Shares Without Certificates. 

(a) Issuing Shares Without Certificates. Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, the board
of directors may authorize the issuance of some or all the shares of any or all of its classes or series without certificates. The authorization
does not affect shares already represented by certificates until they are surrendered to the corporation. 

(b) Written Statement Required. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of shares without
certificates, the corporation shall send the shareholder a written statement containing at minimum: 

(1) the name of the issuing corporation and that it is organized under the laws of the state of Nevada 

(2) the name of the person to whom issued and 

(3) the number and class of shares and the designation of the series, if any, of the issued shares. 

If the corporation is authorized to issue different
classes of shares or different series within a class, the written statement shall describe the designations, relative rights, preferences,
and limitations applicable to each class and the variation in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each series (and the
authority of the board of directors to determine variations for future series). Alternatively, each written statement may state conspicuously
that the corporation will furnish the shareholder this information without charge on request in writing. 

Section 6.3 Registration of the Transfer of Shares.
Registration of the transfer of shares of the corporation shall be made only on the stock transfer books of the corporation. In order
to register a transfer, the record owner shall surrender the shares to the corporation for cancellation, properly endorsed by the appropriate
person or persons with reasonable assurances that the endorsements are genuine and effective. Unless the corporation has established a
procedure by which a beneficial owner of shares held by a nominee is to be recognized by the corporation as the record owner of such shares
on the books of the corporation shall be deemed by the corporation to be the owner thereof for all purposes. 

12 

Section 6.4 Restrictions on Transfer of Shares
Permitted. The board of directors (or shareholders) may impose restrictions on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares (including
any security convertible into, or carrying a right to subscribe for or acquire, shares). A restriction does not affect shares issued before
the restriction was adopted unless the holders of the shares are parties to the restriction agreement or voted in favor of the restriction. 

A restriction on the transfer or registration
of transfer of shares is authorized: 

(a) to maintain the corporation s status when it is dependent on the number or identity of its shareholders 

(b) to preserve entitlements, benefits, or exemptions under federal, state, or local law and 

(c) for any other reasonable purpose. 

A restriction on the transfer or registration
of transfer of shares may: 

(a) obligate the shareholder first to offer the corporation or other persons (separately, consecutively, or
simultaneously) an opportunity to acquire the restricted shares 

(b) obligate the corporation or other persons (separately, consecutively, or simultaneously) to acquire the
restricted shares 

(c) require the corporation, the holders of any class of its shares, or another person to approve the transfer
of the restricted shares, if the requirement is not manifestly unreasonable and 

(d) prohibit the transfer of the restricted shares to designated persons or classes of persons, if the prohibition
is not manifestly unreasonable. 

A restriction on the transfer or registration
of transfer of shares is valid and enforceable against the holder or a transferee of the holder if the restriction is authorized by this
section 6.4 and such person has knowledge of the restriction or its existence is noted conspicuously on the front or back of the certificate
or is contained in the written statement required by section 6.2 of this Article VI with regard to shares issued without certificates.
Unless so noted, a restriction is not enforceable against a person without knowledge of the restriction. 

Section 6.5 Acquisition of Shares. The corporation
may acquire its own shares and unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, the shares so acquired constitute authorized
but unissued shares. 

If the articles of incorporation prohibit the
reissuance of acquired shares, the number of authorized shares is reduced by the number of shares acquired by the corporation, effective
upon amendment of the articles of incorporation, which amendment may be adopted by the shareholders or the board of directors without
shareholder action. The articles of amendment must be delivered to the Nevada Division of Corporations and Commercial Code for filing
and must set forth: 

(a) the name of the corporation 

(b) the reduction in the number of authorized shares, itemized by class and series 

(c) the total number of authorized shares, itemized by class and series, remaining after reduction of the
shares and 

(d) if applicable, a statement that the amendment was adopted by the board of directors without shareholder
action and that shareholder action was not required. 

ARTICLE VII 

 DISTRIBUTIONS 

The corporation may make distributions
(including dividends on its outstanding shares) as authorized by the board of directors and in the manner and upon the terms and
conditions provided by law and in the corporation s articles of incorporation. 

13 

ARTICLE VIII 

 CORPORATE SEAL 

The board of directors may provide for a corporate
seal which may have inscribed thereon any designation including the name of the corporation, Nevada as the state of incorporation, and
the words Corporate Seal. 

ARTICLE IX 

 DIRECTORS CONFLICTING INTEREST TRANSACTIONS 

A director s conflicting interest transaction
may not be enjoined, be set aside, or give rise to an award of damages or other sanctions, in a proceeding by a shareholder or by or in
the right of the corporation, solely because the director, or any person with whom or which the director has a personal, economic, or
other association, has an interest in the transaction, if: 

(a) directors action respecting the transaction was at any time taken in compliance with section 16-10a-852
of the Act or any section of like tenor as amended from time to time 

(b) shareholders action respecting the transaction was at any time taken in compliance with section 16-10a-853
of the Act or any section of like tenor as amended from time to time or 

(c) the transaction, judged according to the circumstances at the time of commitment, is established to have
been fair to the corporation. 

ARTICLE X 

 AMENDMENTS 

The corporation s board of directors may amend
or repeal the corporation s bylaws unless: 

(a) the Act or the articles of incorporation reserve this power exclusively to the shareholders in whole or
part or 

(b) the shareholders in adopting, amending, or repealing a particular bylaw provide expressly that the board
of directors may not amend or repeal that bylaw or 

(c) the bylaw either establishes, amends, or deletes, a supermajority shareholder quorum or voting requirement
(as defined in Article II, section 2.9). 

Any amendment which changes the voting or quorum
requirement for the board must comply with Article III, section 3.8, and for the shareholders, must comply with Article II, section 2.9. 

The corporation s shareholders may amend or repeal
the corporation s bylaws even though the bylaws may also be amended or repealed by its board of directors. 

ARTICLE XI 

 FISCAL YEAR 

The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed
by resolution of the board of directors in consultation with the financial and tax advisors of the corporation. 

14 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-6_abvcbiopharma.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH LEEDS CHOW

Exhibit 10.6 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Employment
Agreement Agreement is entered into by and between ABVC BioPharma, Inc., a Nevada company Employer ), and
 Chow, Chun Yu Leeds Employee ), to be effective on September 9, 2022 (the Effective Date ). 

WHEREAS, Employer
is desirous of employing Employee pursuant to the terms and conditions and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement, and Employee
is desirous of entering the employ of Employer pursuant to such terms and conditions and for such consideration. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants, and obligations contained herein, Employer and Employee agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1: EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES 

1.1 Employer agrees to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to
be employed by Employer, beginning as of the Effective Date and continuing until August 31, 2025, and for additional consecutive one
year periods thereafter (the Term unless terminated as provided herein and subject to the other terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

1.2 Beginning Effective Date, Employee shall be employed as Chief
Financial Officer. Employee agrees to serve in the assigned position and to perform diligently and to the best of Employee s abilities
the duties and services appertaining to such position as determined by Employer, as well as such additional or different duties and services
appropriate to such position which Employee from time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by Employer. Employee shall at all
times comply with and be subject to such policies and procedures as Employer may establish from time to time. 

1.3 Employee shall, on a need basis, during the period of Employee s
employment by Employer, devote Employee s sufficient business time (at least 40 hours per week), energy, and best efforts to the
business and affairs of Employer. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Employee may engage in passive
personal investments and other business activities, which do not conflict with the business and affairs of the Employer or interfere
with Employee s performance of his duties hereunder. 

1.4 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary
duty of loyalty, fidelity and allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of the Employer and to do no act which would intentionally
injure Employer s business, its interests, or its reputation. Employee agrees that Employee shall not knowingly become involved
in a conflict of interest with Employer, or its affiliates, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue, except as approved
by a majority of members of Employer s Board of Directors. 

1.5 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee is expressly
prohibited from purchasing or selling securities of the Company based on any material non-public information obtained during the course
of performing services to the Company. In addition, Employee is prohibited from informing, or tipping, any other person
about such material information. 

ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS 

2.1 Employee s initial base salary (the Salary shall be at the annual rate of 140,000 plus 40,000 worth of shares, calculated by the monthly average closing stock price of that month
the monthly payment is due, for the first three months; and starting on the fourth month, at the annual rate of 180,000 which shall
be paid in accordance with Employer s standard payroll practice. 

2.2 From and after the Effective Date, Employer shall pay, or
reimburse Employee, for all ordinary, reasonable and necessary expenses which Employee incurs in performing his duties under this Agreement
including, but not limited to, travel, entertainment, education, professional dues and subscriptions, and all dues, fees and expenses
associated with membership in various professional, business and civic associations and societies of which Employee s participation
is in the best interest of Employer. 

2.3 While employed by Employer, Employee shall be allowed to participate,
on the same basis generally as other employees of Employer, in all general employee benefit and incentive plans and programs, including
improvements or modifications of the same, which on the effective date or thereafter are made available by Employer to all or substantially
all of Employer s employees. Such benefits, plans, and programs may include, without limitation, medical, health, and dental care,
life insurance, disability protection, qualified retirement and equity incentive plans. Except as specifically provided herein, nothing
in this Agreement is to be construed or interpreted to provide greater rights, participation, coverage, or benefits under such benefit
plans or programs than provided to employees pursuant to the terms and conditions of such benefit plans and programs. 

2.4 Employer may withhold from any compensation, benefits, or
amount payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city, or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation
or ruling. 

ARTICLE 3:
TERMINATION PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF TERM 

 AND EFFECTS OF SUCH TERMINATION 

3.1 Employee s employment with Employer shall be terminated
(i) upon the death of Employee, or (ii) upon Employee s permanent disability (permanent disability being defined as Employee s
physical or mental incapacity to perform his usual duties as an employee with such condition to remain continuously and permanently for
a period of 90 days). 

3.2 If Employee s employment is terminated by reason of
a Voluntary Termination (as hereinafter defined), the death of Employee, or by the Employer for Cause (as
hereinafter defined), all future compensation to which Employee is otherwise entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible
shall cease and terminate as of the date of termination as provided in this Section. Employee, or his estate in the case of Employee s
death, shall be entitled to base salary through the date of such termination and shall be entitled to any individual bonuses or individual
incentive compensation not yet paid but due under Employer s plans but shall not be entitled to any other payments by or on behalf
of Employer except for those which may be payable pursuant to the terms of Employer s employee benefit plans (as hereinafter defined).
For purposes of this Section 3.2, a Voluntary Termination of the employment relationship by Employee prior to expiration
of the Term shall be a termination of employment in the sole discretion of and at the election of Employee, other than (i) a termination
of Employee s employment because of a material breach by Employer of any material provision of this Agreement which remains uncorrected
for thirty (30) days following written notice of such breach by Employee to Employer or (ii) a termination of Employee s employment
within six (6) months of a material reduction in Employees rank or responsibility with Employer. For purposes of this Section
3.2, the term Cause shall mean any of (i) Employee s
gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to this
Agreement; (ii) Employee s final conviction of a felony; or (iii) Employee s material breach of any material provision
of this Agreement which remains uncorrected for thirty (30) days following written notice to Employee by Employer of such
breach. 

2 

3.3 If Employee s employment is terminated for any reason other than as described in Section s 3.1
 or 3.2 above during the Term, Employer shall pay to Employee a severance benefit consisting of a single lump sum number of shares
 of common stock of the Company equal to one year Salary due to Employee valued at average trading price of past thirty days prior to
 the termination date. Such severance benefit shall be paid no later than sixty (60) days following Employee s termination of
 employment. Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of
 employment pursuant to which severance benefit payments under this Section 3.3 are owing and the amounts due Employee pursuant to
 this Section 3.3 shall not be reduced or suspended if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed
 individual. Employee s rights under this Section 3.3 are Employee s sole and exclusive rights against the Employer or
 its affiliates and the Employer s sole and exclusive liability to Employee under this Agreement, in contract, tort or
 otherwise, for the termination of his employment relationship with Employer. 

ARTICLE 4: MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the terms affiliates 
or affiliated means an entity who directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by,
or is under common control with Employer or in which Employer has a 50 or more equity interest, and (ii) any action or omission permitted
to be taken or omitted by Employer hereunder shall only be taken or omitted by Employer upon the express authority of the Board of Directors
of Employer or of any Committee of the Board to which authority over such matters may have been delegated. 

4.2 For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications
provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received by or tendered to Employee or Employer,
as applicable, by pre-paid courier or by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, addressed as follows: (i) If to Employer, to current corporate headquarters to the attention of the General Counsel of Company.
(ii) If to Employee, to his last known personal residence. 

4.3 This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws
of the State of New York, excluding any conflict-of-law rule or principle that might refer to the laws of another State or country. 

4.4 No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice
of any breach by the other party of or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver
of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 

4.5 It is a desire and intent of the parties that the terms, provisions,
covenants, and remedies contained in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any such term, provision,
covenant, or remedy of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances shall, to any
extent, be construed to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then such term, provision, covenant, or remedy shall be construed
in a manner so as to permit its enforceability under the applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any case, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances other than those to which
they have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect. 

3 

4.6 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of Employer and any other person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business
or assets of Employer by any means whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employee s rights
and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights, benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or
involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Employer,
other than in the case of death or incompetence of Employee. 

4.7 This Agreement replaces and merges any previous agreements
and discussions pertaining to the subject matter covered herein. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
regard to such subject matter, and contains all of the covenants, promises, representations, warranties, and agreements between the parties
with respect such subject matter. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement,
oral or written, has been made by either party with respect to such subject matter, which is not embodied herein, and that no agreement,
statement, or promise relating to the employment of Employee by Employer that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding.
Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by each party whose rights hereunder are affected
thereby, provided that any such modification must be authorized or approved by the Board of Directors of Employer. 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer and Employee
have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

ABVC BioPharma, Inc. 

Eugene Jiang 

 Chairman 

EMPLOYEE 

Chow, Chun Yu Leeds 

5 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_abvcbiopharma.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF AND CONSOLIDATED ENTITIES OF

ABVC BIOPHARMA, INC. 

As of December 31, 2022 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Percentage
 of direct or indirect 

American BriVision Corporation 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 100 

BioKey, Inc. 
 
 California, United States 
 
 100 

BioLite Holding, Inc. 
 
 Nevada, United States 
 
 100 

BioLite BVI, Inc. 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 100 

BioLite, Inc. 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 73 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_abvcbiopharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Howard Doong, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of ABVC BioPharma, Inc., for the fiscal period ended December
31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Howard Doong 

Howard Doong 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_abvcbiopharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Leeds Chow, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of ABVC BioPharma, Inc., for the fiscal period ended December
31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Leeds Chow 

Leeds Chow 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_abvcbiopharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of ABVC BioPharma, Inc. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Howard Doong 

Howard Doong 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_abvcbiopharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in her capacity as an officer of ABVC BioPharma, Inc. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of her knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Leeds Chow 

Leeds Chow 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 abvc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 abvc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 abvc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 abvc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 abvc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

