<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_921638_0000921638-23-000037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23053771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>684447</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6059480</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9273195</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3515281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3092337</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000921638-23-000037.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221210849
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000921638-23-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		157
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SSR MINING INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000921638
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINERAL ROYALTY TRADERS [6795]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35455
		FILM NUMBER:		23650332

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 E LAYTON AVE, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-391-3060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 E LAYTON AVE, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SILVER STANDARD RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950714

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000921638-23-000037.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 ssrm-20221231.htm
 10-K

ssrm-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________to__________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 - , , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12-b2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12-b2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on Nasdaq Global Market on that date. There were common shares outstanding on January 31, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
 2 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 Introduction 
 3 
 Segment Information 
 3 
 Principal Products 
 3 
 Competition 
 4 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 4 
 Human Capital 
 8 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 9 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 12 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 41 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 42 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 99 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 99 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 99 
 ITEM 6. R ESER VED 
 102 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 103 
 Business Overview 
 103 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 104 
 Results of Operations 
 109 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 113 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 116 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 123 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 125 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 125 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 127 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 130 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 179 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 179 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 179 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 180 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 180 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 180 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 180 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 180 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 181 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 183 
 SIGNATURES 
 184 
 
 1 

PART I 
 
 Full Year 2022 Highlights: 
 Operating performance: The Company reported full year 2022 produ ction of 623,819 gold equivalent ounces at Cost of sales per gold equivalent ounce of 985 and all-in sustaining costs AISC of 1,339 per gold equivalent ounce. (1) 
 Financial results: Attributable net income in 2022 was 194.1 million, or 0.89 per diluted share and adjusted attributable net income was 144.8 million, or 0.67 per diluted share. For the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, operating cash flow was 160.9 million and free cash flow was 23.4 million. (1) 
 Capital returns : For the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, SSR Mining returned 158.8 million to shareholders, representing a 4.9 yield, through dividends and share repurchases. Quarterly dividend payments totaled 58.8 million in 2022, reflecting the Company s announcement of a 40 increase to the base dividend on January 31, 2022. The Company announced a Normal Course Issuer Bid NCIB under the requirements of the TSX on June 16, 2022, following the completion of the previous NCIB. During 2022, a total of 100.0 million in common shares were repurchased, representing a repurchase of 6,053,126 shares as part of the NCIB program. In addition, the Company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.07 per share to be payable on March 30, 2023. 
 Balance sheet and financial strength: At the end of 2022, SSR Mining had a cash and cash equivalent balance of 655.5 million after returning 58.8 million in dividend payments to shareholders, using 100.0 million for share repurchases, making 71.2 million in scheduled debt repayments, and using 170.0 million for strategic M A transactions, including the acquisition of Taiga Gold Corp. for 20.0 million and 30 of the Kartaltepe joint venture for 150.0 million. 
 Delivered strong near-mine and greenfield exploration results across the portfolio: Delivered positive exploration updates from the akmaktepe Extension, Seabee Gold Operations, and Marigold Mine in 2022, showcasing opportunities for growth across SSR Mining's global exploration platform. 
 Completed the acquisition of Taiga Gold Corp.: On April 14, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Taiga Gold Cop. Taiga Gold ). The transaction consolidated a 100 interest in the Fisher property contiguous to the Seabee mine, eliminated a 2.5 NSR royalty on the Fisher property, and added five new properties covering over 29,100 hectares to complement the Company s existing exploration platform in the underexplored and geologically prospective Province of Saskatchewan. The Company s Saskatchewan assets now cover an area of approximately 131,150 hectares. 
 Completed the sale of the Pitarrilla project: On July 6, 2022 the Company completed the sale of the Pitarrilla project to Endeavour Silver. As consideration for the sale, SSR Mining received 35.0 million in cash, 35.0 million (2) in common shares of Endeavour Silver, and a 1.25 net smelter return royalty on the Pitarrilla property. The sale was originally announced on January 13, 2022. 
 Acquired an additional 30 ownership in Kartaltepe: In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company announced and completed an agreement to acquire an additional 30 ownership interest in the Kartaltepe Mining Joint Venture at the pler District from partner Lidya Mining for total consideration of 150.0 million in cash. This acquisition will streamline operating, financial and exploration activities across the pler District while creating tangible synergies. The Company now owns 80 of the entire pler District. 
 (1) AISC, free cash flow, adjusted attributable net income (loss), and adjusted attributable net income (loss) per diluted share are non-GAAP financial measures. For explanations of these measures and reconciliations to the most comparable financial measure calculated under U.S. GAAP, please see the discussion under "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein. 
 (2) The fair value of the common shares of Endeavour Silver on July 6, 2022 was 25.6 million. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 2 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Introduction 
 SSR Mining is a precious metals mining company with four producing assets located in the United States, T rkiye, Canada and Argentina. The Company is engaged in the operation, acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal resource properties, producing gold dor as well as silver and lead and zinc concentrates. SSR Mining's diversified asset portfolio is comprised of high-margin, long-life assets located in some of the world's most prolific metal districts. 
 The Company has an experienced leadership team with a proven track record of delivery and value creation. Across the organization, the Company has expertise in project construction, mining (open pit and underground), and processing (pressure oxidation, heap leach and flotation), with a robust commitment to health, safety, community engagement and environmental management. 
 The Company has a strong balance sheet, with over 655.5 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, to support its growth pipeline. The Company intends to leverage its balance sheet strength and proven track record of free cash flow generation to fund growth across its portfolio to facilitate superior returns to shareholders. In this report, "SSR Mining," the "Company," "our" and "we" refer to SSR Mining Inc. together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. All currency references herein are in United States dollars ("USD") unless otherwise indicated. References to "CAD" or the use of the symbol C refers to Canadian dollars. References to TL are to the lawful currency of T rkiye, the Turkish Lira. References to ARS are to the lawful currency of Argentina, the Argentine peso. 
 All share data in this report refers to consolidated shares/data, unless otherwise indicated. 

Segment Information 
 The Company's operations consist of four operating mine sites - pler Gold Mine, located in Erzincan Province, T rkiye (" pler"), Marigold Mine, located in Nevada, United States ("Marigold"), Seabee Gold Operations, located in Saskatchewan, Canada ("Seabee" or "SGO"), and Puna Operations, located in Jujuy Province, Argentina ("Puna") - each of which is a reportable operating segment and which are also referred to as producing assets. The contributions to our revenue by reportable operating segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 31 from pler (2021 41 ; 2020 24 ), 30 from Marigold (2021 29 ; 2020 48 ), 21 from Seabee (2021 15 ; 2020 16 and 18 from Puna (2021 15 ; 2020 12 ). See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information relating to our reportable operating segments. 
 In addition to current mine production, the Company also participates in exploration and development activities at properties located in Canada, T rkiye, and Peru . See Item 2, Properties, for further information about the Company's production and exploration properties. 
 
 Principal Products 
 pler, Marigold and Seabee produce gold dor . Dor is unrefined gold bullion bars usually consisting of in excess of 90 gold, which is subsequently refined by a third party to gold bullion. The Company sells gold dor produced at Marigold and Seabee primarily to banks, and gold dor produced at pler is sold to the Central Bank of T rkiye . Puna produces silver, lead and zinc concentrates, which are sold to smelters or traders for further refining. 
 During 2022, sales of gold dor accounted for 82 of revenue, with 31 sold to Central Bank of T rkiye, 28 to CIBC and 16 to Bank of Montreal. During 2021, sales of gold dor to Central Bank of T rkiye and CIBC accounted for 41 and 30 of the Company's total revenues, respectively. During 2020, sales of gold dor to CIBC, Central Bank of T rkiye and Bank of Montreal accounted for 45 , 24 and 14 of the Company's total revenues, re spectively. 
 The Company sells lead and zinc concentrate with high silver content, through contractual arrangements with smelters and traders located in Asia and Europe. The concentrates are sold under supply contracts updated annually or as needed through spot sales, with processing fees based on the demand for the concentrates in the global marketplace. 
 3 

The Company s revenue by product category for the years ended December 31 was as fol lows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 Product Revenue (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 Gold 82 84 88 Silver 14 12 11 Lead 3 2 1 Zinc 1 2 
 (1) The Company also realizes de minimus revenue from copper. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had attributable proven and probable gold reser ves o f 7,620 koz. For information on the mineral resources and mineral reserves for each operating asset, see Item 2, Proven and Probable Reserve Estimates" and "Resource Estimates . 
 The market prices of gold and silver are key drivers of the Company s profitability. The prices of gold and silver can fluctuate widely and are affected by a number of macroeconomic factors, including global or regional consumption patterns, the supply of, and demand for gold and silver, interest rates, exchange rates, inflation or deflation, global economic conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, and the political and economic conditions of major gold- and silver-producing and gold- and silver-consuming countries throughout the world. Importantly, the price of gold and silver can be impacted by their role as safe havens during periods of market turmoil and as defense against the perceived inflationary impacts and currency depreciation caused by the responses of governments and central banking authorities to various economic threats. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, for further information. 
 During 2022, the gold price, based on the London Bullion Market Association LBMA averaged 1,800 per ounce, which was 1 per ounce, or 0.1 , higher than the 2021 annual average of 1,799 per ounce and 30 per ounce, or 2 , higher than the 2020 annual average of 1,770 per ounce. During 2022, the price of silver, based on the LBMA silver price, averaged 21.73 per ounce, which was 3.41 less per ounce, or 14 , less than the 2021 annual average of 25.14 per ounce and 4.59 per ounce, or 6 , higher than the 2020 annual average of 20.55 per ounce. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, below, for further information relating to metal prices. For further details, see "Consolidated Results" and "Results of Operations" in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Competition 
 The precious and base metals mineral exploration and mining business is competitive. Competition is primarily for: mineral properties that can be developed and produced economically technical experts that can find, develop and mine such mineral properties labor to operate the mineral properties and capital to finance exploration, development and operations. 
 The Company competes with other mining and exploration companies in the acquisition of mineral properties and in connection with the recruitment and retention of qualified employees. There is significant competition for mineral properties. Many larger competitors have greater financial and technical resources available to them. If the Company is unsuccessful in acquiring additional mineral properties or qualified personnel, the Company may not be able to replace mineral reserves, maintain production or grow. 

4 

Licenses and Concessions 
 Other than operating licenses for our mining and processing facilities, there are no third party patents, licenses or franchises material to our business. In many countries, however, we conduct our mining and exploration activities pursuant to concessions granted by, or under contracts with, the host government, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Peru, Argentina, and T rkiye. The concessions and contracts are subject to the political risks associated with the host country. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information. 
 Condition of Physical Assets and Insurance 
 Our business is capital intensive and requires ongoing capital investment for the replacement, modernization or expansion of equipment and facilities. See Results of Consolidated Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources within Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further information. 
 We maintain insurance policies against property loss and business interruption and insure against risks that are typical in the operation of our business, in amounts that we believe to be reasonable. Such insurance, however, contains exclusions and limitations on coverage, particularly with respect to environmental liability and political risk. There can be no assurance that claims would be paid under such insurance policies in connection with a particular event. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, below for further information. 
 pler Operations Temporary Shutdown 
 In June 2022, T rkiye's Ministry of Environment, Urbanization and Climate Change Ministry of Environment temporarily suspended operations at the pler mine site as a result of a leak of leach solution containing a small amount of diluted cyanide on June 21, 2022. The leak occurred from a pipeline that pumps diluted cyanide solution to pler s heap leach pad. The Ministry of Environment ordered certain remediation and improvement initiatives to be undertaken. The Company completed these initiatives and received the required regulatory approvals from T rkiye's government authorities on September 22, 2022, at which time all operations were restarted at the pler mine. 
 During pler s temporary suspension, the Company accelerated and completed planned maintenance in pler s sulfide plant that had been previously scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2022. During this period, the Company completed a scheduled partial relining of the face bricks in Autoclave 1. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
 The Company s approach to environmental and social development is underpinned by the goal of minimizing the impact of our operations to the environment and leaving a positive legacy in the communities where the Company operates. For the Company, being a responsible corporate citizen means protecting the natural environment associated with its business activities, providing a safe workplace and work processes for its employees and contractors, and investing in the communities where the Company operates in an effort to enhance the lives of those who live and work in these communities beyond the life of its operations. The Company takes a long-term view of its corporate responsibility, which is reflected in the policies that guide the Company s business decisions, and in its corporate culture that fosters safe and ethical behavior across all levels of the Company. 
 
 Environment Stewardship 
 The Company is committed to executing its business with strong environmental and community stewardship through the ongoing development of a sustainable approach to operating its business. The Company s Environmental Sustainability Policy defines the organization s commitments to responsible environmental stewardship and to health and welfare of the people and communities in which the Company operates. The policy is designed to guide the Company in advancing each of those commitments. The Company annually publishes an ESG and Sustainability Report, which is developed using the Global Reporting Initiative framework and outlines the Company s approach to sustainability across a range of areas and summarizes the Company s sustainability performance. The Company's Environmental Sustainability Policy and its ESG and Sustainability Report are available on the Company s website. 
 5 

The Company s Board of Directors has also established an Environmental, Health, Safety and Sustainability Committee (the EHS S Committee that, as part of its mandate, is responsible for reviewing the Company s safety, health, security, risk, environment, community relations and sustainability policies and practices, and monitoring the Company s performance in these areas. The Company s EHS S Committee charter is available on the Company s website. 
 In 2007, Marigold became the first operating gold mine in the world certified as fully compliant with the International Cyanide Management Code (the Cyanide Code ), a voluntary industry program for companies involved in the production of gold by the cyanidation process. The Cyanide Code addresses the production of cyanide, its transport from the producer to the mine, its on-site storage and use, decommissioning and financial assurance, worker safety, emergency response, training, stakeholder involvement and verification of implementation of the Cyanide Code. Marigold has been recertified in compliance with the Cyanide Code each time it has been audited by the International Cyanide Management Institute, with the most recent successful recertification occurring in 2021. 
 Producing precious metals is an energy-intensive business, resulting in carbon emissions. The Company's principal energy sources are purchased electricity, diesel fuel, natural gas and propane. The Company's operations are subject to a range of risks related to transitioning the business to meet regulatory, societal and investor expectations for operating in a low-carbon economy. Transitioning to a lower-carbon economy may entail extensive policy, legal, technology, and market changes to address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change. SSR Mining plans to establish an action plan to achieve net zero emissions by 2050. Consistent with this commitment, actions taken to achieve transition to a low-carbon economy may result in increased costs for the Company's operations, partners and suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs to achieve the Company's carbon neutrality goal and to comply with ongoing regulations and legislation to address carbon emissions. 
 Community Engagement 
 The Company s community relations program is based on open and continuous communication with the members of communities located in its areas of operation. The Company takes a shared-value approach to local development activities to promote sustainable long-term economic and social benefits. In addition, the Company strives to ensure that local stakeholders have an opportunity for input and dialogue. Projects aimed at assisting and advancing the Company s communities include training and employment, development of infrastructure and support for education and medical services, among others. At all times, the Company works to be a partner in the long-term sustainability of the communities in which it operates. In addition to direct investments made by SSR Mining, the Company also invests in the local communities surrounding its operations by supporting education, social programs and infrastructure projects. 
 Environmental Regulations 
 The Company s activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment and natural resources in all jurisdictions where the Company operates throughout the exploration, development and operating stages of a mining property. These laws address, among other things, emissions into the air and air quality, discharges into water and water quality, management of waste, management and disposal of solid and hazardous substances, protection of natural resources, fisheries and wildlife protection, antiquities, endangered species, noise and use and reclamation of lands disturbed by mining operations. 
 The Company is required to obtain governmental permits and, in some instances, provide bonding requirements under federal, state, or provincial air, water quality, and mine reclamation rules and permits. Violations of environmental laws are subject to civil sanctions and, in some cases, criminal sanctions, including the suspension or revocation of permits. Additionally, environmental laws in the countries in which the Company operates require that the Company periodically perform environmental impact studies and updates at its mines. 
 Reclamation 
 The Company s mining, exploration and development activities are subject to various federal, provincial, state and municipal laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including requirements for closure and 
 6 

reclamation of mining properties. The Company believes that how it closes a mine is just as important as how it opens and operates a mine. 
 The Company has certain reclamation obligations at its mineral properties, including pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna Operations. At Marigold, the Company engages in concurrent reclamation practices and provides bonds for all permitted features, as part of the State of Nevada permitting process. Current bonding amounts are based on third party cost estimates to reclaim all permitted features at Marigold, with the exception of a few features permitted as permanent, post-mining features. The U.S. Bureau of Land Management BLM and the State of Nevada both review and approve the bond estimate, and the BLM holds the financial instruments providing the bond backing. At Seabee, the Company also has an approved closure plan and financial assurance held by the Province of Saskatchewan. The closure plan addresses all final reclamation requirements as well as the longer-term post-reclamation monitoring and maintenance phase. As required by the Company s environmental permits, the closure plan is periodically updated. 
 The financial and operational effect of environmental protection requirements on the capital expenditures and earnings of each mineral property are not significantly different than that of similar sized mines in the same jurisdiction, and therefore should not have a negative effect on the Company s competitive position in the future. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further information regarding closure and reclamation cost estimates. 
 7 

Human Capital Management 
 Employees and Contractors 
 A s of December 31, 2022, t he Company employed approximately 2,500 full-time employees and 2,050 contract employees throughout the United States, Canada, Peru, Argentina and T rkiye. 
 As o f December 31, 2022, of the 630 full-time employees in T rkiye, approximately 64 were represented by a union, and of the 900 full-time employees in Argentina, approximately 60 were represented by a union. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 The Company recognizes that a workforce composed of many individuals with a mix of skills, experience, perspectives, backgrounds and characteristics leads to a more robust understanding of opportunities, issues and risks, and to stronger decision-making. Given the broad geographic footprint of the Company s operations, we benefit from a meaningfully diverse workforce. The Company s Board of Directors also recognizes that a diverse board of directors makes prudent business sense and makes for better oversight and corporate governance and is committed to a merit-based process, which is based on objective criteria, solicits multiple perspectives and is free of conscious or unconscious bias and discrimination, for the identification and selection of nominees to the Board. In March 2019, the Company became a member of each of the Catalyst Accord 2022 and the 30 Club Canada. These initiatives are aimed at accelerating the advancement of women in the workplace with a target goal of at least 30 representation of women on public-company boards. In 2022, the Board of Directors added two members who are women, bringing the total female representation on the Board to over 30 . 
 The Company has adopted a Diversity Policy which requires the Company to establish specific diversity initiatives, programs and targets. The Company s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee oversees the diversity initiatives at the Board level and the Company s Compensation and Leadership Development Committees oversee such initiatives across the Company. The Company s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the Diversity Policy available on our website annually and assesses its effectiveness. The Company and the Board of Directors are committed to establishing measurable diversity objectives and assessing on an annual basis the achievement against these objectives, including the representation of women at all levels of the organization. 
 In addition, the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct ), available on the Company's website, promotes and supports diversity and inclusion. 
 Health and Safety 
 The Company is committed to the health and safety of its employees and does so by creating and maintaining a safe working environment, equipment, work processes, effective safety and health management systems, and by complying with all applicable health and safety laws and regulations. The Company acknowledges that there are inherent risks associated with the Company s business and, through proactive risk management, continuously strives to maximize the safety of its operations and minimize and control health and safety risks. 
 The Company s safety framework emphasizes effective risk-centered management systems, positive and effective work cultures and proactive leadership to drive culture enhancement. The Company focuses on balancing the human and technical aspects of safety: blending leadership behaviors with traditional management activities to create a safe, productive culture. The Company ensures that its workers understand their individual roles and contributions to safe production and a safe workplace. In this way, the Company s employees maintain safety awareness, recognize hazards and analyze risk in their daily activities. The technical aspects of safety are addressed through established systems, policies and procedures that enable the Company's employees to identify and assess job-related risks, and that support our efforts to provide appropriate training and verify training competencies. Performance measurement and accountability provides feedback and maintains focus on continuous improvement. 
 Human Rights 
 As part of the Company s commitment to being a responsible corporate citizen, the Company recognizes the important role and responsibility it has in respecting the human rights of its stakeholders. The Company has adopted a Human Rights Policy, available on the Company s website, which is aligned with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the United Nations Global Compact, and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. This includes support and respect for the human rights expressed in the International Bill of Human Rights and the principles concerning fundamental rights set out in the International Labour Organization s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. 
 
 8 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained in this report (including information incorporated by reference herein) are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided for under these sections. Forward looking statements can be identified with words such as may, will, could, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, projects, predict, potential, continue and similar expressions, as well as statements written in the future tense. When made, forward-looking statements are based on information known to management at such time and/or management s good faith belief with respect to future events. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the Company's forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the Company's ability to control or predict. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation: 
 forecasts and outlook; 
 timing, production, cost, operating and capital expenditure guidance; 
 the Company s intention to return excess attributable free cash flow to shareholders; 
 the timing and implementation of the Company s dividend policy; 
 the implementation of any share buyback program; 
 statements regarding plans or expectations for the declaration of future dividends and the amount thereof; 
 future cash costs and all-in sustaining costs AISC per ounce of gold, silver and other metals sold; 
 the prices of gold, silver, copper, lead, zinc and other metals; 
 mineral resources, mineral reserves, realization of mineral reserves, and the existence or realization of mineral resource estimates; 
 the Company s ability to discover new areas of mineralization; 
 the timing and extent of capital investment at the Company s operations; 
 the timing of production and production levels and the results of the Company s exploration and development programs; 
 current financial resources being sufficient to carry out plans, commitments and business requirements for the next twelve months; 
 movements in commodity prices not impacting the value of any financial instruments; 
 estimated production rates for gold, silver and other metals produced by the Company; 
 the estimated cost of sustaining capital; 
 availability of sufficient financing; 
 receipt of regulatory approvals; 
 the timing of studies, announcements, and analysis; 
 the timing of construction and development of proposed mines and process facilities; 
 9 

ongoing or future development plans and capital replacement; 
 estimates of expected or anticipated economic returns from the Company s mining projects, including future sales of metals, concentrate or other products produced by the Company and the timing thereof; 
 the impact of COVID-19, including any existing and new variants, on the Company's operations; 
 the Company s plans and expectations for its properties and operations; and 
 all other timing, exploration, development, operational, financial, budgetary, economic, legal, social, environmental, regulatory, and political matters that may influence or be influenced by future events or conditions. 
 Such forward-looking information and statements are based on a number of material factors and assumptions, including, but not limited to: 
 the inherent speculative nature of exploration results; 
 the ability to explore; 
 communications with local stakeholders; 
 maintaining community and governmental relations; 
 status of negotiations of joint ventures; 
 weather conditions at the Company s operations; 
 commodity prices; 
 the ultimate determination of and realization of mineral reserves; 
 existence or realization of mineral resources; 
 the development approach; 
 availability and receipt of required approvals, titles, licenses and permits; 
 sufficient working capital to develop and operate the mines and implement development plans; 
 access to adequate services and supplies; 
 foreign currency exchange rates; 
 interest rates; 
 inflation; 
 access to capital markets and associated cost of funds; 
 availability of a qualified workforce; 
 ability to negotiate, finalize, and execute relevant agreements; 
 lack of social opposition to the Company s mines or facilities; 
 lack of legal challenges with respect to the Company s properties; 
 10 

the timing and amount of future production; 
 the ability to meet production, cost, and capital expenditure targets; 
 timing and ability to produce studies and analyses; 
 capital and operating expenditures; 
 economic conditions; 
 availability of sufficient financing; 
 the ultimate ability to mine, process, and sell mineral products on economically favorable terms; and 
 any and all other timing, exploration, development, operational, financial, budgetary, economic, legal, social, geopolitical, regulatory and political factors that may influence future events or conditions. 
 The above list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of the Company s forward-looking statements and information, and such statements and information will not be updated to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 
 Available Information 
 
 SSR Mining Inc. was incorporated in British Columbia, Canada in 2005 and its predecessor companies date back to 1946. The corporate office is located at Suite 1300 - 6900 E. Layton Ave Denver, Colorado 80237. SSR Mining s common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the trading symbol SSRM. The Company s CHESS depositary interests CDIs are listed under the ticker symbol SSR on Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) . 
 General information about the Company is available through the Company s website at http://www.ssrmining.com . The Company s press releases and filings with the SEC in the United States and on SEDAR in Canada are available free of charge within the Investors section of the Company s website at http://ir.ssrmining.com/investors . In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that are filed electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . The documents that the Company files under Canadian securities law requirements are available on SEDAR at the following address http://sedar.com . The information on or linked to the Company s website is neither a part of nor incorporated by reference in this Annual Report or any of the Company s other SEC filings or filings made on SEDAR. All references to www.ssrmining.co m in this Annual Report are inactive textual references only and information contained at that website is not incorporated herein and does not constitute a part of this Annual Report. 
 11 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The Company's business activities are subject to significant risks, including those described below. You should carefully consider these risks. If any of the described risks actually occurs, the Company's business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Such risks are not the only ones faced by the Company and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect the Company's business. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. 
 12 

Risk Factor Summary 
 The Company is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including risks related to the Company's operations and business, financial risks and risks related to the Company's indebtedness, risks related to the Company's industry and the jurisdictions in which we operate, risks related to our personnel, risks related to governmental regulation and legal proceedings and risks related to ownership of Company equity, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. The following is a summary of the principal risks faced by the Company, including, but not limited to: 
 Risks Related to the Company's Operations and Business: 
 The Company's production, development plans and cost estimates may vary and/or not be achieved. 
 Changes in the market prices of gold, silver and other metals, which in the past have fluctuated widely, will affect the Company s operations. 
 Epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises, including COVID-19, has, and could in the future, adversely affect the Company s business. 
 The Company s estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources are based on interpretation and assumptions and may yield less mineral production under actual conditions than is currently estimated. 
 The Company may be unable to replace its mineral reserves or acquire additional commercially mineable mineral rights. 
 Increased operating and capital costs could affect the Company's profitability. 
 The Company's operations may be adversely affected by rising energy prices or energy shortages. 
 Supply chain and other disruptions could adversely affect the Company's business. 
 Continuation of the Company's mining production is dependent on the availability of sufficient water supplies to support our mining operations. 
 The Company may be exposed to future development risks. 
 Land reclamation, mine closure and remediation requirements and costs may be burdensome and actual environmental and asset retirement obligations may exceed estimates and reserves. 
 The Company is subject to certain transportation risks that could have a negative impact on the Company s ability to operate. 
 The Company is subject to information systems security threats and other risks. 
 The Company s joint venture interests are subject to risks. 
 Reputation loss may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations and an impediment to the Company s overall ability to advance its projects, thereby having a material adverse impact on the Company s financial performance, financial condition, cash flows and growth prospects. 
 Financial Risks and Risks Related to Our Indebtedness: 
 The Company is subject to risks associated with its financial instruments. 
 The Company may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 Inflation may have a material adverse effect on results of operations. 
 Future funding requirements may affect the Company's business or its ability to develop mineral properties, complete exploration and development programs, pay cash dividends or engage in share repurchase transactions. 
 The Company may be unable to generate sufficient cash to service its debt and other actions to satisfy such obligations may be unsuccessful. 
 The Company may fail to fulfill its obligations under existing and future indebtedness, and such indebtedness may impair the financial health of the Company. 
 13 

Risks Related to Our Industry and the Jurisdictions in Which We Operate: 
 Political or economic instability or unexpected regulatory change in the countries where the Company s mineral properties are located could adversely affect its business. 
 Suitable infrastructure may not be available or damage to existing infrastructure may occur. 
 Mining is inherently risky and subject to conditions and events beyond the Company s control. 
 Mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate in order to maintain operations. 
 Indigenous peoples title claims and rights to consultation and accommodation may affect the Company s existing operations as well as development projects and future acquisitions. 
 Civil disobedience in certain of the countries where the Company s mineral properties are located could adversely affect its business. 
 The Company and the mining industry face geotechnical challenges, which could adversely impact our production and profitability. 
 Risks Related to Our Personnel: 
 Certain of the Company s directors and/or officers also serve, or may serve, as directors of other companies involved in natural resource exploration and development, and consequently there exists the possibility for these directors and/or officers to be in a position of conflict. 
 The Company could be subject to potential labor unrest or other labor disturbances. 
 The Company is dependent on its ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 
 The Company relies on contractors to conduct a significant portion of its operations and construction projects. 
 Risks Related to Governmental Regulation and Legal Proceedings: 
 The Company is subject to significant governmental regulations. 
 The Company requires permits to conduct its operations, and delays in obtaining or failing to obtain such permits, or a failure to comply with the terms of any such permits that the Company has obtained, would adversely affect the Company s business. 
 The Company s activities are subject to environmental laws and regulations that may increase the Company s costs and restrict its operations. 
 Compliance with emerging climate change regulations could result in significant costs and climate change may present physical risks to a mining company s operations. 
 The Company may be required by human rights laws to take actions that delay the Company s operations or the advancement of its projects. 
 The Company s mineral properties may be subject to uncertain title. 
 The Company is subject to claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
 The Company is subject to assessment by taxation authorities in multiple jurisdictions that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Company Equity: 
 The Company s common shares are publicly traded and are subject to various factors that have historically made the Company s common share price volatile. 
 Holders of our common shares may not receive dividends. 
 Future sales or issuances of equity securities could decrease the value of the Company s common shares, dilute investors voting power and reduce the Company s earnings per share. 
 14 

Risks Related to the Company's Operations and Business 
 
 The Company s production, development plans and cost estimates may vary and/or not be achieved. 
 The Company has prepared estimates of future production, operating costs and capital costs for pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna, and the Company s technical studies and reports for the Company s projects, including the pler District Master Plan 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, the Marigold 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, the Seabee 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, and the Puna 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, contain estimates of future production, development plans, operating and capital costs and other economic and technical estimates relating to these projects. These estimates are based on a variety of factors and assumptions and there is no assurance that such production, plans, costs or other estimates will be achieved. Actual production, costs and financial returns may vary significantly from the estimates depending on a variety of factors many of which are not within the Company s control. These factors include, but are not limited to: actual ore mined varying from estimates of grade, tonnage, dilution, metallurgical and other characteristics short-term operating factors such as the need for sequential development of ore bodies and the processing of new or different ore grades from those planned mine failures, slope failures or equipment failures industrial accidents natural phenomena such as inclement weather conditions, inadequate ice thickness for an ice road at Seabee, floods, droughts, wildfires, rock slides and earthquakes encountering unusual or unexpected geological conditions changes in power costs and potential power shortages exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations shortages of principal supplies needed for operations, including explosives, fuels, chemical reagents, water, equipment parts and lubricants labor shortages or strikes epidemics, pandemics and public health emergencies, including those related to the recent outbreak of COVID-19 high rates of inflation civil disobedience and protests and restrictions (including changes to the taxation regime) or regulations imposed by governmental or regulatory authorities, including permitting and environmental regulations, or other changes in the regulatory environments. Failure to achieve estimates or material increases in costs could have a material adverse impact on the Company s future cash flows, profitability, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in the market prices of gold, silver and other metals, which in the past have fluctuated widely, will affect the Company s operations. 
 The Company s profitability and long-term viability and the economic feasibility of its mineral properties depend, in large part, on the market price of gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc. The market prices for these metals are volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond the Company s control, including: 
 global or regional consumption patterns 
 the supply of, and demand for, these metals 
 gold sales, purchases or leasing by governments and central banks; 
 the monetary policies employed by the world s major central banks; 
 the fiscal policies employed by the world s major industrialized economies; 
 recession or reduced economic activity in the United States and other industrialized or developing countries; 
 speculative short positions taken by significant investors or traders in gold, silver, lead, zinc or other metals 
 forward sales by producers in hedging or similar transactions; 
 the availability and costs of metal substitutes 
 decreased industrial, jewelry, base metal or investment demand; 
 increased import and export taxes; 
 inflation and/or expectations for inflation 
 other political and economic conditions, including interest rates and currency values; and 
 changing investor or consumer sentiment, including in connection with transition to a low-carbon economy, investor interest in crypto currencies and other investment alternatives and other factors 
 15 

The Company cannot predict the effect of these factors on metal prices. For example, average gold prices for 2022 were 1,800 per ounce (2021: 1,799; 2020: 1,770), average silver prices for 2022 were 21.73 per ounce (2021: 25.14; 2020: 20.55) , average lead prices for 2022 were 0.97 per pound (2021: 1.00; 2020: 0.89) and average zinc prices for 2022 were 1.57 per pound (2021: 1.36; 2020: 1.03). A ny decline in our realized prices adversely impacts our revenues, net income and operating cash flows. 
 In addition, a decrease in the market price of gold, silver and other metals would affect the profitability of pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna Operations and could affect the Company s ability to finance the exploration and development of any of the Company s other mineral properties. The market price of gold, silver and other metals may not remain at current levels. In particular, an increase in worldwide supply, and consequential downward pressure on prices, may result over the longer term from increased gold or silver production from mines developed or expanded as a result of current metal price levels. 
 Furthermore, sustained lower gold, silver, copper, zinc, lead or other metal prices may: 
 reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that have become uneconomic at sustained lower metal prices; 
 reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore stockpiles and ore on leach pads and increase the likelihood and amount that the Company might be required to record as an impairment charge related to the carrying value of its stockpiles and ore on leach pads; 
 halt or delay the development of new projects; 
 reduce funds available for exploration and advanced projects with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and 
 reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices. 
 
 Epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises, including COVID-19, has, and could in the future, adversely affect the Company s business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the Company s operations since 2020, including production and operating income, as well as temporary suspension of operations at Seabee and Puna in 2020. Although no operational shut downs took place at any of the Company's properties in 2021 or 2022, the Company s mines are currently operating at expected levels and the Company reopened its corporate offices in 2022 at full capacity, there is no assurance that the operations at any or all of the Company's mines will not be the subject of new or additional restrictions, protocols, suspensions or closures, in whole or in part, in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business. Additionally, the health and safety protocols that the Company has implemented for the protection of its employees and other stakeholders largely remain in place and are adding costs and impacting the efficiency of the Company's operations. We remain vulnerable to potential COVID-19 restrictions and impacts, including those resulting from increases in infection rates, existing or new variants and new governmental mandates or restrictions, which could suspend or limit the Company's operations or result in temporary loss of employees due to COVID-19 infections or related illness. 
 The Company has implemented what it believes to be the necessary protocols in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates in order to adequately respond to possible new developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, including to further protect the health and safety of its workforce, their families and neighboring communities. However, with the uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, including in connection with existing or new variants of COVID-19, and the resulting implications globally, there is no assurance that any protocols that have been or that may be put in place will mitigate the risks or that they will not cause the Company to experience less favorable economic and/or health and safety outcomes. 
 Finally, while the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the Company s operations in the short term, it is difficult to predict the long-term impact on the global economy, which could in turn materially adversely affect our operations, financial results and/or liquidity position. In particular, government processes were slowed or delayed, including permitting, over the last two years, which impacted the Company's operations as the Company is regularly seeking additional permits and land access for possible growth. Although government processes are returning to activity levels we experienced in the past, a return of the restricted government processes that we experience during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative impact on the growth of our business. 
 16 

The global response to the COVID-19 pandemic has led to significant restrictions on travel, temporary business closures, quarantines, stock market volatility, supplier and vendor uncertainty and a general reduction in global consumer activity. Although the effects of COVID-19 have moderated, governments may introduce new, or modify existing, laws, regulations, decrees or other orders in response to a resurgence in infection rates, existence of new variants or other factors, all of which could impact the Company s suppliers, local communities, customers, and other stakeholders and negatively impact our business. 
 COVID-19 exposed the Company to many of the risks described in this report, including operational and supply chain delays and disruptions, labor shortages, social unrest, breach of material contracts and customer agreements, increased insurance premiums and/or taxes, increased supplier and contractor expenses, decreased demand or the inability to sell and deliver precious metals, declines in the price of precious metals, delays in permitting or approvals, governmental disruptions, international economic and political conditions, international or regional consumptive patterns, expectations on inflation or deflation, interest rates, capital markets volatility, or other unknown but potentially significant impacts, including the possibility of a significant protracted economic downturn, including a global recession. A return of the various restrictions, orders, protocols and shutdowns that were imposed in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic will again expose the company to these risks, which may impact, among other things, the Company s operating plans, production, liquidity and cash flows, valuation of its long-lived assets, the broader market and the trading price of SSR Mining s common shares. 
 
 The Company may be unable to replace its mineral reserves or acquire additional commercially mineable mineral rights. 
 The Company must continually replace its depleted mineral reserves to maintain production levels over the long term. Mineral reserves can be replaced by expanding known ore bodies, locating new deposits or making acquisitions. There is a risk that depletion of the Company s mineral reserves will not be offset by discoveries or acquisitions. The Company s mineral base may decline if mineral reserves are mined without adequate replacement and the Company may not be able to sustain production beyond the current mine lives, based on current production rates. If the Company s mineral reserves are not replaced either by the development of additional mineral reserves and/or additions to mineral reserves, there may be an adverse impact on the Company s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition, and this may be compounded by requirements to expend funds for reclamation and decommissioning. 
 The Company s future growth and productivity will depend, in part, on its ability to identify and acquire additional commercially mineable mineral rights, and on the costs and results of continued exploration and potential development programs. Mineral exploration is highly speculative in nature and is frequently non-productive. Most exploration projects do not result in the discovery of commercially mineable ore deposits, and there is no assurance that any anticipated or estimated level of recovery of mineral reserves will be realized or that any identified mineral deposit will ever qualify as a commercially mineable (or viable) orebody that can be legally and economically exploited. Once a site with mineralization is discovered, it may take several years from the initial phases of drilling until production is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. Substantial expenditures are also required to establish proven and/or probable mineral reserves and to construct mining and processing facilities. Material changes in mineral reserves, grades, stripping ratios or recovery rates may affect the economic viability of any project. As a result, there is no assurance that current or future exploration programs will be successful. 
 The Company may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore reserves from third parties. Such acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a variety of factors including, but not limited to, historical operating results, estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore reserves, the timing of production from such reserves, cash and other operating costs and the Company's assumptions for future gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices or other mineral prices. In connection with any acquisitions, the Company may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties, which may contain information or data that the Company is unable to independently verify or confirm. Other than historical operating results, all of these factors are uncertain and may have an impact on the Company's revenue, cash flow and other operating issues, as well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process used to estimate ore reserves. In addition, there may be intense competition for the acquisition of ore reserves and/or attractive mining properties. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully acquire any desired ore reserves or mining properties. 
 17 

The Company s estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources are based on interpretation and assumptions and may yield less mineral production under actual conditions than is currently estimated. 
 There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of mineral reserves and grades of mineralization, including many factors beyond the Company s control. In making determinations about whether to advance any of the Company s projects to development or to mine existing mineral reserves, the Company must rely upon estimated calculations as to the mineral reserves and grades of mineralization on its properties. Until ore is actually mined and processed, mineral reserves and grades of mineralization must be considered as estimates only. These estimates are imprecise and depend upon geological interpretation and statistical inferences drawn from drilling and sampling, which may prove to be unreliable. The Company cannot assure that mineral reserves, mineral resources or other mineralization estimates will be accurate, or that mineralization can be mined or processed profitably. Actual operating and capital cost and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time, the economic feasibility of production may change. 
 Additionally, the Company is required to comply with the disclosure standards under Regulation S-K Subpart 1300. The provisions of the disclosure standards are intended to align with those used in the major mining regulatory jurisdictions, however certain provisions of the disclosure standards may be more restrictive and/or prescriptive than those used in other regulatory jurisdictions. Such variation may result in declarations and disclosures of the Company differing, potentially materially, from those of our non-US joint-venture partners and competitors. 
 Any material changes in mineral reserves estimates and grades of mineralization will affect the economic viability of placing a property into production and a property s return on capital. The Company s estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources have been determined and valued based on assumed future prices, cut-off grades and operating costs that may prove to be inaccurate. Extended declines in market prices for gold, silver and other precious metals may render portions of the Company s mineralization uneconomic and result in reduced reported mineral reserves or mineral resources. 
 Any material reductions in estimates of mineralization, or of the Company s ability to extract this mineralization, including estimates made in the pler District Master Plan 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, the Marigold 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, the Seabee 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, and the Puna 2021 Technical Report Summary, as amended, and the technical reports for the Company s additional projects, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. There is no assurance that mineral recovery rates achieved in small scale tests will be duplicated in large scale tests under on-site conditions or in production scale. If our reserve estimations are required to be revised using significantly lower gold, silver, zinc, lead and other metal prices as a result of a decrease in commodity prices, increases in operating costs, reductions in metallurgical recovery or other modifying factors, this could result in material write-downs of our investment in mining properties or increased amortization, reclamation and closure charges. 
 
 Increased operating and capital costs could affect the Company's profitability. 
 Costs at any particular mining location are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as variable ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body, as well as the age and utilization rates for the mining and processing related facilities and equipment. In addition, costs are affected by the price and availability of input commodities, such as fuel, electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel, concrete and mining and processing related equipment and facilities. Commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations less profitable. Further, changes in laws and regulations can affect commodity prices, uses and transport. Reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow. 
 We could have significant increases in capital and operating costs over the next several years in connection with the development of new projects and in the sustaining and/or expansion of existing mining and processing operations. Costs associated with capital expenditures may increase in the future as a result of factors beyond our control. Increased capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the profitability of and cash flow generated from existing operations, as well as the economic returns anticipated from new projects. 
 
 The Company's operations may be adversely affected by rising energy prices or energy shortages. 
 Our mining operations and development projects require significant amounts of energy. Increasing global demand for energy, concerns about nuclear power and the limited growth of new energy sources are affecting the price and supply of energy. A variety of factors, including higher energy usage in emerging market economies, actual and 
 18 

proposed taxation of carbon emissions as well as concerns surrounding unrest and potential and actual conflict in the Middle East and Ukraine, could result in increased demand or limited supply of energy and/or sharply escalating diesel fuel, gasoline, natural gas and other energy prices. Additionally, changes in energy laws and regulations in various jurisdictions may impact energy dispatch rules and the ability to access energy and sell excess energy. Limitations on energy supply and increased energy prices could negatively impact our operating costs and cash flow. 
 Our principal energy sources are electricity, purchased petroleum products, natural gas and coal. Some of our operations are in remote locations requiring long distance transmission of power, and in some locations we compete with other companies for access to third party power generators or electrical supply networks. As our operations move towards lower greenhouse gas GHG emissions targets, power sources and technology at our operations will continue to be evaluated. Certain of our operations may become more dependent upon access to electrical power supply as certain mines move towards electrification. A disruption in the transmission of energy, inadequate energy transmission infrastructure or the termination of any of our energy supply contracts could interrupt our energy supply and adversely affect our operations. 
 Supply chain and other disruptions could adversely affect the Company's business. 
 The Company s ability to mine, process and sell products is critical to our operations. The Company s operations depend on the continued availability of energy, water, equipment and labor, the costs of which are subject to worldwide supply and demand as well as other factors beyond the Company s control. Supply chain disruptions, power outages, labor disputes and/or strikes, geopolitical activity, weather events and natural disasters and global health risks or pandemics could seriously harm the Company s operations as well as the operations of the Company s customers and suppliers. Likewise, disruptions in the transportation and delivery of products may impact our ability to sell our products and deliver them to our customers on time. In addition, the costs of transporting materials and products through our chain of sourcing and production may increase, and such increases could be significant. Further, the Company s suppliers may experience capacity limitations in their own operations or may elect to reduce or eliminate certain product lines. To address this risk, generally, the Company seeks to have many sources of supply for key materials in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers, however, prices charged for such key materials by suppliers may differ substantially and obtaining key materials from different suppliers may impact the Company's costs. Although there can be no assurance that such mitigation efforts will prevent future difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of certain materials, the Company believes it has adequate programs to ensure a reliable supply of key materials. 
 Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such disruptions, or to effectively manage such disruptions if they occur, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our global supply chain. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Continuation of the Company's mining production is dependent on the availability of sufficient water supplies to support our mining operations. 
 The Company recognizes the right to clean, safe water and that reliable water supplies are vital for hygiene, sanitation, livelihoods and the health of the environment. Across the globe, water is a shared and regulated resource. Water is also critical to the Company's business, and the increasing pressure on water resources requires us to consider both current and future conditions in our water management approach. SSR Mining operates in areas where watersheds are under stress with limited supply, increasing population and water demand that impact water in various forms. The Company's management of water-related risks targets the specific areas of operation, as well as considering the physical environment and social and regulatory context. Although each of the Company's operations currently has sufficient water rights, claims and contracts to cover its operational demands, the potential outcome of pending or future legal proceedings or community negotiations relating to water rights, claims, contracts and uses is unknown and unpredictable. Further, laws and regulations may be introduced in certain operational jurisdictions, which could limit the Company's access to sufficient water resources. Water shortages may also result from weather or environmental changes and climate impacts out of the Company s control. While the Company has considered and incorporated systems to address the impact of the dry season as part of its operating plans, there is no assurance that those systems will be sufficient to address all shortages in water supply. Any interruption or shortage of water supplies could require the Company to curtail or shut down mining production and could prevent the Company from pursuing expansion opportunities, resulting in production and processing delays or stoppages. 
 19 

The Company may be exposed to future development risks. 
 Any adverse condition affecting mining or processing conditions at a Company property could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial performance and results of operations. The future development of any other properties found to be economically feasible and approved by the Company s Board of Directors will require the construction and operation of mines, processing plants and related infrastructure. As a result, the Company is and will continue to be subject to all of the risks associated with establishing new mining operations, including: 
 the availability and cost of skilled labor, and mining and processing equipment 
 the availability and cost of appropriate smelting and refining arrangements 
 securing long-term access agreements required to develop and operate a mine 
 the need to obtain and retain necessary environmental and other governmental approvals and permits and the timing of the receipt of those approvals and permits 
 potential opposition from governmental or non-governmental organizations, environmental groups or local community groups which may delay or prevent development activities 
 potential for labor unrest or other labor disturbances 
 potential increases in cost structures due to changes in input costs including the cost of fuel, power, materials and supplies and fluctuations in currency exchange rates 
 the timing and cost, which may be considerable, of the construction and expansion of mining, processing and tailings management facilities; 
 changes in tonnage, grades and metallurgical characteristics of ore to be mined and processed; 
 the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made; 
 adverse geotechnical conditions; 
 changes in tax laws, the laws and/or regulations around royalties and other taxes due to the regional and national governments and royalty agreements; 
 weather or severe climate impacts, including, without limitation, prolonged or unexpected precipitation, drought and/or sub-zero temperatures; and 
 potential delays and restrictions in connection with health and safety issues, including pandemics (such as COVID-19) and other infectious diseases. 
 The costs, timing and complexities of operating the Company's existing operations and constructing and developing the Company s other projects may be greater than the Company anticipates. The majority of the Company's established and development property interests are not located in developed areas and, as a result, the Company s property interests may not be served by appropriate road access, water and power supply and other support infrastructure. Cost estimates may also increase as more detailed engineering work is completed on a project. 
 Properties not yet in production or slated for expansion are subject to higher risks, as new mining operations often experience unexpected problems during the construction and start-up phase, and production delays and cost adjustments can often occur. Further, feasibility studies, pre-feasibility studies and preliminary economic assessments contain project-specific estimates of future production, which are based on a variety of factors and assumptions. There is no assurance that such estimates will be achieved and the failure to achieve production or cost estimates or material increases in costs could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future cash flows, profitability, results of operations and financial condition and the Company s share price. 
 
 20 

In addition, developments are prone to material cost overruns versus budget. The capital expenditures and time required to develop new mines, including building mining and processing facilities for new properties, are considerable, and changes in cost or construction schedules can significantly increase both the time and capital required to build the mine. The project development schedules are also dependent on obtaining the governmental approvals and permits necessary for the operation of a mine, which is often beyond the Company s control. It is not unusual in the mining industry for new mining operations to experience unexpected problems during the start-up phase, resulting in delays and requiring more capital than anticipated. There is no assurance that there will be sufficient availability of funds to finance construction and development activities, particularly if unexpected problems arise. 
 The Company s production forecasts are based on full production rates being achieved at all of the Company s mines. The Company s ability to achieve and maintain full production rates at these mines is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Future development activities may not result in the expansion or replacement of current production forecasts with new production forecasts. One or more new projects may be less profitable than anticipated or may not be profitable at all. Any reduction in production forecasts could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Land reclamation, mine closure and remediation requirements and costs may be burdensome and actual environmental and asset retirement obligations may exceed estimates and reserves. 
 Although variable depending on location and the governing authority, land reclamation, mine closure and remediation requirements are generally imposed on mining companies in order to minimize long-term effects of land disturbance. Such requirements may include requirements to control dispersion of potentially deleterious effluents, and reasonably re-establish pre-disturbance landforms and vegetation. 
 The laws and regulations governing mine closure and reclamation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions. Any additional obligations may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. In addition, regulators are increasingly requesting security in the form of cash collateral, credit, trust arrangements or guarantees to secure the performance of environmental obligations, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position. For a more detailed description of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters in Notes 6 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Under the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA and its state law equivalents, current or former owners of properties may be held jointly and severally liable for the costs of site cleanup or required to undertake remedial actions in response to unpermitted releases of hazardous substances at such property, in addition to, among other potential consequences, liability to governmental entities for the cost of damages to natural resources, which may be significant. These subject properties are referred to as superfund sites. While no operations are currently so designated, it is possible that certain of our other current or former operations in the U.S. could be designated as a superfund site in the future, exposing us to potential liability under CERCLA. 
 In order to carry out reclamation, mine closure and remediation obligations imposed on the Company in connection with its exploration, potential development and production activities, the Company must allocate financial resources that might otherwise be spent on further exploration and development programs, including providing the appropriate regulatory authorities with reclamation financial assurance. The amount and nature of the financial assurance are dependent upon a number of factors, including the Company s financial condition and reclamation cost estimates, and can be difficult to predict, particularly water remediation requirements which may be ongoing and long lasting. Changes to these amounts, as well as the nature of the collateral to be provided, could significantly increase the Company s costs, making the maintenance and development of existing and new mines less economically feasible. To the extent that the value of the collateral provided to the regulatory authorities is or becomes insufficient to cover the amount of financial assurance the Company is required to post, the Company would be required to replace or supplement the existing security with more expensive forms of security, which might include cash deposits, which would reduce the Company s cash available for operations and financing activities. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain or add to the Company s current level of financial assurance. The Company may not have sufficient capital resources to further supplement the Company s existing security. 
 Certain of the Company s mineral properties have been subject to historic mining operations and certain of the mineral properties that were historically mined by the Company are subject to remediation obligations. In addition, the actual costs of reclamation, mine closure and remediation are uncertain and planned expenditures may differ from the actual expenditures required. Therefore, the amount that the Company is required to spend could be 
 21 

materially higher than current estimates. Any additional amounts required to be spent on reclamation and mine closure may have an adverse effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations and may cause the Company to alter the Company s operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to certain transportation risks that could have a negative impact on the Company s ability to operate. 
 The Company s facilities depend on delivery of supplies of consumables (including diesel, tires, sodium cyanide and reagents) and capital items to operate efficiently. At Seabee, supplies are delivered to site across a seasonal ice road. If the Company experiences prolonged disruption to the delivery of such consumables, the Company s production efficiency and ability to effectively complete capital projects requiring such deliveries may be reduced. Separately, if the seasonal ice road becomes unusable or unavailable for any reason, the Company may incur significant costs to arrange alternative transportation, if such alternative transportation is even available or possible. There can be no assurance that these transportation risks will not have an adverse effect on any site, particularly Seabee, and therefore on the Company s profitability. 
 In addition, ore mined at the Chinchillas property is loaded onto road trucks and transported approximately 45 kilometers to the Pirquitas processing facilities. Transportation of such ore is subject to numerous risks including, but not limited to, roadblocks, terrorism, interruption by domesticated and non-domesticated herding animals, theft, weather conditions, environmental liabilities in the event of an accident or spill, inability to transport ore in oversized loads, personal injury and loss of life. The Company is also subject to the risk of a potential interruption of business from a third party beyond the Company s control, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations and revenues. 
 
 The Company is subject to information systems security threats and other risks. 
 The Company has entered into agreements with third parties for hardware, software, telecommunications and other information technology IT services in connection with its operations. The Company s operations depend, in part, on how well the Company and its suppliers protect networks, equipment, IT systems and software against damage from a number of threats, including, but not limited to, cable cuts, damage to physical plants, natural disasters, terrorism, fire, power loss, hacking, computer viruses, vandalism and theft. Cybersecurity risk is increasingly difficult to identify and quantify and cannot be fully mitigated because of the rapidly evolving nature of the threats, targets and consequences. Additionally, unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our third-party service providers, employees or vendors. In November 2022, Anagold, the Company's Turkish subsidiary, was the target of a ransomware attack. The attack did not cause any serious disruption to the Company's or Anagold's operations. Following the incident, the Company has taken and will continue to take additional steps designed to further protect its networks and its information. 
 Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of cybersecurity attacks or other IT disruptions, it is difficult to predict how such disruptions may impact our business. However, cybersecurity attacks or IT disruptions subject us to, among other things, production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions. Outages in our operational technology may affect operations related to health and safety and could result in putting lives at risk of harm or death. In addition, as technologies evolve and cybersecurity attacks continue to become more sophisticated, we may incur significant costs to upgrade or enhance our security measures to protect against such attacks and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate preventive measures or mitigating potential harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. For instance, we review our cybersecurity controls against actual and current industry threats and partner with security vendors to assist with protecting our network and data resources through activities such as penetration and vulnerability testing, assessments against current cybersecurity standards, and leveraging industry recommendations from both independent vendors as well as industry partners. Such efforts may incur significant costs and yet prove insufficient to deter future cybersecurity attacks or prevent all security breaches. 
 The Company s operations also depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade and replacement of networks, equipment, IT systems and software, as well as pre-emptive expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. Any of these and other events could result in information system failures, delays and/or increase in capital and operating expenses. The failure of information systems or a component of information systems could, depending on the nature of any such failure, adversely impact the Company s reputation and results of operations. 
 22 

General economic conditions may adversely affect the Company s growth and profitability. 
 Market events and conditions, including the disruptions in the international credit markets and other financial systems, recession or fears of recession, along with political instability and fluctuation of currency prices expressed in USD, CAD, TL, ARS, or the currency of any other location in which the Company operates may result in commodity price volatility. These conditions have, at times, caused a loss of confidence in global credit markets, resulting in the collapse of, and/or government intervention in, major banks, financial institutions and insurers, and creating a climate of greater volatility, tighter regulations, less liquidity, widening credit spreads, less price transparency, increased credit losses and tighter credit conditions. Notwithstanding various actions by governments, concerns about the general condition of the capital markets, financial instruments, banks and investment banks, insurers and other financial institutions may cause the broader credit markets to be volatile and interest rates to continue to fluctuate. In addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in price levels in a particular sector such as the energy sector (such as current inflation related to domestic and global supply chain issues, which has led to both overall price increases and pronounced price increases in certain sectors) could result in a shift in demand for metals, which could adversely affect our revenues and, at the same time, increase our costs. These events are illustrative of the effect that events beyond the Company s control may have on commodity prices, demand for metals, including gold, silver, zinc and lead, availability of credit, investor confidence, and general financial market liquidity, all of which may adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 The Company faces intense competition in the mining industry. 
 The mining industry is intensely competitive in all phases and the Company competes with many companies, several of which possess greater financial and technical resources than itself. Competition in the base and precious metals mining industry is primarily for mineral rich properties which can be developed and produced economically the human resources and technical expertise to find, develop, and operate such properties the labor to operate the properties and the capital for the purpose of funding such properties. Many competitors not only explore for and mine precious metals, but also conduct refining and marketing operations on a world-wide basis. Such competition may result in the Company being unable to acquire desired properties, recruit or retain qualified employees or acquire the capital necessary to fund its operations and develop its properties. Existing or future competition in the mining industry could materially adversely affect the Company s prospects for mineral exploration and success in the future. 
 
 The Company may be subject to risks associated with future acquisitions. 
 As part of the Company s business strategy, it has sought and will continue to seek new operating, development and exploration opportunities in the mining industry. In pursuit of such opportunities, the Company may fail to select appropriate acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable arrangements, including arrangements to finance acquisitions or integrate the acquired opportunities into the Company's existing business. The Company cannot provide assurance that it can complete any acquisition or business arrangement that it pursues, or is pursuing, on favorable terms, if at all, or that any acquisitions or business arrangements completed will ultimately benefit its business. Further, any acquisition the Company makes will require a significant amount of time and attention of the Company's management, as well as resources that otherwise could be spent on the operation and development of its existing business. 
 Any future acquisitions would be accompanied by risks, such as a significant decline in the relevant metal price after the Company commits to complete an acquisition on certain terms the quality of the mineral deposit acquired proving to be lower than expected the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of any acquired companies the potential disruption of its ongoing business the inability of management to realize anticipated synergies and maximize its financial and strategic position the failure to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies and the potential for unknown or unanticipated liabilities associated with acquired assets and businesses, including tax, environmental or other liabilities. There can be no assurance that any business or assets acquired in the future will prove to be profitable, that the Company will be able to integrate the acquired businesses or assets successfully or that the Company will identify all potential liabilities during due diligence. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on its business, expansion, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company s joint venture interests are subject to risks. 
 The Company has joint venture arrangements in respect of certain of its properties, including its properties in T rkiye. Although the Company expects relations with its joint venture and strategic partners to remain positive, contractual or other disputes may arise that may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or its ability to develop and operate its assets. Furthermore, the Company has inherently less control when it is not 
 23 

the operator of a project subject to a joint venture agreement, even if the Company has a controlling interest under a joint venture agreement. In such instances, the contractual terms of the agreement may limit the Company s ability to influence the operation of the project. 
 
 The Company s interest in deferred consideration received from divestitures may not be fully realizable. 
 From time to time, as partial or full consideration for the Company s disposition of assets, the Company may receive certain deferred cash or enter into long-term royalty arrangements, including net smelter royalties. The Company cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be able to realize the full value of any deferred cash or royalty interests. 
 
 Reputation loss may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations and an impediment to the Company s overall ability to advance its projects, thereby having a material adverse impact on the Company s financial performance, financial condition, cash flows and growth prospects. 
 Damage to the Company s reputation can be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, and could include negative publicity, whether true or not. The increased use of social media and other web-based tools to generate, publish and discuss user-generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for individuals and groups to communicate and share opinions and views regarding the Company and its activities, whether true or not. In recent years, social media has grown to rival or even dominate traditional media outlets in reach and dissemination of information. This has resulted in an environment of information overload which is frequently infiltrated by fabricated and fraudulent information. Fabricated and fraudulent information articles multiply rapidly and act as narratives that omit or add information to facts. Social media may be the primary source of news and information in certain regions in which the Company conducts business, and traditional media outlets may pick up social media-based stories and further disseminate information beyond social media platforms. In this environment, false or fabricated information about the Company and its business may travel more quickly than the Company can issue or disseminate the truth. 
 The Company does not ultimately have direct control over how it is perceived by others. Fabricated and fraudulent news articles may be misinterpreted as true and may lead to increased public scrutiny on the Company. Such increased public scrutiny may also lead to increased governmental or regulatory scrutiny, whether deserved or not, leading to potential reputational damage to the Company. Reputational damage, real or perceived, could have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial performance, financial condition, cash flows and growth prospects. 

The Company s insurance coverage does not cover all of the Company s potential losses, liabilities and damages related to its business and certain risks are uninsured and uninsurable. 
 The Company s business is subject to a number of risks and hazards generally, including adverse environmental conditions, industrial accidents, labor disputes, unusual or unexpected geological conditions, ground or slope failures, cave-ins, mechanical failures, changes in the regulatory environment and natural phenomena such as inclement weather conditions, fires, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. Such occurrences could result in damage to mineral properties or production facilities, personal injury or death, environmental damage to the Company s properties or the properties of others, delays in mining, monetary losses and possible legal liability. 
 Although the Company maintains insurance to protect against certain risks in such amounts as it considers reasonable, the Company s insurance will not cover all of the potential risks associated with a mining company s operations. The Company may also be unable to maintain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums. Insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be adequate to cover any resulting liability. Moreover, insurance against risks such as loss of title to mineral property, environmental pollution, or other hazards as a result of exploration and production is not generally available to the Company or to other companies in the mining industry on acceptable terms. The Company might also become subject to liability for pollution or other hazards which may not be insured against or which it may elect not to insure against because of premium costs or other reasons. Losses from these events may cause the Company to incur significant costs that could have a material adverse effect upon its financial performance and results of operations. 
 24 

The Company is exposed to market and/or counterparty risks related to the sale of its concentrates and metals. 
 There is no assurance that the Company will, in the future and where necessary, be successful in entering into arrangements to sell the Company s dor or concentrates on acceptable terms, or at all. If the Company is not successful in entering into such arrangements, the Company may be forced to sell some or all of the Company s products, or greater volumes of them than the Company may from time to time intend, in the spot market, or the Company may not have a market for its products and the Company s future operating results may be materially adversely impacted as a result. 
 In addition, the Company may become subject to such market limitations and/or complications should any counterparty to any of the Company s arrangements not honor such arrangement or should any of such counterparties become insolvent. Moreover, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to renew any agreements the Company has in place to sell dor or concentrates when such agreements expire, that the Company will be able to enter into any new or additional sale agreements, or that the Company s dor or concentrates will meet the qualitative and/or quantitative requirements under supply agreements or of existing or future buyers. 
 
 Financial Risks and Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 The Company may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents primarily in USD. The Company s revenues are in USD, while certain of the Company s costs will be incurred in other currencies. Any appreciation in the currencies of T rkiye, Canada, Argentina, or any other country in which the Company carries out exploration or development activities against the USD will increase the Company s costs of carrying on operations in such countries. In addition, any decrease in the TL, CAD, ARS, or the currency of any other country in which the Company operates, against the USD will result in a loss on the Company s books to the extent the Company holds funds or net monetary or non-monetary assets denominated in those currencies. 
 From time to time, countries in which the Company operates may adopt measures to restrict the availability of the local currency or the repatriation of capital across borders or enact tax rate changes designed to restrict fund movement across borders. These measures are imposed by governments or central banks, in some cases during times of economic instability, to prevent the removal of capital or the sudden devaluation of local currencies or to maintain in-country foreign currency reserves. In addition, many emerging markets countries require consents or reporting processes before local currency earnings can be converted into USD or other currencies and/or such earnings can be repatriated or otherwise transferred outside of the operating jurisdiction. These measures may have a number of negative effects on SSR Mining, reducing the immediately available capital that we could otherwise deploy for investment opportunities or the payment of expenses. In addition, measures that restrict the availability of the local currency or impose a requirement to operate in the local currency may create other practical difficulties for SSR Mining. As a result, the Company s financial performance and forecasts may be significantly impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 
 Inflation may have a material adverse effect on results of operations. 
 Certain of the Company's operations are located in countries that have in the past and are currently experiencing high rates of inflation. It is possible that in the future, high inflation in the countries in which we operate may result in an increase in operational costs in local currencies (without a concurrent devaluation of the local currency of operations against the dollar or an increase in the dollar price of gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead). Maintaining operating costs in currencies subject to significant inflation could expose us to risks relating to devaluation and high domestic inflation. Country-specific inflation rates are often volatile and unpredictable, and global inflation rates rose consistently at the end of 2021 as a result of numerous global economic factors and the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. For instance, in Argentina, the level of inflation during 2022 reached 94.8 . The level of inflation in T rkiye reached 72 during 2022, significantly impacting the value of the Turkish lira and precipitating Turkish governmental efforts to offset inflation impacts and restore the value of the lira, including lowering central bank interest rates. Significantly higher and sustained rates of inflation, with subsequent increases in operational costs, could result in the deferral or closure of projects and mines in the event that operating costs become prohibitive. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 The Company may be subject to risks associated with hedging activities. 
 Precious metals prices, foreign currency rates, and costs of materials and consumables associated with exploration, development and mining activities are subject to frequent, unpredictable and substantial volatility which is beyond the Company s control. The Company previously engaged in an interest rate hedge and may engage in additional 
 25 

hedging activities in the future. Hedging activities are intended to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in the price of precious metals, foreign currencies, materials and consumables. Certain precious metals hedging strategies may protect a company against lower prices, but they may also limit the price that can be realized on precious metal that is subject to forward sales and call options where the market price of gold exceeds the gold price in a forward sale or call option contract. Similarly, hedges of foreign currencies, materials and consumables may protect a company against adverse currency variances and rising costs but may result in losses if currency rates and costs move counter to a company s hedge position. Hedging activities may be uneconomic due to numerous factors and no assurances can be made that hedging will effectively mitigate risks as intended. 
 
 The Company is subject to risks associated with its financial instruments. 
 The Company maintains financial instruments consisting of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, short-term investments, investments in publicly traded securities, trade and other payables and borrowings, including the Term Loan entered into with a syndicate of lenders (BNP Paribas (Suisse) SA, ING Bank NV, Societe Generale Corporate Investment Banking and UniCredit S.P.A.) (the Term Loan ), a Credit Agreement, as amended, with The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, the Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia (the "Amended Credit Agreement"), and the indenture governing the notes, dated as of March 19, 2019 entered into with The Bank of New York Mellon (the 2019 Notes ). The Company s financial instruments are denominated in various foreign currency denominations and are held in various financial institutions. These financial instruments, and others which the Company may acquire, involve substantial risks including, but not limited to, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign currency risk. Volatility of external factors beyond the Company s control may result in substantial and permanent losses. Furthermore, to adequately reduce these risks to acceptable levels, available investment alternatives may result in limited or no return on these assets and any derivative which may be acquired in attempt to mitigate these risks may be ineffective. 
 The Company's Term Loan and Amended Credit Agreement use the London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") as the screen rate and benchmark rate, respectively, and contain LIBOR alternative provisions applicable when LIBOR ceases to exist. LIBOR has recently been the subject of international reform proposals and certain LIBOR settings were discontinued at the end of 2021, with the remaining settings expected to be discontinued by mid-2023. In the United States, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee has proposed the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as an alternative to LIBOR for use in contracts that are currently indexed to USD LIBOR and has proposed a phased market transition plan to SOFR. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. If our LIBOR-based borrowings are converted to SOFR or other alternative rates, the differences between LIBOR and such rates, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to LIBOR, or the establishment of alternative reference rates, such as SOFR, may have on LIBOR, other benchmark rates or floating rate debt instruments, or whether SOFR or any other alternative reference rates that have been proposed will attain market acceptance as replacements of LIBOR. While the Term Loan and Amended Credit Agreement contain LIBOR alternative provisions, the use of alternative reference rates or other reforms could cause the interest rate on the Company's borrowings to be materially different than expected. These developments may cause the Company to renegotiate some of these agreements. The Company will continue to monitor market developments related to LIBOR's modification or discontinuance. 
 
 Future funding requirements may affect the Company's business or its ability to develop mineral properties, complete exploration and development programs, pay cash dividends or engage in share repurchase transactions. 
 Potential future investments, including projects in the Company s project pipeline, acquisitions and other investments, will require significant funds for capital expenditures. The continuation of production, development and exploration activities, if any, will depend on the Company s ability to generate sufficient operating cash flows from its mining operations and to obtain additional external financing where necessary. Depending on gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead prices, the Company's operating cash flow may not be sufficient to meet all of these expenditures, depending on the timing of development and other projects. As a result, new sources of capital may be needed to fund investments, ongoing business activities, construction and operation of potential future projects and exploration projects, in addition to funding possible share repurchase transactions and paying dividends. The Company's ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead prices as well as the Company's operational performance, current cash flow and debt position, among other factors. Failure to obtain sufficient financing could result in the delay or indefinite postponement of exploration, development or production on any or all of its projects. There can be no assurance that additional capital or other types of financing will be available if needed or that, if available, the 
 26 

terms of such financing will be favorable. Alternatively, the Company may determine that it may be necessary or preferable to issue additional equity or other securities, defer projects or sell assets in the future to meet the Company's capital needs. 
 U.S. and global markets have, from time to time, experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions, and the COVID-19 pandemic has increased, and may continue to increase, volatility and pricing in the capital markets. Additional financing may not be commercially available when needed or, if available, the terms of such financing may not be favorable to us and, if raised by offering equity securities, any additional financing may involve substantial dilution to existing shareholders. In the event of lower gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or new funding limitations, the Company's ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing business activities, retire or service all outstanding debt, repurchase shares and pay dividends could be significantly constrained. If the Company is unable to obtain financing or service existing or future debt we could be required to reduce, suspend or eliminate any dividend payments to shareholders or any planned share repurchase transactions. In addition, the Company's joint venture partners may not have sufficient funds or borrowing ability to make their expected capital commitments to such joint ventures. In the case that such joint venture partners do not make their economic commitments, the Company may be prevented from pursuing certain development opportunities or may assume additional financial obligations, which may require new sources of capital. 
 
 The Company may be unable to generate sufficient cash to service its debt and other actions to satisfy such obligations may be unsuccessful. 
 The Company's ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations and to fund our planned capital expenditures and other ongoing liquidity needs depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that the Company's business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that borrowings will be available to us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. The Company may need to refinance all or a portion of its debt on or before maturity, but there is no assurance that the Company will be able to refinance any debt on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund the Company's debt service obligations, it may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our debt. The Company's ability to restructure or refinance its debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of the Company's debt could be at higher interest rates and may require the Company to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments, including the indenture governing the 2019 Notes, the Amended Credit Agreement and the Term Loan, may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on outstanding debt on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of the Company's credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional debt. 
 
 The Company may fail to fulfill its obligations under existing and future indebtedness, and such indebtedness may impair the financial health of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total indebtedness of approximately 298.3 mil lion, primarily in the form of the 2019 Notes and the Term Loan. The Company's level of debt and associated debt service obligations may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations, including: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect our outstanding indebtedness; 
 reducing the amount of funds available to finance our operations, capital expenditures and other activities; 
 increasing our vulnerability to economic downturns and industry conditions; 
 limiting our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions; 
 jeopardizing our ability to execute our business plans; 
 placing us at a disadvantage when compared to our competitors that have less debt; 
 increasing our cost of borrowing; and 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds. 
 27 

The Company and its subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. If new debt is added to the Company and/or its subsidiaries existing debt levels, the existing risks associated with the Company s aggregate debt would necessarily increase. 
 The Company s subsidiary, Anagold Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi, is party to the Term Loan assumed through the Company s 2020 merger with Alacer Gold Corp. In addition, the Company is party to the Amended Credit Agreement. The Company's ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance its debt obligations under the Term Loan and Amended Credit Agreement depends on its financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond its control. The Company may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit the Company to pay the principal, premium (if any) and interest on its indebtedness. If the Company s cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund its debt service obligations, it could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance its indebtedness. The Company may not be able to affect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternatives may not allow it to meet its scheduled debt service obligations. The Term Loan and the Amended Credit Agreement will restrict the Company's ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict its ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. The Company may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 Under the 2019 Notes, the Company has made various covenants to the trustees on behalf of the holders of such notes, including to make payments of interest and principal when due and, upon undergoing a fundamental change, to offer to purchase all of the outstanding 2019 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Furthermore, if an event of default were to occur under the Term Loan, Amended Credit Agreement or 2019 Notes, this would place additional strain on the Company s cash resources, which could inhibit its ability to further the Company s exploration and development activities. 
 
 The Company may fail to meet financial covenants related to its indebtedness. 
 The terms of the Company s debt, including the Term Loan and the Amended Credit Agreement, require the Company to satisfy various affirmative and negative covenants and to meet certain financial ratios and tests. These covenants limit, among other things, the Company s ability to incur further indebtedness if doing so would cause it to fail to meet certain financial covenants, create certain liens on assets or engage in certain types of transactions. Although these covenants do not currently restrict the Company s ability to conduct its business, there can be no assurances that the Company will continue to satisfy these covenants, that such covenants will not limit in its ability to respond to changes in its business or competitive activities in the future, or the Company will not be restricted from engaging in future mergers, acquisitions or dispositions of assets which may be beneficial to the Company. Furthermore, a breach of these covenants, including a failure to meet the financial tests or ratios, would likely result in an event of default under the associated debt instrument unless the Company can obtain a waiver or consent in respect of any such breach. There can be no assurance that such waiver or consent would be granted. In the event of any default, the applicable lenders could elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued and unpaid interest, fees and other amounts due, to be immediately due and payable, which may have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, profitability or financial condition. For example, as a result of the suspended operations at the pler mine, we were not in compliance with certain financial covenants under our Term Loan as of September 30, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we received a waiver for the non-compliance event from our lenders. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry and the Jurisdictions in Which We Operate 
 
 Political or economic instability or unexpected regulatory change in the countries where the Company s mineral properties are located could adversely affect its business. 
 The Company currently conducts operations in the United States, T rkiye, Canada and Argentina, and has development and exploration assets in the United States, T rkiye, Canada, Mexico and Peru; as such, the Company is exposed to various levels of economic, political and other risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties vary from country to country and include, but are not limited to: royalties and tax increases or claims by governmental bodies expropriation or nationalization employee profit-sharing requirements foreign exchange controls restrictions on repatriation of profits import and export regulations cancellation or renegotiation of contracts changing fiscal regimes and uncertain regulatory environments fluctuations in currency exchange rates high rates of inflation changes in royalty and tax regimes, including the elimination of tax exemptions 
 28 

underdeveloped industrial and economic infrastructure unenforceability of contractual rights and judgments loss of social license to operate resulting from a decline in societal support for the industry loss of critical services such as power and water and environmental permitting regulations. The occurrence of these various factors and uncertainties cannot be accurately predicted and could adversely affect the Company s business. 
 Furthermore, the introduction of new tax laws, regulations or rules, or changes to, or differing interpretation of, or application of, existing tax laws, regulations or rules in any of the countries in which the Company s operations or business is located, could result in an increase in its taxes, or other governmental charges, duties or impositions. No assurance can be given that new tax laws, rules or regulations will not be enacted or that existing tax laws will not be changed, interpreted or applied in a manner that could result in the Company s profits being subject to additional taxation or that could otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Additionally, the taking of property by nationalization or expropriation without adequate compensation is a risk in certain jurisdictions in which the Company has operations. Expropriation, or the threat of expropriation, is often the result of poor economic conditions within a country or has underlying political rationales. Although the Company does not presently anticipate that any of its properties will be the subject of expropriation, there can be no assurance that this will not occur. Such governmental actions may have an adverse impact on the Company s operations and profitability. 
 
 Suitable infrastructure may not be available or damage to existing infrastructure may occur. 
 Mining, processing, development and exploration activities depend on adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, ice roads, bridges, port and/or rail transportation, power sources, water supply and access to key consumables are important determinants for capital and operating costs. The lack of availability on acceptable terms or the delay in the availability of any one or more of these items could prevent or delay exploration, development or exploitation of the Company s projects. If adequate infrastructure is not available in a timely manner, the Company cannot assure that the exploitation or development of its projects will be commenced or completed on a timely basis, or at all, or that the resulting operations will achieve the anticipated production volume, or that the construction costs and operating costs associated with the exploitation and/or development of the Company s projects will not be higher than anticipated. In addition, extreme weather phenomena, sabotage, vandalism, government, non-governmental organization and community or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect the Company s operations and profitability. 
 
 Mining is inherently risky and subject to conditions and events beyond the Company s control. 
 The development and operation of a mine or mine property is inherently risky and involves many risks that even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome, including: 
 unusual or unexpected geological formations 
 metallurgical and other processing problems 
 shortages in materials or equipment and energy and electrical power supply interruptions or rationing; 
 failure of engineered structures 
 inaccurate mineral modeling 
 unanticipated changes in inventory levels at heap-leach operations; 
 metal losses 
 environmental hazards, including discharge of metals, concentrates, pollutants or hazardous chemicals 
 ground and water conditions; 
 power outages 
 remote locations and inadequate infrastructure 
 community relations problems 
 labor disruptions 
 the availability and retention of skilled personnel 
 29 

non-governmental organization or community activities 
 industrial accidents, including in connection with the operation of mining equipment, milling equipment and/or conveyor systems and accidents associated with the preparation and ignition of large-scale blasting operations, milling and processing 
 transportation incidents, including transportation of chemicals, explosions or other materials, transportation of large mining equipment and transportation of employees and business partners to and from sites 
 fall-of-ground accidents in underground operations; 
 failure of mining pit slopes and tailings dam walls; 
 periodic interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions 
 flooding, explosions, fire, rockbursts, cave-ins and landslides 
 seismic activity; 
 changes to legal and regulatory requirements; 
 security incidents, including activities of illegal or artisanal miners, gold bullion or concentrate theft, including in transport, and corruption and fraud; 
 mechanical equipment and facility performance problems 
 failure of unproven or evolving technologies or loss of information integrity or data; and 
 the availability of materials and equipment. 
 For example, in June 2022, T rkiye's Ministry of Environment, Urbanization and Climate Change Ministry of Environment temporarily suspended operations at the pler mine site as a result of a leak of leach solution containing a small amount of diluted cyanide on June 21, 2022. The leak occurred from a pipeline that pumps diluted cyanide solution to pler s heap leach pad. The Ministry of Environment ordered certain remediation and improvement initiatives to be undertaken. The Company completed these initiatives and received the required regulatory approvals from T rkiye's government authorities on September 22, 2022, at which time operations were restarted at the pler mine. The leak and our remediation efforts led to a decline in production of gold and related product revenue during the third quarter of 2022, which impacted our financial results. In addition, as a result of the suspended operations at the pler mine, we were also not in compliance with certain financial covenants under our Term Loan as of September 30, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we received a waiver for the non-compliance event from our lenders. See Note 18 to the to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We may also learn additional information about the leak at the pler mine that materially adversely affects us and may lead to liabilities, including, but not limited to, monetary damages or settlement costs or liabilities related to compliance with applicable laws. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 These risks could result in damage to, or destruction of, mineral properties, production facilities or other properties, environmental damage, delays in mining, increased cost of sales, asset write downs, monetary losses and possible legal liability or penalties, occupational illness or health issues, personal injury, and loss of life, and/or facility and workforce evacuation. The Company may not be able to obtain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums, or at all. The Company may suffer a material adverse effect on its business if it incurs losses related to any significant events that are not covered by the Company s insurance policies. 
 30 

Additionally, the Company s operations, particularly those operations located outside of North America, are exposed to various levels of safety and security risks which could result in injury or death, damage to property, work stoppages, product theft, or blockades of the Company s mining operations and projects. Risks and uncertainties vary from region to region and include, but are not limited to, terrorism, hostage taking, local drug gang and/or other gang activities, military and/or governmental repression, labor unrest and war or civil unrest. Local opposition to mine development projects could arise and such opposition may be violent. If the Company were to experience resistance or unrest in connection with its mines or projects, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations and profitability. Additionally, to the extent that such risks and uncertainties are directed towards local populations, the Company may not be able to retain sufficient labor forces to maintain the Company s operations. 
 
 Mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate in order to maintain operations. 
 Greater scrutiny on multi-national companies to contribute to sustainable outcomes in the places where they operate, has led to a proliferation of standards, reporting initiatives and expectations focused on environmental stewardship, social performance, community engagement and transparency. Extractive industries, and mining in particular, have seen significant increases in stakeholder expectations and attention. These businesses are increasingly required to meaningfully engage with impacted stakeholders; to understand, avoid or mitigate negative impacts while optimizing economic development and employment opportunities associated with their operations. The expectation is for companies to recognize the impact their operations can have on the communities in which they operate and develop strategies and identify targets to address the actual or perceived impact to create shared value for shareholders, employees, governments, local communities and host countries. Such expectations tend to be particularly focused on companies whose activities are perceived to have high environmental impacts, like mining companies. In response, the Company has developed and continues to evolve a robust system of ESG management that includes standards, guidance, assurance, and participation in international organizations focused on sustainability and improved performance and outcomes for host communities and the environment. Despite the Company s commitment to on-going engagement with communities and stakeholders, no assurances can be provided that increased stakeholder expectations will not result in interest from activists who seek a more rapid or more significant response to the environmental risks and opportunities faced by the Company or adverse financial and operational impacts to the business, including, without limitation, operational disruption, increased costs, increased investment obligations and increased taxes and royalties payable to governments. In connection with the leak at our pler mine site, we experienced negative response from members of the local community through demonstrations at our facilities, social media communications and media reporting. Additionally, activists responded strongly against the Company through social media and other campaigns following the reports of the incident. Although our remediation of the incident was comprehensive and we do not believe that the incident resulted in any lasting environmental impacts to the region, and we have addressed these facts with the communities around our pler mine site, the nature of the incident has impacted our reputation in the local community and the wider region. We will continue our engagement efforts with the affected communities, but there is no assurance that we will be able to reverse the negative perceptions associated with the incident at the pler mine site. As a result of this incident, the associated media coverage and the reputational impacts, we may face challenges in our recruitment efforts for the pler mine and cooperation of the communities and local and national governments in connection with our plans for growth and development. 

Indigenous peoples title claims and rights to consultation and accommodation may affect the Company s existing operations as well as development projects and future acquisitions. 
 Some of the Company s properties may be subject to the rights or the asserted rights of various community stakeholders, including indigenous peoples. The presence of community stakeholders may impact the Company s ability to develop or operate its mining properties and projects or to conduct exploration activities. Accordingly, the Company is subject to the risk that one or more groups may oppose the continued operation, further development, or new development or exploration of the Company s current or future mining properties and projects. Such opposition may be directed through legal or administrative proceedings, or through protests or other campaigns against the Company s activities. In addition, if historical artifacts or archaeological sites are discovered on or near the Company s properties, the Company may be prohibited or restricted from developing or mining its mineral properties or be required to relocate or preserve such findings. 
 Governments in many jurisdictions, including in some parts of T rkiye, Canada, the United States, Argentina, Mexico and Peru, must consult with, or may require the Company to consult with, indigenous peoples with respect to grants of mineral rights and the issuance or amendment of project authorizations and permits, pursuant to various international and national laws, codes, resolutions, conventions and guidelines, such as the International Labour Organization Convention 169. Consultation and other rights of indigenous peoples may require accommodation including undertakings regarding employment, royalty payments and other matters. This may affect the Company s 
 31 

ability to acquire effective mineral titles, permits or licenses in these jurisdictions within a reasonable time, and may affect the timetable and costs of development and operation of the Company s mineral properties in these jurisdictions. In addition, the risk of unforeseen title claims by indigenous peoples could affect existing operations and development projects. These legal requirements may also affect the Company s ability to expand or transfer existing operations or to develop new projects. 

Civil disobedience in certain of the countries where the Company s mineral properties are located could adversely affect its business. 
 Acts of civil disobedience are common in certain of the countries where the Company s properties are located. In recent years, many mining companies have been the targets of actions to restrict their legally granted access to mining concessions or property. The evolving expectations related to human rights, indigenous rights, and environmental protections may result in opposition to our current and future operations, the development of new projects and mines, and exploration activities. Such opposition may take the form of legal or administrative proceedings or manifestations such as protests, roadblocks or other forms of public expression against our activities, any of which may have a negative impact on our local or global reputation and operations. Such acts of civil disobedience often occur with no warning and can result in significant direct and indirect costs and delays in operations. Opposition by community and activist groups to our operations may require modification of, or preclude the operation or development of, our projects and mines or may require us to enter into agreements with such groups or local governments, which may cause increased costs and significant delays to the advancement of our projects. While the Company has not faced such acts of civil disobedience to date, there can be no assurance that the Company will not face such disruptions to site access in the future. 
 
 The Company and the mining industry face geotechnical challenges, which could adversely impact our production and profitability. 
 As certain of our mines age, the Company may face geotechnical challenges faced by the mining industry as a whole, including mining deeper pits and more complex deposits, which generally leads to higher pit walls, more complex underground environments and increased exposure to geotechnical instability and hydrological impacts. As our operations mature, the open pits at our sites will necessarily become deeper and we may face certain geotechnical failures at some of our mines. Unanticipated adverse geotechnical and hydrological conditions may occur. Such conditions are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control, such as severe weather and considerable rainfall, which may lead to periodic floods, mudslides, wall instability and seismic activity, which may result in slippage of material. Such events may not be detected in advance. 
 In addition, SSR Mining has operational and closed tailings impoundments in a variety of climatic and topographic settings. The failure of tailings dam and storage facilities and other impoundments at our mining sites could cause severe, and in some cases catastrophic, property and environmental damage and loss of life. Geotechnical or tailings storage facility failures could result in limited or restricted access to mine sites, suspension of operations, government investigations, increased monitoring costs, remediation costs and other impacts, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Recognizing this risk, while SSR Mining continues to review its existing practices, there can be no assurance that these events will not occur in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Personnel 
 
 Certain of the Company s directors and/or officers also serve, or may serve, as directors of other companies involved in natural resource exploration and development, and consequently there exists the possibility for these directors and/or officers to be in a position of conflict. 
 Certain of the Company s directors and/or officers may have fiduciary and/or contractual obligations to other companies, including companies that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by the Company. Accordingly, such companies may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with the Company s business or acquisition strategy. As a result of such conflict, the Company may not be able to participate in certain transactions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position. Any decision made by any of these directors and/or officers involving SSR Mining is required to be made in accordance with their duties and obligations to deal fairly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of SSR Mining and its shareholders. 
 
 The Company could be subject to potential labor unrest or other labor disturbances. 
 Production at pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna is dependent upon the efforts of the Company s employees and the Company s relations with them. Relations with the Company s employees may be affected by changes in the 
 32 

scheme of labor relations that may be introduced by the relevant governmental authorities in those jurisdictions in which the Company carries on business. Changes in such legislation or in the relationship with the Company s employees may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we could experience labor disputes, work stops or other disruptions in production due to union activities or other employee actions. A failure to successfully enter into new contracts or resolve any complaints could result in future labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production. Any labor unrest or other labor disturbances could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 
 The Company is dependent on its ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 
 The Company competes with other mining companies to attract and retain key executives and skilled and experienced employees. The Company is dependent on the services of its key executives and other skilled and experienced personnel to focus on advancing its corporate objectives as well as the identification of new opportunities for growth and funding. Due to the size of the Company s organization, the loss of any of these persons, or the Company s inability to attract and retain suitable replacements for them or additional highly skilled employees and contractors required for the operation of the Company s corporate offices, pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna and the Company s other activities may have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. 
 
 The Company relies on contractors to conduct a significant portion of its operations and construction projects. 
 A significant portion of the Company's operations and construction projects in T rkiye and Argentina are currently conducted in part by contractors. As a result, these operations are subject to a number of risks, some of which are outside of the Company's control, including: 
 Negotiating agreements with contractors on acceptable terms; 
 New legislation limiting or altering the ability to utilize contractors or outsourced resources; 
 The inability to replace a contractor and its operating equipment in the event that either party terminates the agreement; 
 Reduced control over those aspects of operations which are the responsibility of the contractor; 
 Failure of a contractor to perform under its agreement; 
 Interruption of operations or increased costs in the event that a contractor ceases its business due to insolvency or other unforeseen events; 
 Failure of a contractor to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, to the extent it is responsible for such compliance; 
 Problems of a contractor with managing its workforce, labor unrest or other employment issues; and 
 Liability to third parties as a result of the actions of our contractors. 
 In addition, law and regulations relating to the use of contractors may vary in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and changes in legal and regulatory restrictions may also impact our ability to utilize contractors and outsourcing services. The occurrence of one or more of these risks could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Risks Related to Governmental Regulation and Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is subject to significant governmental regulations. 
 The Company's operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations governing worker health and safety across our operating regions and failure to comply with applicable legal requirements can result in substantial penalties, civil sanctions and, in some cases, criminal sanctions, including the suspension or revocation of permits. Future changes in applicable laws, regulations, permits and approvals or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could substantially increase costs to achieve compliance, lead to the revocation of existing or future exploration or mining rights or otherwise have an adverse impact on the Company's results of operations and financial position. Matters which may be regulated by federal, state, provincial, territorial and local laws and regulations include: 
 33 

environmental protection; 
 the management and use of toxic substances and explosives 
 the management of natural resources 
 the exploration of mineral properties 
 exports 
 insurance restrictions 
 import restrictions 
 exchange controls 
 capital controls 
 price controls 
 taxation and mining royalties 
 labor standards and occupational health and safety, including mine safety 
 employee profit-sharing arrangements 
 anti-corruption and anti-bribery statutes and 
 historical, archaeological and cultural preservation. 
 U.S. surface and underground mines are continuously inspected by the U.S. Department of Labor Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ), which inspections often lead to notices of violation under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 . Our U.S. mine could be subject to a temporary or extended shutdown as a result of a violation alleged by MSHA. The Company s mining operations outside of the U.S. are similarly subject to inspection and regulation under applicable jurisdictional laws and regulations. If inspections result in an alleged violation, the Company may be subject to fines, penalties or sanctions and its mining operations could be subject to temporary or extended closures. In addition to potential government restrictions and regulatory fines, penalties or sanctions, the Company's ability to operate and thus, its results of operations and financial position, could be adversely affected by accidents, injuries, fatalities or events detrimental (or perceived to be detrimental) to the health and safety of our employees, the environment or the communities in which the Company operates. 
 In addition to existing regulatory requirements, legislation and regulations may be adopted, regulatory procedures modified, or permit limits reduced at any time, any of which could result in additional exposure to liability, operating expense, capital expenditures or restrictions and delays in the mining, production or development of our properties. Mining accidents and fatalities or toxic waste releases, whether or not at our mines or related to metals mining, may increase the likelihood of additional regulation or changes in law or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. In addition, enforcement or regulatory tools and methods available to regulatory bodies such as MSHA, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), and their equivalent agencies in other jurisdictions in which the Company has operations, which have not been or have infrequently been used against us or the mining industry to date, may in the future be used more extensively or more consistently. 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in civil or criminal fines or penalties or enforcement actions, including orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of additional equipment or remedial actions, or the imposition of additional local or foreign parties as joint venture partners, any of which could result in significant expenditures. The Company may also be required to compensate private parties suffering loss or damage by reason of a breach of such laws, regulations or permitting requirements. Future laws and regulations, or more stringent enforcement of current laws and regulations by governmental authorities, cannot be accurately predicted and it is possible that these could cause the Company to incur additional expense, divert management time and attention from revenue generating activities or restrict or delay the exploration and development of the Company s properties. 
 34 

The Company requires permits to conduct its operations, and delays in obtaining or failing to obtain such permits, or a failure to comply with the terms of any such permits that the Company has obtained, would adversely affect the Company s business. 
 The Company s operations, including continued production at pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna, and further exploration, development and commencement of production on the Company s other mineral properties, require licenses, permits and other approvals from various governmental authorities, including land and water usage permits. Obtaining or renewing governmental permits is a complex and time-consuming process. The duration and success of efforts to obtain and renew permits are contingent upon many variables not within the Company s control. 
 The Company's ability to obtain the required permits and approvals to explore for, develop and operate mines and to successfully operate near communities in the jurisdictions in which we operate depends in part on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a manner that is consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities, which may or may not be required by law. Our ability to obtain permits and approvals and to operate near certain communities may be adversely impacted by real or perceived detrimental events associated with our activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment, health and safety of communities in which we operate. Further, certain communities may challenge, or seek to challenge, permits and approvals granted to the Company, including, but not limited to, environmental impact assessments and other operating permits, which may result in temporary or permanent suspension of such permits and approvals or the cessation of Company operations. Any delay or suspension of the Company's operations as a result of such challenges, whether such challenges have merit, may adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Previously obtained permits and approvals may be suspended or revoked for many reasons, including through government or court action, or may be adjusted in a manner that adversely affects our operations, including our ability to explore or develop properties, commence production or continue operations. There can be no assurance that all permits, licenses and approvals that are required for the operations of the Company, including any for construction of mining facilities or conduct of mining, will be obtainable or renewable on reasonable terms, or at all. Delays or a failure to obtain such required permits, or the expiry, revocation or failure by the Company to comply with the terms of any such permits that it has obtained, would adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 The Company s activities are subject to environmental laws and regulations that may increase the Company s costs and restrict its operations. 
 The Company s activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment, natural resources and human health. These laws address, among other things, emissions into the air and air quality, discharges into water and water quality, management of waste, management and disposal of solid and hazardous substances, protection of natural resources, fisheries and wildlife protection, antiquities, endangered species, noise and use and reclamation of lands disturbed by mining operations. The Company is required to obtain governmental permits and, in some instances, provide bonding requirements under federal, state or provincial air quality, water quality, and mine reclamation rules and permits. Although the Company makes provisions for reclamation costs, it cannot be assured that these provisions will be adequate to discharge the Company s future obligations for these costs. Violations of environmental laws may be subject to civil sanctions and, in some cases, criminal sanctions, including the suspension or revocation of permits. While responsible environmental, health and safety stewardship is one of the Company s core values, there can be no assurance that the Company has been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits, or that the costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and permits will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our U.S. operations are subject to the Clean Water Act (the "CWA"), which requires permits for certain discharges into waters of the United States. Such permitting has been a frequent subject of litigation and enforcement activity by environmental advocacy groups and the EPA, respectively, which has resulted in declines in such permits or extensive delays in receiving them, as well as the imposition of penalties for permit violations. In 2015, the regulatory definition of waters of the United States that are protected by the CWA was expanded by the EPA, thereby imposing significant additional restrictions on waterway discharges and land uses. However, in 2018, implementation of the relevant rule was suspended for two years, and in December 2019 a revised definition that narrows the 2015 version was implemented. Even with the narrowed rule, it is possible that in the future the definition could again be expanded, or states could take action to address a perceived fall-off in protection under the CWA, either of which could increase litigation involving water discharge permits, which may result in delays in, or in some instances preclude, the commencement or continuation of development or production operations. 
 35 

Enforcement actions by the EPA or other federal or state agencies could also result. Adverse outcomes in lawsuits challenging permits or failure to comply with applicable regulations or permits could result in the suspension, denial, or revocation of required permits, or the imposition of penalties, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Some of the mining wastes from our U.S. operations currently are exempt to a limited extent from the extensive set of EPA regulations governing hazardous waste under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ). If the EPA were to repeal this exemption, and designate these mining wastes as hazardous under RCRA, we would be required to expend additional amounts on the handling of such wastes and to make significant expenditures to construct hazardous waste storage or disposal facilities. In addition, if any of these wastes or other substances we release or cause to be released into the environment cause or has caused contamination in or damage to the environment at a U.S. mining facility, that facility could be designated as a Superfund site under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ). Under CERCLA, any present owner or operator of a Superfund site or the owner or operator at the time of contamination may be held jointly and severally liable regardless of fault and may be forced to undertake extensive remedial cleanup action or to pay for the cleanup efforts. The owner or operator also may be liable to federal, state and tribal governmental entities for the cost of damages to natural resources, which could be substantial. 
 Under certain environmental laws, the Company could be held jointly and severally liable for removal or remediation of any hazardous substance contamination at its current, former and future properties, at nearby properties, or at other third-party sites where the Company s wastes may have migrated or been disposed. The Company could also be held liable for damages to natural resources resulting from hazardous substance contamination. Additionally, environmental laws in some of the countries in which the Company operates require that the Company periodically perform environmental impact studies at the Company s mines. The Company cannot provide assurance that these studies will not reveal environmental impacts that would require the Company to make significant capital outlays or cause material changes or delays in its intended activities, any of which could adversely affect the Company s business. 
 The failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations or liabilities related to hazardous substance contamination could result in project development delays, material financial impacts or other material impacts to the Company s projects and activities, fines, penalties, lawsuits by the government or private parties, or material capital expenditures. Environmental legislation in many countries is evolving and the trend has been towards stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects, and increasing responsibility for companies and their officers, directors and employees. Future changes in these laws or regulations could have a significant adverse impact on some portion of the Company s business, causing the Company to re- evaluate those activities at that time. 
 In addition to evolving and expanding environmental regulations providing governmental authorities with the means to make claims against us, private parties have in the past and may in the future bring claims against us based upon damage to property and injury to persons resulting from the environmental, health and safety impacts of prior and current operations (including for exposure to or contamination by lead). Laws in the United States such as CERCLA and similar state laws may expose us to joint and several liability or claims for contribution made by the government (state or federal) or private parties. Moreover, exposure to these liabilities arises not only from our existing but also from closed operations, operations sold to third parties, or operations in which we had a leasehold, joint venture, or other interest. Because liability under CERCLA is often alleged on a joint and several basis against any property owner or operator or arranger for the transport of hazardous waste, our exposure to environmental claims may be greater because of the bankruptcy or dissolution of other mining companies which may have engaged in more significant activities at a mining site than we but which are no longer available for governmental agencies or other claimants to make claims against or obtain judgments from. Similarly, there is also the potential for claims against us based on agreements entered into by certain affiliates and predecessor companies relating to the transfer of businesses or properties, which contained indemnification provisions relating to environmental matters. 
 
 Compliance with emerging climate change regulations could result in significant costs and climate change may present physical risks to a mining company s operations. 
 GHGs are emitted directly by the Company s operations, as well as by external utilities from which it purchases power. Currently, a number of international and national measures to address or limit GHG emissions, including the Kyoto Protocol, the Copenhagen Accord, Durban Platform and the Paris Agreement, are in various phases of discussion or implementation in the countries in which the Company operates. These, or future, measures could require the Company to reduce its direct GHG emissions or energy use or to incur significant costs for GHG emissions permits or taxes or have these costs or taxes passed on by electricity utilities which supply the Company s 
 36 

operations. The Company could also incur significant costs associated with capital equipment, GHG monitoring and reporting and other obligations to comply with applicable requirements. Additionally, concerns about potential GHG emissions impacts could manifest themselves in shareholder proposals, preferred purchasing, delays or failures in obtaining or retaining regulatory approvals, lack of market acceptance, continued pressure for and adoption of more stringent regulatory intervention and litigation, including governmental entities and other plaintiffs bringing claims against us for purported damages caused by the alleged effects of climate change. These risks could result in unexpected costs, increase our operating expenses, reduce the demand for our products and result in reputational harm to the Company, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company s operations could be exposed to a number of physical risks from climate change, such as changes in rainfall rates, rising sea levels, reduced water availability, higher temperatures, increased snowpack and extreme weather events. Events or conditions such as flooding or inadequate water supplies could disrupt mining and transport operations, mineral processing and rehabilitation efforts, could create resource shortages and could damage the Company s property or equipment and increase health and safety risks on site. Such events or conditions could have other adverse effects on the Company s workforce and on the communities around the Company s mines, such as an increased risk of food insecurity, water scarcity and prevalence of disease. In addition, if the effects of extreme weather events cause prolonged disruption to the delivery, or increased prices, of essential commodities or capital items, particularly over the seasonal ice road at Seabee, the Company s production efficiency may be reduced. Although the Company makes efforts to mitigate these risks by ensuring that extreme weather conditions are included in emergency response plans at mine sites as required, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be effective and that these risks will not have an adverse effect on the Company s operations. 
 Further, climate change litigation has grown in frequency, as scientists, agencies, and the general public increasingly associate catastrophic environmental events with changing climate. In recent years, litigants have utilized common law theories and existing environmental statutes to try to hold companies liable for the effects of climate change. While much of the climate change litigation to date has focused on allegations that companies have or are contributing to GHG emissions, businesses have also been targeted based on a theory of failing to prepare for the effects of climate change. Additionally, increasing scrutiny of public climate change disclosures made by companies has prompted recent government investigations and enforcement actions. The Company may become subject to climate change-related lawsuits in the future. Regardless of whether future litigants are successful in such claims, such lawsuits may require significant time and attention by the Company s management, result in significant defense costs and expense or possible penalties and may materially adversely affect the Company s business and/or its ability to continue all or certain of its mining, exploration and development activities. 
 
 The Company may be required by human rights laws to take actions that delay the Company s operations or the advancement of its projects. 
 Various international and national laws, codes, resolutions, conventions, guidelines and other materials relate to human rights (including rights with respect to health and safety and the environment surrounding the Company s operations). Many of these materials impose obligations on government and companies to respect human rights. Some mandate that governments consult with communities surrounding the Company s projects regarding government actions that may affect local stakeholders, including actions to approve or grant mining rights or permits. The obligations of government and private parties under the various international and national materials pertaining to human rights continue to evolve and be defined. One or more groups of people may oppose the Company s current and future operations or further development or new development of its projects or operations. Such opposition may be directed through legal or administrative proceedings or expressed in manifestations such as protests, roadblocks or other forms of public expression against the Company s activities, and may have a negative impact on its reputation. Opposition by such groups to the Company s operations may require modification of, or preclude the operation or development of, the Company s projects or may require it to enter into agreements with such groups or local governments with respect to its projects, in some cases causing considerable delays to the advancement of its projects. 
 
 The Company s mineral properties may be subject to uncertain title. 
 There can be no assurance that title to the Company's mineral properties will not be challenged. The Company owns, leases or has under option, unpatented and patented mining claims, mineral claims or concessions which constitute its property holdings. The ownership and validity, or title, of unpatented mining claims and concessions are often uncertain and may be contested. Further, the Company may not have, or may not be able to obtain or economically obtain, all necessary surface rights to develop a property. Title insurance is generally not available for mineral properties and the Company s ability to ensure that it has obtained a secure claim to individual mining properties or mining concessions may be severely constrained. The Company has not conducted surveys of all of the claims in 
 37 

which it holds direct or indirect interests. A successful claim contesting the Company s title to a property will cause the Company to lose the Company s rights to explore and, if warranted, develop that property or undertake or continue production thereon. This could result in the Company not being compensated for its prior expenditures relating to the property. 
 
 The Company is subject to claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
 The Company is subject to various claims and legal proceedings, including adverse rulings in current or future litigation against the Company and/or its directors or officers, covering a wide range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. Each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company. The Company carries liability insurance coverage and establishes reserves for matters that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. In addition, the Company may be involved in disputes with other parties in the future that may result in litigation, which may have a material adverse impact on the Company s future cash flows, profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the Company may be subject to frivolous and/or nuisance claims. While such claims are often dismissed, there can be no assurance that all such claims will be dismissed entirely, or that the Company will not be required to incur significant expenses defending such claims. 
 
 The Company is subject to assessment by taxation authorities in multiple jurisdictions that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to assessment by taxation authorities in various jurisdictions. Income tax provisions and income tax filing positions require estimates and interpretations of income tax rules and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates and judgments as to their interpretation and application to the Company s specific situation. Tax rates and the calculations of taxes and the associated deferred tax assets and liabilities can change significantly and are influenced by changes in political administrations, foreign currency fluctuations and other factors. The Company s business and operations, and that of its subsidiaries, is complex, and the Company has, historically, undertaken several significant financings, acquisitions and other material transactions. The computation of income taxes payable as a result of these transactions involves many complex factors as well as the Company s interpretation of, and compliance with, relevant tax legislation and regulations. While the Company s management believes that the provision for income tax is appropriate and in accordance with U.S. GAAP and applicable legislation and regulations, tax filing positions are subject to review and adjustment by taxation authorities, which may challenge the Company s interpretation of the applicable tax legislation and regulations. 
 
 The Company is subject to anti-corruption laws. 
 The Company is subject to anti-corruption laws under the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , which generally prohibit companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition, the Company may also be subject to the extra-territorial provisions of the Bribery Act 2010 (United Kingdom) which, in certain circumstances, can apply to offenses committed outside of the United Kingdom by foreign companies, as well as other anti-corruption laws applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in T rkiye, Argentina, Peru, Mexico or any other jurisdiction in which the Company may conduct business, and the Company cannot provide assurance that its employees or other agents will not engage in such prohibited conduct for which the Company might be held responsible. If the Company s employees or other agents, including past employees or agents of companies the Company has acquired, are found to have engaged in such practices, the Company could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company has an Anti-Corruption Policy and internal controls and procedures intended to address compliance and business integrity issues, and the Company trains its employees on anti-bribery compliance on a global basis. However, despite careful establishment and implementation, the Company cannot assure you that these or other anti-bribery, anti-fraud or anti-corruption policies and procedures are or will be sufficient to protect against fraudulent and/or corrupt activity. In particular, the Company, in spite of its best efforts, may not always be able to prevent or detect corrupt or unethical practices by current or former employees or third parties, such as subcontractors or joint venture partners, which may result in reputational damage, civil and/or criminal liability (under the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act , the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or any other relevant compliance, anti-bribery, anti-fraud or anti-corruption laws) being imposed on the Company. 

38 

Risks Related to Ownership of Company Equity 
 
 The Company s common shares are publicly traded and are subject to various factors that have historically made the Company s common share price volatile. 
 The market price of the Company s common shares has experienced, and may continue to experience, significant volatility, which may result in losses to investors. The market price of the Company s common shares may increase or decrease in response to a number of events and factors, including: the Company s operating performance and the performance of competitors and other similar companies volatility in metal prices the public s reaction to the Company s press releases on developments at the Company s properties, material change reports, other public announcements and the Company s filings with the various securities regulatory authorities changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by research analysts who track the Company s common shares or the shares of other companies in the resource sector changes in general economic and/or political conditions the number of common shares to be publicly traded after an offering of the Company s common shares the arrival or departure of key personnel and acquisitions, strategic alliances or joint ventures involving the Company or the Company s competitors. 
 In addition, the global stock markets and prices for mining company shares have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. These market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of the Company s common shares, regardless of the Company s operating performance. The variables which are not directly related to the Company s success and are, therefore, not within the Company s control, include other developments that affect the market for mining company shares, the breadth of the public market for the Company s common shares and the attractiveness of alternative investments. The effect of these and other factors on the market price of the Company s common shares on the exchanges on which they trade has historically made the Company s common share price volatile and suggests that the Company s common share price will continue to be volatile in the future. 
 
 Holders of our common shares may not receive dividends. 
 Holders of our common shares are entitled to receive only such dividends as the Company's Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. On February 17, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved its inaugural quarterly dividend payment of 0.05 per common share that was paid on March 31, 2021 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 5, 2021. The quarterly dividend payment was subsequently increased to 0.07 per common share as approved by the Company's Board of Directors on February 22, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared and paid cash dividends of 0.28 per common share in the aggregate amount of 58.8 million. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be made based on the Company s financial position and other factors relevant at the time. The Company's ability to pay dividends will be subject to future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, compliance with covenants and financial ratios related to existing or future indebtedness and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. An annualized dividend payout level has not been declared by the Board of Directors, and the declaration and payment of future dividends, including future quarterly dividends, remains at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Company's dividend framework is non-binding, and the Board of Directors may modify the dividend framework or reduce, defer or eliminate the common stock dividend in the future. 
 
 Future sales or issuances of equity securities could decrease the value of the Company s common shares, dilute investors voting power and reduce the Company s earnings per share. 
 The Company may sell additional equity securities in subsequent offerings (including through the sale of securities convertible into equity securities) and may issue equity securities in acquisitions. The Company cannot predict the size of future issuances of equity securities or the size and terms of future issuances of debt instruments or other securities convertible into equity securities or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of the Company s securities will have on the market price of the Company s common shares. 
 Additional issuances of the Company s securities may involve the issuance of a significant number of common shares at prices less than the current market price for the common shares. Issuances of substantial numbers of common shares, or the perception that such issuances could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of the Company s common shares. Any transaction involving the issuance of previously authorized but unissued common shares, or securities convertible into common shares, would result in dilution, possibly substantial, to security holders. The Company is not able at this time to predict the future amount of such issuances or dilution. 
 
 39 

Furthermore, sales of substantial amounts of the Company s securities by the Company or the Company s existing shareholders, or the availability of such securities for sale, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for the Company s securities and dilute investors earnings per share. 
 
 Risks Related to Being a Public Company 
 
 The Company may fail to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the requirements of applicable regulations. 
 No evaluation can provide complete assurance that the Company s internal control over financial reporting will prevent, detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company to disclose material information required to be reported. The effectiveness of the Company s controls and procedures could also be limited by simple errors or faulty judgments. In addition, as the Company continues to expand, the challenges involved in implementing appropriate internal control over financial reporting will increase and will require that the Company continue to improve its internal control over financial reporting. Although the Company intends to devote substantial time and incur substantial costs, as necessary, to ensure ongoing compliance, the Company cannot be certain that it will be successful in complying with internal control regulations. 
 
 The Company's accounting and other estimates may be imprecise. 
 Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and related disclosure of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reporting periods. The more significant areas requiring the use of management assumptions and estimates relate to: 
 Mineral reserves, mineral resources, and other resources that are the basis for future income and cash flow estimates and units-of-production depreciation, depletion and amortization calculations; 
 future ore grades, throughput and recoveries; 
 future metals prices; 
 future capital and operating costs; 
 environmental, reclamation and closure obligations; 
 permitting and other regulatory considerations; 
 asset impairments; 
 valuation of business combinations or asset acquisitions; 
 future foreign exchange rates, inflation rates and applicable tax rates; 
 reserves for contingencies and litigation; and 
 deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 
 Future estimates and actual results may differ materially from these estimates as a result of using different assumptions or conditions. For additional information, see Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the risk factors set forth in this section. 
 It may be difficult to obtain and enforce judgments against the Company because of its Canadian incorporation and foreign assets. 
 The Company is a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia. Some of the Company's officers, directors, and experts are Canadian or non-U.S. residents, and many of its assets are located outside the United States. Investors should not assume that Canadian or other foreign courts would enforce judgments of United States courts, or liabilities, obtained in actions against the Company or its directors, officers or experts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the United States federal securities laws or the securities or blue sky laws of any state or jurisdiction of the United States. In addition, while statutory provisions exist in British Columbia for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, the circumstances in which a derivative action may be 
 40 

brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect of any such action, may be different than those of shareholders of a company incorporated in the United States. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 41 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The following descriptions summarize selected information about the Company s four producing assets: pler Gold Mine, Marigold Mine, Seabee Gold Operation and Puna Operations, each of which is an operating segment. All of the Company s properties are wholly owned except for pler, which is 80 owned by the Company. 
 The disclosure in this Item 2. Properties of a scientific or technical nature for each asset is based on the pler District Master Plan 2021 Technical Report Summary (the CDMP21TRS ), the Marigold 2021 Technical Report Summary, the Seabee 2021 Technical Report Summary and the Puna 2021 Technical Report Summary (collectively, the Technical Report Summaries ), in each case as amended. Each amended Technical Report Summary has been filed with the SEC as part of the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein has been filed with the applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada as a technical report in compliance with National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI 43-101 ), and is available for review on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. You should read each such Technical Report Summary as part of your review of the information in this Item 2. Properties. 
 Additional Mining Company Financial Information 
 The Company is listed on Nasdaq and the TSX and is subject to the ongoing disclosure and reporting requirements, including those required of a mineral resource company, in both the United States and Canada. The mineral resource company disclosure requirements in each country are different. As a result, certain additional disclosures have been included in this Item 2. Properties to comply with requirements under Canada s National Instrument 51-102 Continuous Disclosure Obligations ("NI 52-101") and 43-101. Certain of these additional disclosures include financial measures that are customary in the mining industry, including capital costs and operating costs, which have been calculated in a manner that is not in accordance with U.S. GAAP. There are no standardized definitions or comparable financial measures under U.S. GAAP for these mining industry non-GAAP financial measures. As a result, we have not identified a comparable financial measure calculated under U.S. GAAP and we have also not provided a reconciliation of these mining industry non-GAAP financial measures to a U.S. GAAP financial measure. We believe investors rely on these mining industry non-GAAP financial measures to assist in an evaluation and comparison of the operating performance of mining companies. These disclosures are intended to provide additional information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These mining industry non-GAAP financial measures should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Summary Disclosure 
 Producing Assets 
 The following descriptions summarize selected information about the Company s exploration properties and four producing assets: pler Gold Mine, Marigold Mine, Seabee Gold Operation and Puna Operations. All of the Company s properties are wholly owned except for pler, which is 80 owned by SSR,through a joint venture agreement. 
 pler is an open pit gold mine located along the Tethyan belt in east-central T rkiye s Erzincan Province. pler contains oxide and sulfide ores which are mined concurrently and processed through its two separate processing circuits. Gold contained in oxide ore is recovered through heap leach processing to produce gold dor with a minor by-product of copper concentrate, while gold sulfide mineralization is subjected to pressure oxidation and carbon-in-leach processing, to produce gold dor . Further information on pler is included herein under the pler Gold Mine, Erzincan Province, T rkiye section and detailed disclosure of a scientific or technical nature regarding pler is available in the CDMP21TRS. 
 Marigold is an open pit gold mine located along the northern margin of the Battle Mountain-Eureka Trend in Nevada, USA. Marigold is a run-of-mine heap leach operation producing gold dor bars. Further information on Marigold is included herein under the Marigold Mine, Nevada, United States section and detailed disclosure of a scientific or technical nature regarding Marigold is available in the Marigold 2021 Technical Report Summary. 
 42 

Seabee is an underground gold mine located along the Trans-Hudson Corridor in east-central Saskatchewan, Canada. Seabee processes ore using gravity concentration, cyanide leaching and carbon-in-pulp to produce gold dor . Further information on Seabee is included herein under the Seabee Gold Operation, Saskatchewan, Canada section and detailed disclosure of a scientific or technical nature regarding Seabee is available in the Seabee 2021 Technical Report Summary. 
 Puna is an open pit silver-lead-zinc mine located along the silver belt in northern Argentina in the Province of Jujuy. Puna processes ore mined from the Chinchillas mine through its Pirquitas flotation processing mill to produce a silver-lead and a zinc concentrate. Further information on Puna is included herein under the Puna Operations, Jujuy Province, Argentina section and detailed disclosure of a scientific or technical nature regarding Puna is available in the Puna 2021 Technical Report Summary. 
 Exploration and Development 
 Amisk, Canada Exploration 
 The Amisk property is 39,880 hectares (and 126 claims) with extensive Proterozoic-volcano-sedimentary rock assemblages that are prospective for gold-silver epithermal, gold-rich volcanogenic massive sulfide and orogenic gold deposits. The Amisk property is located in Saskatchewan, Canada. 
 In the Amisk property the West Channel and Black Diamond trends occur along regional-scale ductile shear zones that range from 5 to 50 meters in orthogonal width. Intermediate volcanic and volcaniclastic rocks core much of these trends with lesser meta-volcanic, meta-sedimentary and gabbro packages occurring in proximity to the high-strain corridors. Alteration assemblages of sericite, iron-carbonate and silicification dominate the regional shear zones. Localized chlorite and diaspore occurrences are diagnostic and associated with auriferous quartz veins at the Monarch target area. Arsenopyrite is the most common sulfide mineral associated with this vein-hosted gold mineralization. Pyrite, chalcopyrite and pyrrhotite are also present, but generally to a lesser degree. Based on visual observations, Sulfide content related to gold mineralization can range from 1 -15 , with most zones hosting 3-5 total sulfide. Coarse visible gold is relatively uncommon on the property and is presently identified at the Raine-Walker, TCA and Black Diamond targets to-date. 
 In 2022, 13 diamond drillholes totaling 2,526 meters were completed at targets along the West Channel shear zone. A small field program was completed in the summer that included geological mapping and rock and soil sampling. 
 San Luis, Peru Exploration 
 The San Luis project is a wholly owned high-grade gold-silver project located in the Ancash Department of central Peru. The project is held by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Reliant Ventures S.A.C. 
 In September 2012, Peru s Ministry of Mines and Energy approved the EIA for the mining operation of the Ayel n deposit. Based on the preliminary and early works the Company conducted in respect of the project in 2017, the EIA now has no expiry date. 
 The San Luis project includes several vein systems across an area of land whose surface rights are held by two local communities: Ecash and Cochabamba. 
 While community relations efforts with both the Cochabamba and the Ecash Communities continues, exploration activities included geological mapping and prospecting. Fieldwork resulted in the discovery of six new gold and silver-bearing quartz veins within 1.5 km of the Ayelen vein system. Additional work is planned for 2023 to define the extent and continuity of mineralization. 
 43 

44 

pler Gold Mine, Erzincan Province, T rkiye 
 pler consists of a number of mining licenses covering mineral resources on the pler, akmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension, and Bayramdere deposits, mineral reserves on the pler, akmaktepe Extension and akmaktepe deposits, oxide and sulfide processing facilities, and supporting infrastructure. The pler deposit, including the mineral resources and mineral reserves, is wholly owned by Anagold Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Anagold ). SSR Mining controls 80 of the shares of Anagold through a joint venture, Lidya Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret A. . Lidya controls 18.5 , and a bank wholly owned by al k Holdings A. . holds the remaining 1.5 . akmaktepe is wholly owned by Kartaltepe Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Kartaltepe ). Kartaltepe is 80 owned by SSR Mining and 20 owned by Lidya after the completion of a 2022 acquisition of an additional 30 ownership interest in the Kartaltepe from partner Lidya, increasing SSR Mining s ownership interest from 50 to 80 . The akmaktepe Extension deposit spans both Kartaltepe and Anagold ground. The Kartaltepe license includes akmaktepe Extension, akmaktepe, Bayramdere and the Mavialtin Porphyry Belt. SSR Mining is the Operator of both Anagold and Kartaltepe. All of the processing facilities and operating assets are located on land owned by Anagold. In total 80 of the exclusive Mineral Resources and 80 of the Mineral Reserves at pler project are owned by SSR Mining. 
 The total cost of pler s gross mineral properties, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2022 was 3,161.8 million. 
 Property Description and Location 
 pler is located in east central T rkiye, 120 kilometers west of the city of Erzincan, in Erzincan Province, 550 kilometers east of T rkiye s capital city, Ankara. The nearest urban center, li , is located approximately 6 kilometers northeast of the pler mine. pler uses the European 1950 ("E1950") datum coordinate system, which is a Turkish Government requirement. The pler deposit is in UTM6 zone 37N of the E1950 coordinate system. pler's project centroid is situated at approximately 459,975 mE and 4,364,420 mN and has an approximate elevation of 1,160 m above mean sea level ("mamsl"). 
 pler mine is accessed from the main paved highway between Erzincan and Kemaliye and is serviced by both road and rail networks.. Mining operations are conducted year-round. 
 The pler mining operations fall within the license areas numbered 847, 49729, and 20067313, which have been granted by the General Directorate of Mining and Petroleum Affairs within Turkiye. The akmaktepe satellite mining operation is located 6 km east of the current pler pit. akmaktepe pits are located within Kartaltepe License 1054. Ore mined at akmaktepe is hauled and treated at the Anagold pler facilities. 
 45 

46 

Anagold holds the exclusive right to engage in mining activities within the pler project area. Anagold holds six granted licenses covering a combined area of approximately 16,600 hectares. Kartaltepe holds eight licenses covering approximately 9,200 hectares. The total near-mine tenement package is approximately 25,800 hectares. 
 47 

Kartaltepe sells Anagold ore from akmaktepe at an agreed rate. SSR Mining holds a 2 net smelter return NSR on the Kartaltepe licenses, receivable after repayment of a historical royalty pre-payment. 
 Under Turkish Mining Law, the royalty rate for precious metals is variable and tied to metal prices. The pler project is subject to a mineral production royalty that is based on a sliding scale to gold price and is payable to the Turkish government. In September 2020 a presidential decree was issued, increasing the prescribed royalty rates by 25 . Royalty rates are reduced by 40 for ore processed in country, as an incentive to process ore locally. As the pler project produces its gold dor on-site, the pler project is eligible for a 40 reduction to the royalty rate. 
 History 
 The pler region has been subject to gold and silver mining dating back to Roman times. The Turkish Geological Survey carried out regional exploration work in the early-1960s that was predominately confined to geological mapping. 
 In 1998, Anatolia Minerals Development Ltd Anatolia identified several porphyry-style gold copper prospects in east central T rkiye and applied for exploration licenses for these prospects, including in the pler basin. In August 2009, a joint venture agreement between Anatolia and Lidya was executed. 
 In February 2011, Anatolia merged with Avoca Resources Limited, an Australian company, to become Alacer Gold Corp., which further merged with SSR Mining in September 2020. 
 Geological Setting, Mineralization, and Deposit Types 
 pler is located near the northern margin of a complex collision zone that lies between the Pontide Belt / North Anatolian Fault, the Arabian Plate, and the East Anatolian Fault, which bounds several major plates. The gold, silver, and copper mineralization of economic interest at pler occurs in a porphyry-related epithermal environment, with most of the gold mineralization concentrated in three zones: Main Zone, Manganese Zone, and Marble Zone, with mineralization present in five different forms: 
 Stockwork and veins with disseminated marcasite, pyrite, and arsenopyrite 
 Clay-altered brecciated and carbonatized diorite with rhodochrosite veinlets, and disseminated marcasite, pyrite, realgar, orpiment, sphalerite, and galena 
 Massive marcasite and pyrite replacement bodies 
 Massive jarositic gossan 
 Massive manganese oxide 
 Oxidation of this mineralization has resulted in the formation of gossans, massive manganese oxide, and goethitic / jarositic assemblages hosting fine-grained free gold. The oxidized cap is underlain by primary and secondary sulfide mineralization. 
 The Manganese Zone (pit) is about 650 m wide in the north-south direction and about 650 m in the east-west direction. The surface was predominantly covered with marble. A major component of the mineralization is associated with the contact between the diorite and the marble. Disseminated mineralization also occurs outside the contact zones. Mineralization ranges from the surface to 400m deep. 
 The Marble Zone (pit) is in the southeastern portion of the system and associated with a northeast striking fault contact between marble on the east and hornfels (metasediments) and intrusives on the west. The width is almost 350 m and the strike length is about 300 m east-north-east. Depth of the mineralization ranges from the surface to about 160 m. 
 The Main Zone (pit) drilling identified a mineralization extending about 750 m north-south and 1,000 m east west. Oxide zone is confined to near surface to depths of about 40 m. Main Pit is the largest area of exposure in the west and south of the pler mine and exposes dominantly diorite-granodiorite porphyry in 
 48 

the southern wall in contact with Hornfels Block. High grade gold is controlled by both faults and contacts. Supergene enrichment enhanced along syn- and post-mineral structures plays an important role in localizing high-grade gold mineralization at lithological contacts, late-stage faults and shear zones, and fault/contact intersections. 
 The West Pit exposes a high-grade gossan/fanglomerates at the basal contact of Munzur Limestone with hornfels. The contact is locally well preserved and shows a ~10 m thick zone of broken rock cataclastites at the base of limestone on a wide zone of highly sheared hornfelds with folded foliations. Some Gossans would be supergene of polymetallic replacement deposits. Gossans are confined to limestone and hornfels and enriched/formed as a result of karstic process in the area. 
 Mining Operations 
 Open pit mining at pler is carried out by a mining contractor and managed by Anagold. The mining method is a conventional open pit method with drill and blast, utilizing excavators and trucks operating on bench heights of 5 meters. The mining contractor provides operators, line supervisors, equipment, and ancillary facilities required for the mining operation. Anagold provides management, technical, mine planning, engineering, and grade control functions for the operation. 
 The facility infrastructure supports the mine, oxide heap leach and sulfide plant processing facilities. The current leach pad consists of four phases designed to accommodate approximately 61 million tonnes of oxide ore heap with a nominal maximum heap height of 100 meters above the pad liner, with additional phases in development. 
 The tailings storage facility is developed and constructed in stages with ongoing work to ensure sufficient long-term capacity for storage of tailings. Studies by Anagold have determined that the effect of the addition of the flotation plant to the sulfide plant circuit will result in an increase in the solids content and improvement in the final settled density based on an increase in the rate of tailings consolidation. The flotation plant is in operation. 
 Infrastructure, Permitting and Compliance Activities 
 The power supply for the pler mine and processing facilities is provided via a 154 kV transmission line to site. Existing mine site facilities are located primarily within the pler and Sab rl Creek watersheds immediately upstream of their confluence with the Karasu River. 
 Operation of the pler mining and processing facilities, and mining at akmaktepe, have been investigated and authorized by means of a series of Environmental Impact Assessments ("EIAs"). 
 The currently permitted EIA boundary incorporates 1,747 hectares. The currently permitted akmaktepe EIA boundary incorporates 360 hectares, and the Company is in the process of submitting an EIA to increase the permitted boundary to 553 hectares. 
 Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing 
 Oxide Testwork 
 The heap leaching facilities were commissioned at the pler mine site in late-2010 and have operated continuously since that time. Oxide heap leach operations were ongoing at the CDMP21TRS effective date. 
 Metallurgical testwork on akmaktepe oxide material for heap leaching has been undertaken at the on-site metallurgical laboratory, initially under the supervision of Kappes, Cassiday Associates. The initial testwork in 2015 undertook bottle roll and column leach tests. The results are comparable with the pler oxide ore, with similar behavior and leach kinetics. Subsequently, akmaktepe oxide ore has been heap leached along with pler oxide ore. Oxide column testwork on oxide ore continues at the on-site laboratory. 
 Metallurgical testwork on akmaktepe Extension oxide material for heap leaching has been undertaken at McClelland laboratories and supervised by Metallurgium. An initial testwork program, including bottle roll and column leach, was carried out in 2019. This initial program identified two distinct domains 
 49 

with respect to gold recovery based on sulfur content: 

The incorporation of a flotation circuit into the existing sulfide plant to upgrade sulfide sulfur to fully utilize grinding and pressure oxidation POX autoclave capacity was constructed and commenced ore production at the end of December 2021. This addition to the sulfide plant is incorporated between grinding and acidulation by taking a bleed / slip stream from the grinding thickener feed, floating sulfides, and returning the sulfide concentrate to the grinding thickener to be combined with direct autoclave feed. Gold in the flotation tails (not recovered to the flotation concentrate) is combined with the material that was processed through the POX autoclave circuit, this combined stream then goes to the gold leaching and recovery circuits to recover gold. 
 Since completing ramp-up of the sulfide plant in June 2020, POX throughput has progressively improved to exceed design up to a monthly average peak of 330 tonnes per hour and at the maximum sulfide sulfur of 13.7 tonnes per hour. The gold recovery has remained at around 91 with the tailings grade ranging between about 0.25 0.30 grams of gold per tonne. 
 Resource and Reserve Estimates 
 The following tables summarize the Company's estimated gold reserves and resources reflecting only the reserves and resources attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, see Proven and Probable Reserve Estimates by Mineral in this Item 2 for further information on the mineral resources and mineral reserves for pler, and see "Operating Statistics" in this Item 2 for further information on production of the pler operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. A discussion of the changes in mineral resources and mineral reserves from 2021 to 2022 is also included below. 
 51 

pler Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Metallurgical Gold (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 7,166 2.56 590 40,524 2.03 2,648 47,690 2.11 3,238 84 pler Stockpile 10,605 2.18 745 10,605 2.18 745 91 Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Metallurgical Silver (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery pler (OP) 7,166 4.11 947 40,524 4.48 5,834 47,690 4.42 6,781 9 Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Metallurgical Copper (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) Recovery pler (OP) (5)(6) 
 7,166 0.2 40,524 0.01 6.7 47,690 0.01 6.9 2 
 (1) pler Mineral Reserves includes reserves from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe and akmaktepe Extension. 
 (2) Mineral Reserves shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Owns 80 rights in both the Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. Cakmaktepe, Bayramdere and part of akmaktepe Extension fall within Kartaltepe license. 
 (3) Mineral Reserve cut-offs are based on 1,350/oz gold price. The average oxide recoveries are 61 and average sulfide recoveries are 91 . The weighted average gold recovery is 84 . All cut-off values include allowance for royalty payable. There are no credits for silver or copper in the cut-off calculations. Oxide cutoff grades vary between 0.44-0.80g/t gold and sulphide cutoff grades vary between 1.05-1.11g/t gold. 
 (4) There are no sulfide Mineral Reserves at akmaktepe and Bayramdere . 
 (5) There is no copper recovery in sulphide material. 
 (6) Copper oxide recoveries are 2 . 
 52 

pler Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Gold (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
 2,598 1.94 162 68,368 1.04 2,284 70,966 1.07 2,446 82,394 1.17 3,097 Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Silver (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) pler (OP) (8) 
 2,598 4.32 361 68,368 3.37 7,402 70,966 3.40 7,763 82,394 9.57 25,339 Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Copper (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) pler (OP) (9) 
 2,598 0.03 1.5 68,368 0.15 222.8 70,966 0.14 224.3 82,394 0.13 228.4 
 (1) pler Mineral Resources include resources from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension and Bayramdere. Mineral Resources are exclusive of Mineral Reserves. 
 (2) Mineral Resources shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Owns 80 rights in both the Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. 
 (3) All Mineral Resources for pler were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual pit shells 1,400/oz gold and 19.00/oz silver for Bayramdere). 
 (4) Oxide definitions: At pler: oxide is defined as material 0.10 ). There is no sulfide material at akmaktepe or Bayramdere. 
 (6) Mineral Resources are reported at the variable gold cut-off grades based on different metallurgical parameters: oxide cut-off grades are 0.19-0.76 g/t gold, sulfide cut-off uses an NSR value in /t based on gold price of 1,750/oz, silver price of 22.00/oz, and copper price of 3.95/lb with allowances for payability, deductions, transport, and royalties. 
 (7) pler oxide recoveries vary between 38.0-78.4 and sulphide recoveries vary between 55-98 . 
 (8) Average silver recoveries are 16 . 
 (9) Copper oxide recoveries are 2 and sulphide recoveries are 65 . 
 
 Factors contributing to the differences in Mineral Reserves and Resources between EOY 2021 and EOY 2022 include: (i) mining depletion; and (ii) increase in SSR ownership in the Kartaltepe license to 80 . Additional ounces were realized from akmaktepe Extension and Cakmaktepe deposit that were part of the Kartaltepe licenses. The Qualified Persons are of the opinion that there are no material changes to the Mineral Resources and Reserves described herein as compared to the information presented the CDMP21TRS. 
 Exploration 
 The principal exploration technique at the pler project has been reverse circulation and diamond core drilling, conducted in several campaigns starting in 2000. Initially, exploration was directed at evaluating the economic potential of the near-surface oxide mineralization for the recovery of gold by either heap leaching or conventional milling techniques. 
 53 

Exploration in pler, after the discovery of several porphyry centers, delineated the ore body in four adjacent zones from east to west: Manganese, Marble, Main, and West. 
 Since 2000, the Company s exploration program within the pler district has identified several new gold-dominant and copper gold prospects. The gold-dominant regional prospects include the pler Saddle and Elmadere. Copper gold prospects include Aslantepe, Sar dere, F nd kl dere and Mavidere porphyries located within the Mavialt n Porphyry Belt and the early exploration stage Me eburnu porphyry located west of the pler deposit. 
 Drilling 
 Drilling at the pler deposit commenced in 2000, and since that time a total of 2,731 holes have been drilled for 389,003 meters. A total of 96 diamond core holes have been completed in 2022 (15,441 meters). Step-out drilling at the pler deposit has defined most of the lateral boundaries of the mineralization. There has been additional development drilling and condemnation drilling of areas planned for infrastructure during the last few years. 
 Drilling at akmaktepe commenced in 2012 and has defined three distinct mineralized zones: East, Central, and North. As production proceeded within the akmaktepe Central and East pits, additional targets were generated to provide push-back options around the pit design. A total of 136 diamond core holes have been completed since 2019 to test for continuation of the akmaktepe deposit to the north and the east. 
 Since the initial discovery of mineralization at akmaktepe Extension, Anagold has undertaken several drilling programs to refine the geological model and increase resource inventories. Anagold has completed 659 diamond core holes for 136,436meters at akmaktepe Extension from late-2017 through December, 2022, including holes for metallurgical testing and hydrogeological studies. During 2022, 128 diamond core holes for 25,432 meters were completed at akmaktepe Extension, mainly for resource-reserve definition purposes. 
 Drilling at Bayramdere commenced in 2007 as part of the near-mine exploration strategy. Since that time 120 holes have been drilled at Bayramdere for a total of 10,734 meters. 
 Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification 
 Exploration samples are submitted to ALS Global laboratories, an ISO/IEC 17025:2005 certified and accredited laboratory in Izmir, T rkiye, for sample preparation and analysis. Bureau Veritas (Acme) laboratory in Ankara, T rkiye is used for umpire check sample analysis. Gold is analyzed by fire assay with an AAS finish. Multi-element analyses are determined by four acid digestion and ICP-AES and MS finish. For gold assays greater than or equal to 10 g/t, the fire assay process is repeated with a gravimetric finish for coarse gold. The drill and geochemical samples are collected in accordance with accepted industry standards. SSR Mining conducts routine QA/QC analysis on all assay results, including the systematic utilization of certified reference materials, blanks, field duplicates, and umpire laboratory check assays. 
 SSR Mining operates an onsite laboratory at pler primarily for assay of production samples for grade control purposes. The onsite laboratory is certified to ISO 17025:2017 but is not independent. 
 Routine checks of all data are undertaken prior to incorporation to the database. Campaign-based independent data verification audits are conducted at milestone stages throughout data collection programs. For drillhole data, verification includes checking Topcon differential global positioning system ("DGPS") collar coordinates relative to topographic surveys, down hole surveys relative to adjacent readings and planned dip and azimuth of the hole, logged data entries to ensure they are consistent with log key sheets, cross-checking a subset of assay data with the original laboratory reports, and submission and review of QA/QC data. 
 The QA/QC program has historically consisted of a combination of QA/QC sample types that are designed to monitor different aspects of the sample preparation and assaying process. None of the verification programs have identified material issues with the supporting data. 
 54 

Capital and Operating Costs 
 The capital and operating cost estimates derived for pler are based on a combination of the data set forth in the CDMP21TRS and budgetary estimates that reflect SSR Mining s estimates as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, capital costs are estimated to be 449.3 million for the life of pler (life of mine or "LOM") and are primarily composed of mine and plant equipment, tailings storage expansions and asset componentization. Estimated operating costs for mine operations include both cash and non-cash costs. 
 Cost 
 Total LOM M) 
 5-Year Average per year /t) 
 LOM Average per year /t) 
 Mining 
 718 15.86 9.91 Process 
 2,097 25.96 28.93 Site Support and G A 
 360 5.72 4.97 Operating Costs 
 3,175 47.54 43.81 
 Capital costs and operating costs are provided for mineral property disclosure purposes in accordance with NI 51-102 and are, generally, non-GAAP mining company financial measures. See Additional Mining Company Financial Information in this Item 2 for more information. 
 Costs in individual years may vary significantly as a result of, among other things, current or future nonrecurring expenditures, and changes to input costs and exchange rates. Please refer to the CDMP21TRS for other key metrics including detailed cash flows by year and net present value computations. 
 pler Expansion, Initial Assessment Case 
 The pler Expansion project (CE) has been developed to leverage off the copper mineralization within and adjacent to existing resource pits. Supporting the 2021 pler Mineral Resource estimate an Initial Assessment has been prepared to analyze the impact of changes in processing method for the pler Mineral Resource. The current project has two processing methods: a sulfide process plant and a heap leach oxide processing facility. 
 The sulfide plant includes the crushing, grinding, flotation and pressure oxidation to produce gold and small amounts of silver. The heap leach facility produces gold and small amounts of silver and copper. 
 The scenario for the Initial Assessment Case analysis includes additional processing units to recover additional gold from the sulfide Mineral Resource. The two processing units are: 
 A Concentrator producing a concentrate for sale and a pyrite concentrate to feed to the sulfide plant 
 A Sodium Hydrosulfide (NaSH) copper recovery circuit to be installed in the current sulfide plant which will produce a copper concentrate for sale. 
 The concentrator with a capacity of 1.8 Mtpa and would make concentrate for sale to smelters and a pyrite concentrate to be fed into the autoclaves in the sulfide plant. The pyrite concentrate would have a high gold content and provide sulfur as a source of fuel for the autoclaves. 
 The pler Mineral Resource has been selected for the Initial Assessment analysis, as the other Mineral Resources at the project do not have significant amounts of copper. 
 Implementation of the additional recovery options will require capital expenditures and will also provide opportunities for operational cost and productivity improvements. The pler Initial Assessment Case shows the results of a shorter term analysis using the Reserve Case metal prices and the impact of the estimated capital and potential cost savings from economies of scale and reallocation of shared and fixed costs. 
 55 

For both the Initial Assessment economic analysis, the akmaktepe Extension and Cakmaktepe Mineral Reserve has been included in the cash flow analysis without change from the Reserve Case. This is to allow the analysis to quantify the impact of the concentrator and NaSH circuit and demonstrate the potential of the additional Mineral Resources. 
 A separate analysis of the Initial Assessment Case was prepared using only Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources (MI Case). Comparison of the initial years of the Initial Assessment and the MI Case showed only 1.4 of the material processed in the first nine years of the Initial Assessment is Inferred Mineral Resource. The majority of the Inferred material is processed in years 10 to 20 and does not exceed 50 of the total processing in any one year. 
 The Initial Assessment has been prepared to demonstrate economic potential of the Mineral Resources at the pler Deposit. The Initial Assessment is preliminary in nature, it includes Inferred Mineral Resources that are considered too speculative geologically to have modifying factors applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as Mineral Reserves, and there is no certainty that this economic assessment will be realized. 
 Marigold Mine, Nevada, United States 
 Marigold Mine is an open pit mining and processing operation located in Nevada, United States. SSR Mining holds a 100 interest in Marigold through its wholly owned subsidiary, Marigold Mining Company. 
 The total cost of Marigold s gross mineral properties, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2022 was 566.0 million. 
 Property Description and Location 
 Marigold is located in southeastern Humboldt County, in the northern foothills of the Battle Mountain Range, Nevada, U.S. The mine is situated approximately 5 kilometers south southwest of the town of Valmy, Nevada. Other nearby municipalities include Winnemucca and Battle Mountain, Nevada, which lie approximately 58 kilometers to the northwest and 24 kilometers to the southeast of the property, respectively. Activities at the property are centered at approximately 40 45 north latitude and 117 8 west longitude. 
 56 

The surface and mineral rights held by the Company at Marigold are comprised of fee owned real property, unpatented mining claims, and leasehold rights held with respect to unpatented mining claims, mill site claims and certain surface lands. Certain of the leases require the Company to make NSR royalty payments to the lessors and comply with other obligations, including completing work commitments or paying taxes levied on the underlying properties. The NSR royalty payments are based on the specific gold-extraction areas and are payable when the corresponding gold ounces are extracted, produced, and sold. The NSR royalty payments vary between 0 and 10.0 of the value of gold production, net of off site refining costs, which equates to an annual average ranging from 3.7 to 10.0 and a weighted average of 7.8 over the life of mine. Mineral claims in Nevada are managed federally by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management. 
 The authorized Plan of Operations PoO area for Marigold currently encompasses approximately 10,703 hectares, with approximately 3,296 hectares within the PoO permitted for mining related disturbance. Land and mineral ownership within the PoO are within the corridor initially governed by the Pacific Railroad Act of 1862, and, as such, these areas generally have a checkerboard ownership pattern. 
 New Millennium, enabled by land acquisitions completed in 2016, 2018 and 2019, represents a low cost, high probability development opportunity. The New Millennium target area is comprised of six distinct zones which include East Basalt, Battle Cry, Antler, Section 6, L il Gun and North Antler. In addition, 
 57 

exploration on the 100 controlled 8,900-hectare land package to the south of Marigold continues at the past producing Buffalo Valley, North Peak, and Trenton Canyon mines. 
 History 
 The first recorded gold production from the property occurred in 1938 when the Marigold Mining Company developed and operated an underground mine which came to be known as Marigold. Approximately 9,000 tonnes of ore, averaging about 6.85 grams of gold per tonne, was processed before World War II halted production. Several unsuccessful attempts were made to open and operate the mine before exploration activities began again in 1968. The property was further explored and developed by various companies and operations from 1968, with two million ounces of gold recovered from Marigold by mid-2009. 
 The Company acquired Marigold in April 2014 for total cash consideration of 268 million. In August 2015, Marigold mine acquired 2,844 hectares of adjacent land from Newmont Corporation. This land included previously mined areas known as the Mud pit, NW pit, and the Valmy pits. Marigold has now been in continuous operation for more than 30 years and poured the four millionth ounce in 2020. 
 Geological Setting, Mineralization, and Deposit Types 
 Marigold is located in north central Nevada within the Basin and Range physiographic province bounded by Sierra Nevada to the west and the Colorado Plateau to the east. The western part of the North American continent has undergone a complex history of extensional and compressional tectonics from the Proterozoic through to the Quaternary. Predominantly Paleozoic rifting and basin subsidence led to the formation of thick (hundreds of meters) passive margin sedimentary sequences and repeated inter plate collisions caused accretion of arc related volcanics and ocean floor rocks, which were pushed together with the basin sediments to form fold and thrust belts. Subsequent extension related to subduction and back arc basin rifting resulted in the development of Basin and Range topography. Crustal thinning caused by the extension allowed the rise of magma close to the surface, which produced extensive and voluminous magmatism from the middle Eocene to late Miocene. Crustal extension with bimodal (mafic and felsic) volcanism occurred in the region from the late Miocene to the present day. 
 The property is in the Battle Mountain mining district on the northern end of the Battle Mountain-Eureka trend, a conspicuous lineament of sedimentary-hosted gold deposits. The Battle Mountain district hosts numerous mineral occurrences, including porphyry copper gold, porphyry copper molybdenum, skarn, placer gold, distal disseminated silver-gold, and Carlin-type gold systems. Gold at Marigold is currently mined from multiple deposits located on a >10-kilometer by 1.5-kilometer area. Depth of the mineralization ranges from the surface to about 250m for the oxide ore. The majority of individual mineralization zones at Marigold have coalesced into the Mackay pit. 
 The gold deposits at Marigold cumulatively define a north trending alignment of gold mineralized rock more than 8 kilometers long. A silver and base metal mineralizing event at Marigold includes a mineral association of chalcopyrite, argentiferous tennantite, galena, and sphalerite. Gold mineralizing fluids were primarily controlled by fault structure and lithology, with tertiary influence by fold geometry. The deposition of gold was restricted to fault zones and quartzite chert dominant horizons within the Valmy Formation and high permeability units within the Antler sequence. Gold mineralization was also influenced by fold geometry in the Valmy Formation. 
 Rocks within the Marigold mine area are oxidized to a maximum depth of approximately 450 meters. The redox boundary is not consistent throughout the Property and is substantially influenced by lithology. Shale, argillite, and siltstone units are frequently oxidized adjacent to pervasively oxidized quartzite horizons. Gold occurs natively in fractures in association with iron oxide. 
 Mining Operations 
 Marigold uses open pit mining methods at a life of mine sustained mining rate of approximately 250,000 tonnes per day. The mine conducts conventional drilling and blasting activities with a free face trim row blast to ensure stable wall rock conditions. Mining occurs on 15.2-meter benches. Loading operations are currently performed using one electric shovel and three hydraulic shovels. Waste and ore haulage is performed with a fleet of 300 tonne class haul trucks. 
 58 

The Marigold geotechnical management plan includes highwall monitoring using three radar systems which provide full coverage for the Mackay pit, the mine s largest, and which can be deployed in smaller pits, if required. Routine monitoring of waste dumps, leach pads and inactive pits using INSAR data is performed by a third party monthly. 
 Infrastructure, Permitting and Compliance Activities 
 The infrastructure facilities at Marigold include ancillary buildings, offices and support buildings, access roads into the plant site, power distribution, source of fresh water and water distribution, fuel supply, storage and distribution, waste management and communications. Equipment maintenance is performed on site for all equipment. There are no contract mining operations on site. 
 The power supply for Marigold is provided by NV Energy Inc. via a 120 kV transmission line to site. Water for Marigold is supplied from three existing groundwater wells located near the access road to the Property. Marigold owns groundwater rights and collectively allows up to 3.134 million m 3 liters of water consumption annually. Water is primarily consumed by retention in the heap leach pad, evaporation, processing operations and dust suppression. 
 Marigold holds valid permits for all facets of the current mining operation as required by county, state, and federal regulations. The Company performs duties on leased lands pursuant to all federal and state requirements to maintain leases in good standing. The Company engages in concurrent reclamation practices and is bonded for all permitted features, as part of the Nevada permitting process. 
 Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing 
 Marigold uses an assay method that measures cyanide-soluble gold. This technique generates a value that represents the head grade of the ore in terms of the amount of gold in a finely ground sample that can be dissolved by a strong sodium cyanide solution. The gold content of the final solution is measured using atomic absorption ("AA"). 
 All Marigold blasthole samples are assayed for cyanide-soluble gold. Samples from each ore polygon delineated by ore control are selected for fire assay based on the grade distribution for the polygon tonnage and targeting one sample per every 2,000 short tons of ore. Therefore, some samples have two assay values: an AuCN (cyanide soluble) value; and an AuFA (fire assayed) value. The ratio of AuCN:AuFA provides the theoretical maximum gold recovery that can be achieved. 
 Testwork has demonstrated that, generally, all ore at Marigold behaves similarly. The ratio of AuCN / AuFA is an important characteristic. A best fit linear regression from approximately 155,000 pairs of fire assays (field AUFA in the database) and cyanide soluble assays (field AUAA in the database shows the AuCN / AuFA ratio is 0.8037:1 (~80 cyanide soluble gold), based on the most recent assessment in 2017. 
 Processing and Recovery Operations 
 Marigold processing plant and processing facilities combine run-of-mine ROM heap leaching, carbon adsorption, carbon desorption and electro-winning circuits to produce a final precious metal (dor product. All processing of ore, which is oxide in nature, is completed via ROM heap leaching. ROM ore is delivered to the leach pad by haulage truck and stacked in 6.1-meter to 12.2-meter lifts. At any given time, approximately 0.5 million square meters of pad area is being leached. 
 Barren leach solution (cyanide-bearing solution, very low in gold grade) is applied selectively to different areas of the heap leach pad. The barren leach solution is pumped to the leach pad and the pregnant solution (gold-bearing) from the leach pad is then recovered through a carbon in-column system, followed by stripping of metal values from carbon, electrowinning and smelting to yield a dor (containing gold and silver) suitable for sale. 
 From March 1990 through December 2021, gold recovery from the heap leach pad was 70.5 . The LOM actual leach pad recovery is 74.5 (including in process gold inventory through December 2021). 
 59 

Resource and Reserve Estimates 
 The following tables present the mineral reserves and mineral resources information for Marigold. Additionally, see Proven and Probable Reserve Estimates by Mineral in this Item 2 for further information on the mineral resources and mineral reserves for Marigold for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and see "Operating Statistics" in this Item 2 for further information on production of the Marigold operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. A discussion of the changes in mineral resources and mineral reserves from 2021 to 2022 is also included below. 
 Marigold Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Metallurgical Gold (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery Marigold (OP) (1) 
 185,703 0.48 2,842 185,703 0.48 2,842 75 Marigold (leach pad inventory) 314 314 74 
 (1) Marigold Mineral Reserves are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.065 g/t payable gold (gold assay factored for metallurgical recovery, royalty, and net proceeds). No mining dilution is applied to the grade of the Mineral Reserves. Dilution is intrinsic to the Mineral Reserves estimate and is considered sufficient to represent the mining selectivity considered. 
 Marigold Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Gold (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Marigold (OP) (1)(2) 
 115,294 0.43 1,611 115,294 0.43 1,611 21,680 0.36 249 
 (1) Marigold Mineral Resource estimate is based on an optimised pit shell at a cut off grade of 0.065 g/t payable gold (gold assay factored for recovery, royalty, and net proceeds). Mineral Resources are exclusive of Mineral Reserves. 
 (2) Marigold metallurgical recoveries varies with gold grade and on average recoveries are 67 . 
 
 Differences between the 2021 and 2022 Mineral Reserves for Marigold are due to 2022 mine depletion and leach pad inventory changes. 
 Differences between the 2021 and 2022 Mineral Resources for Marigold are due to 2022 mine depletion. 
 The Qualified Persons are of the opinion that there are no material changes to the Mineral Resources and Reserves described herein as compared to the information presented in the Marigold 2021 Technical Report Summary. 
 Exploration 
 After the purchase of Marigold was completed in 2014, SSR Mining completed a gravity survey in areas that had not been previously covered, with a main objective to delineate possible fluid conduits or feeder structures for the Marigold mineralization. After finalizing the purchase of the Valmy property in 2015, the Company expanded the geophysical gravity survey to include this new ground. 
 60 

An additional geophysical magnetic survey was conducted at the end of 2022 covering portions of the Trenton Canyon, Buffalo Valley and southern Marigold areas. This survey will be completed in 2023. 
 Drilling 
 The Company has conducted drilling and sampling throughout the Marigold property. 200 reverse circulation holes were completed for a total of 55,624 meters drilled in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 9,424 drillholes for 1,960,011 meters of drilling has been completed on the property.. 
 Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification 
 Since 2014, all exploration samples from Marigold and the Valmy property are analyzed at American Assay Laboratories AAL ), an ISO 17025 certified facility in Sparks, Nevada. AAL is independent from SSR Mining. All samples are subjected to first pass fire assay FA determination with an atomic absorption AA finish and FA with gravimetric finish for over limits. This is followed by a gold cyanide solution assay with an AA finish on samples that have FA values greater than or equal to 0.03 grams of gold per tonne. 
 Following the acquisition of Marigold and the adjacent Valmy property, the Company s exploration personnel manually checked the entire drillhole database against the original documents for data entry errors. Less than 1 of the drillholes had any issues, and these were subsequently corrected. As an additional check, SSR Mining acquired the chip trays for 687 drillholes, pulps from 57 drillholes, and sample rejects from 66 drillholes, of which 5 were reviewed for lithology and alteration. The original logging was deemed accurate and was used to construct the lithological models. 
 The collar positions of 43 Valmy drillholes were verified using differentially corrected GPS methods. The results showed a maximum variance of 4 m in the X/Y planes (easting and northing) and 

 Total LOM M) 5-Year Average per year /t) 
 LOM Average per year /t) 
 Mining 1,319 7.46 7.22 Processing 341 1.66 1.87 Site Support 195 0.95 1.07 Operating Costs 
 1,855 10.07 10.16 
 Capital costs and operating costs are provided for mineral property disclosure purposes in accordance with NI 51-102 and, generally, are non-GAAP mining company financial measures. See Additional Mining Company Financial Information in this Item 2 for more information. 
 Costs in individual years may vary significantly as a result of, among other things, current or future nonrecurring expenditures, and changes to input costs and exchange rates. Please refer to the Marigold 2021 Technical Report Summary for other key metrics including detailed cash flows by year and net present value computations. 
 Trenton Canyon and Buffalo Valley 
 The Trenton Canyon project is located approximately 4 km south of New Millennium at Marigold and is one of three historically producing mines on a 100 controlled 8,900-hectare parcel acquired from Newmont Corporation in 2019. The Buffalo Valley project is located approximately 10 km south west of New Millennium. 
 Exploration work on the Trenton Canyon and Buffalo Valley properties consists of drilling, geophysical surveying, remote sensing, geochemical surveying, and mapping. 
 Gold mineralization at Trenton Canyon is structurally controlled with significantly less disseminated mineralization than at Marigold. The net result of this change in mineralization style is higher gold grades in a smaller volume of mineralized rock at Trenton Canyon. 
 The Company completed 59 reverse circulation holes for 17,128 meters and 10 core drillholes for a total of 4,086 meters at Trenton Canyon during 2022. In total the Company has completed a total of 308 reverse circulation drillholes for 90,293 meters and 22 drillholes for 14,073 meters. 
 The Company initiated the drilling program at Buffalo valley in 2022 and completed 36 reverse circulation drillholes for a total of 14,426 meters and 7 core drillholes for 3,315 meters. 
 At North Peak, the Company completed 5 reverse circulation holes for 1,794 meters in 2022. 
 Seabee Gold Operation, Saskatchewan, Canada 
 The Seabee Gold Operation SGO is an underground gold mining and milling operation, located in Saskatchewan, Canada. SSR Mining holds a 100 interest in the property through its wholly owned subsidiary, SGO Mining Inc. 
 The total cost of SGO s gross mineral properties, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2022 was 544.7 million. 
 Property Description and Location 
 SGO is located at the north end of Laonil Lake, approximately 125 kilometers north-east of the town of La Ronge, Saskatchewan, Canada. Activities at the property are centered at approximately 55.7 north latitude and 103.5 west longitude. 
 62 

Ore is currently produced from the Santoy underground mine from a ramp access/surface portal and is hauled 14 kilometers to the mill located at the Seabee site. A second underground mine, also having ramp access, was operated from 1991 2018 at Seabee. All ore is processed at the Seabee mill facility, which is located close to the now-closed Seabee mine and has been in operation since 1991. The Seabee mill facility produces gold dor bars that are shipped to a third-party refinery. 
 
 The mine is a remote operation. SGO is accessible by fixed-wing aircraft from the town of LaRonge and during the winter months, typically January through the end of March, a 60 kilometers winter road is also built between the mine site and Brabant Lake, approximately 120 kilometers north of La Ronge. 
 SGO is comprised of seven mineral leases and 102 mineral claims that cover an area of approximately 62,158 hectares, including the Fisher Property rights. SGO is subject to production and NSR royalties payable to third parties, including certain royalty payments to the Province of Saskatchewan, which are calculated on 10 of net operating profits and are payable once capital and exploration costs are recovered. The other NSR royalty payments are based on specific gold production and/or sales and vary between 1.0 and 3.0 of the value of gold production and/or sales, as applicable. 
 SGO currently has a valid surface lease with the Province of Saskatchewan, which was amended in March 2010. This surface lease provides land surface rights necessary to carry out the mining, milling and associated operations at the SGO. The existing surface lease is in effect from March 2010 to its expiry date of May 31, 2040. 
 History 
 The Laonil Lake region has been intermittently explored since the 1940s, with the first gold discovery made by prospectors in 1947, with detailed drilling and exploration of the property constituting the SGO conducted from 1947 until construction of the Seabee mill was initiated in the summer of 1990. Mill 
 63 

construction was completed in late 1991, and mining commenced in December 1991. Exploration and production expanded into the Santoy segment of the property through the early 2000s. 
 The Company acquired the SGO on May 31, 2016. SGO has produced over 1.6 million ounces of gold since production began in 1991. In 2021 Seabee delivered 119 koz and 136 koz in 2022. 
 Geological Setting, Mineralization, and Deposit Types 
 Northern Saskatchewan forms part of the Churchill Province of the Canadian Shield and has been subdivided into a series of litho-structural crustal units, of which the SGO is located within the Glennie domain of the Proterozoic Trans-Hudson Orogen. The Glennie domain is wedge shaped and characterized by arcuate belts of Lower Proterozoic supracrustal rocks separated by granitoid gneisses and granitoid intrusions. It is bounded on the west by the north north-east trending Stanley shear zone and bounded on the east by the north south trending Tabbernor fault zone. To the south, Phanerozoic sedimentary rocks cover the Glennie domain. 
 Gold mineralization at the Santoy mine occurs in gold-sulfide-chlorite-quartz veins in the shear zones, near or in the granodiorite and granite sills. The gold mineralization throughout the SGO exhibits complex geometrical patterns attributed to a combination of structural and/or lithological controls. 
 Mining Operations 
 There is currently one operating mine as part of the SGO, the underground Santoy mine, with ore hauled to the surface and then 14 kilometers to the mill located near the old Seabee mine. 
 Access underground at the Santoy mine is provided from the surface via a main ramp with sublevels spaced between 17 20 meters vertically. Mining is carried out using sublevel open stoping mining methods with backfill, with stopes filled with a combination of rock fill and cemented rock fill, mined in a bottom-up mining sequence. Sill pillars are mined on retreat once the stopes below and above have been mined. 
 Infrastructure, Permitting and Compliance Activities 
 The major infrastructure at the SGO site includes roads, an airstrip, powerhouse and electrical distribution system, mill buildings and related services facilities, portal and ventilation raises, fuel storage, explosive storage, water supply and distribution, water management ponds and water treatment plant, tailings management facilities, administrative buildings and camp accommodation. 
 There are currently two tailings management facilities TMF that are being used by the mill; the East Lake TMF and the Triangle Lake TMF. Tailings deposition alternates between the two TMFs where winter deposition occurs in the Triangle Lake TMF and summer deposition is in the East Lake TMF. The remaining storage capacities of both facilities, based on the planned production rates, will potentially reach maximum capacity towards the end of 2030. To ensure that water treatment volumes are attained, a water treatment plant was constructed at East Lake TMF. 
 Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing 
 SGO was originally developed based on bench-scale metallurgical testwork that characterized the Seabee deposit as a lode gold style of mineralisation that was free milling and that would respond to a standard flow sheet employing gravity recovery and cyanidation. 
 Historical recovery at the Seabee mill was in the 94 96 range, with routine low levels of losses both in the tailings solids and solution. Future recovery estimates are 98 , based on the recent mill performance with recoveries of more than 98 . These improvements are attributed to the better condition of the leach equipment as well as the restored leach capacity. 
 
 64 

Processing and Recovery Operations 
 Material has been processed for 30 years in the mill constructed immediately adjacent to the old Seabee mine. The operation was initially developed and operated on diesel power and later connected to the Saskatchewan grid power in 1992. The initial capacity of the mill was 500 tonnes per day, which was later expanded to a nameplate capacity of 1,000 tonnes per day, with the addition of a third grinding mill in 2005. The mill flow sheet is a conventional crushing and grinding circuit employing gravity concentration and cyanide leaching and carbon-in-pulp for recovery and production of dor gold on site. 
 Capital projects have included the addition of the primary ball mill, addition of a second Knelson concentrator and Acacia gravity gold recovery. The current Seabee process plant capacity is nominally 1,320 tonnes per day, or 1,240 tonnes per day annual average. The Seabee operation is characterized by coarse gold making the gravity recovery circuit critical to the overall gold recovery of the process plant. In recent years, with incorporation of gravity circuit improvements including the Acacia circuit, gold recovery has improved and is typically 98 . 
 Resource and Reserve Estimates 
 The following tables present the mineral reserves and mineral resources information for SGO. Additionally, see Proven and Probable Reserve Estimates by Mineral in this Item 2 for further information on the mineral resources and mineral reserves for the SGO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and see "Operating Statistics" in this Item 2 for further information on production of the SGO operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. A discussion of the changes in mineral resources and mineral reserves from 2021 to 2022 is also included below. 
 Seabee Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Metallurgical Gold (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery Seabee (UG) (1)(2) 
 86 7.71 21 2,243 6.30 455 2,329 6.35 476 98 Seabee Stockpile 16 10.00 5 16 10.00 5 98 
 (1) Seabee Mineral Reserves are reported using 1,600/oz gold and a cut-off grade of 2.52 g/t gold. Processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 . 
 (2) Seabee Mineral Reserves includes Santoy 8, Santoy 9, and Gap Hangingwall ("GHW") lodes. 
 Seabee Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Gold (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Seabee (UG) (1) 
 84 11.97 32 781 11.44 287 865 11.49 319 2,754 6.05 536 
 (1) Seabee Mineral Resources are reported using 1,750/oz gold and a cut-off grade of 2.07 g/t gold. Mineral Resources are exclusive of Mineral Reserves. 
 
 Differences between the 2021 and 2022 Mineral Resources and Reserves are due to depletion at the Santoy mine. 
 The Qualified Persons are of the opinion that there are no material changes to the Mineral Resources and Reserves described herein as compared to the information presented in the Seabee 2021 Technical Report Summary. 
 65 

Exploration 
 Historically, several rock and soil sampling programs have been executed on the SGO property. Over 1,200 surface rock samples and nearly 7,000 soil samples were collected between 1985 and 1988, with a further nearly 2,000 surface rock samples and over 7,000 soil samples collected between 1990 and 2013. Early samples were largely collected around the Laonil Lake, Porky Lake and Pine Lake areas, but the focus of exploration later shifted to the Santoy area. 
 Upon its acquisition of the SGO, SSR Mining performed a review of all exploration activities conducted on the property by previous operators. In addition to the data review, the Company executed an exploration program that included detailed mapping of the Herb West and Santoy Lake areas, as well as the collection of accompanying soil samples to be submitted for gold assay. Limited anomalous occurrences were identified from grab and soil sample results, and no new showings or gold in soil trends were recognized. The Company plans to map additional regions to the north and east within the Herb Lake area as additional shear zones are targeted. The Company has also planned further exploration in prospective areas east and west of the Santoy Lake area. 
 The objective of ongoing exploration conducted by SSR is to delineate, increase, and upgrade Mineral Resources. Underground drilling since 2016 focused on the Santoy 8 and 9 veins and the Gap Hangingwall and Santoy Hangingwall veins. Since 2016, surface drilling has tested a number of early-stage targets near the SGO infrastructure, notably the past producing Porky West deposit and Shane targets. In total, exploration at the SGO has comprised of surficial geochemical sampling, airborne and ground geophysical surveys and extensive drilling. 
 At the SGO, the three-year budget calls for an average of 80 km of combined surface and underground drilling per year between 2023 and 2024. This drilling is for testing of targets to maximize Mineral Resource potential at the mine as SSR develops its long-term strategy for continuing to replenish its 3 5 year reserve inventory in the same way it has for more than 20 years, with particular focus on bringing higher grade zones on stream to displace lower tenor inventory that currently occurs in the schedule from 2024 onwards. 
 Drilling 
 In 2022, a total of 96 drillholes totaling 41,257 meters and 307 drillholes totaling 37,711 meters from underground were drilled. To date, drilling completed on the SGO property (by SSR and previous operators) includes 2,475 surface drillholes totaling 549,037 meters and 6,436 underground drillholes totaling 1,200,029 meters. 
 Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification 
 All drill samples in respect of the Seabee Gold Operation underground drilling program and some samples from the surface program were assayed by our onsite non-accredited assay laboratory, which is not independent from the Company. Surface drilling samples not analyzed by our onsite assay laboratory were analyzed at Saskatchewan Research Council SRC formerly TSL Laboratories Inc. TSL in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, which also serves as the QAQC laboratory for our onsite lab. Duplicate check assays were conducted at site as well as at SRC, which is independent from the Company. Mean results of the spot checks were consistent with those reported. Sampling interval was established by minimum or maximum sampling lengths and geological and/or structural criteria. 
 SGO site lab typically prepares two hundred-gram samples that were pulverized until greater than 80 percent passed through a 200-mesh screen. Thirty-gram pulp samples were then analyzed for gold by fire assay with gravimetric finish (0.01 g/t gold detection limit). SRC prepares a minus-200 mesh pulp (95 passing) weighing 250 grams from a minus 10 mesh coarse crush reject. Fire assay with Atomic Absorption finish was completed on a 30-gram aliquot to produce gold analytical results with a 0.003 g/t gold detection limit. Fire assay with gravimetric finish was prepared on those samples with greater than 3 g/t gold. 
 All regional exploration s drill and surface samples are analyzed at SRC in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. Duplicate check assays are conducted at SRC, which are independent from SSR Mining. Mean results of the spot checks were consistent with those reported. Sampling interval was established by minimum or maximum sampling lengths and geological or structural criteria. 
 66 

Capital and Operating Costs. 
 Capital costs are estimated to be 116.7 million and are primarily composed of mine and plant equipment and the associated asset componentization as of December 31, 2022. Estimated operating costs for mine operations include both cash and non-cash costs. 
 Cost Component 
 Total 
 (US M) 
 LOM Average /t Milled) Mining 
 103 45.61 Surface Haulage 
 13 5.65 Milling Fixed Plant) 
 80 35.26 General Admin 
 153 67.51 Total Operating Expense 
 349 154.03 
 Capital costs and operating costs are provided for mineral property disclosure purposes in accordance with NI 51-102 and are mining company financial measures. See Additional Mining Company Financial Information in this Item 2 for more information. 
 Costs in individual years may vary significantly as a result of, among other things, current or future nonrecurring expenditures, and changes to input costs and exchange rates. Please refer to the Seabee 2021 Technical Report Summary for other key metrics including detailed cash flows by year and net present value computations. 
 Fisher Property 
 The Company completed the acquisition of Taiga Gold Corp. on April 14 2022. The Company now owns 100 of the Fisher property. The Fisher property is contiguous to the SGO leases southeast of the Santoy mine. 
 Gold mineralization on the Fisher property is found in four major areas, and within 16 kilometers of the Santoy mine. Mineralization observed on the Fisher property to date is similar to that of Santoy, where disseminated to coarse gold-bearing sheeted quartz veins occur along major ductile shear zones. Like the SGO, the Fisher property is hosted within the Pine Lake greenstone belt, which is dominated by supracrustal rocks, including mafic volcanics, sediments, mafic intrusions and a range of felsic intrusions, of which some are directly associated with gold-bearing quartz veins. In 2022, the Company completed 17 diamond drill holes totaling 3,663 meters, including 10 holes at the Yin target and 7 holes at the George Lake target. A total of 54,780m have been drilled in the Fisher property. Summer fieldwork included geological mapping and rock and soil sampling along the George Lake trend. A high resolution UAV-supported aeromagnetic survey was also flown over the George Lake target area. 
 Puna Operations, Jujuy Province, Argentina 
 The Puna property Puna comprises the Chinchillas property and the Pirquitas property, both of which are located the Jujuy Province in far north Argentina. Puna is 100 owned by SSR Mining through its subsidiary Puna Operations Inc. 
 The total cost of Puna s gross mineral properties, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2021 was 387.7 million. 
 Property Description and Location 
 The Chinchillas property is located in the Puna region of northwestern Argentina, in the province of Jujuy, department of Rinconada, approximately 290 kilometers northwest of San Salvador de Jujuy, the capital of Jujuy Province. The property is centered at elevations ranging from 4,000 4,200 meters above sea level. The property is centered at approximately at 3,473,150E and 7,512,360N (using the Gauss Kruger coordinate system, Argentina, Posgar Zone 3; 22 30 13 south, 66 15 39 west) at elevations ranging from 4,000 4,200 masl. 
 67 

The Pirquitas Property is also located in the Rinconada Department in the Province of Jujuy, approximately 45 kilometers southwest of the Chinchillas Property and approximately 335 kilometers northwest of San Salvador de Jujuy. Activities at the Property are centered at elevations of between 4,000 4,450 meters above sea level. Activities at the property are centered at 22 42 south latitude and 66 30 west longitude. 
 
 The Chinchillas property is composed of three contiguous claims, totaling 2,043 hectares, and the Pirquitas operation includes surface rights covering an area of approximately 7,500 hectares, which is used for purposes such as housing, infrastructure facilities, processing facilities, proposed tailings facility and other facilities to support mining operations for Puna. Ore from the Chinchillas mine is transported to the Pirquitas plant for processing. The Chinchillas mine is located approximately 45 kilometers from the Pirquitas plant. 
 Concentrates produced at Puna are subject to a maximum 3 mouth of mine value royalty that is payable to the Province of Jujuy. This royalty payment is based on the net recoverable value of the contained metals less certain operating costs. 
 68 

History 
 Chinchillas was first prospected and mined in small scale in the eighteenth century by Jesuit missionaries. An initial mining concession was granted in 1956, with small scale production beginning after 1968 through 1982. Exploration and sampling were conducted on and off at Chinchillas between 1982 and the mid-2010s. Between the 1930s and 1995, the area of the Pirquitas mine had multiple small mining operations to recover silver and tin from placer and vein deposits, with comprehensive mineral exploration conducted on the property between 1995 and 2000. The Pirquitas mine was formally inaugurated in April 2009 and commercial production started in December of that year until open pit ore mining was completed in mid January 2017. The Pirquitas processing plant has been in continuous operation since 2009. 
 The Company entered into a joint venture in October 2015 comprising the Chinchillas property, the Pirquitas pit and the Pirquitas operations. The agreement included an 18 month pre-development period to advance Chinchillas, including the infill drilling, engineering and environmental studies, and permitting, with an option for the Company to assume full ownership, which the Company exercised on March 31, 2017. 
 Geological Setting, Mineralization, and Deposit Types 
 The Chinchillas and Pirquitas properties are considered part of the Bolivian tin silver zinc belt that extends from the San Rafael tin copper deposit in southern Peru into the Puna region of Jujuy and are located in the Puna geological belt. Deposits with similar environments and styles of mineralization include San Crist bal, Potos , and Pulacayo. These deposits are generally characterized by intrusion of dacite dome complexes with mineralization hosted in shears and breccias within the dacite domes and / or within shears and breccias within the host rocks. More rarely, as in the case of the Chinchillas Property and San Crist bal, the deposits also contain disseminated flat lying manto bodies within sedimentary and pyroclastic rocks that are cut by the feeder shears. All the deposits are known to have large vertical extents. 
 Significant silver-lead-zinc mineralization occurs in four main areas at the Chinchillas Property deposit: the Silver Mantos and Mantos Basement zones in the west part of the Project, and the Socavon del Diablo and Socavon Basement zones in the east part. 
 Mining Operations 
 The Chinchillas deposit is mined as a conventional open pit operation. Most of the in-pit haulage for both ore and waste is carried out using 100 tonne haul trucks. Ore is mined in five-meter benches and stockpiled in a staging area close to the pit. In the staging area, ore is loaded onto 35 tonne road trucks to be transported to the crusher at the Pirquitas operation. Throughout the mining operation, low grade ore is stockpiled near the pit rim to be processed at the end of mine life. Waste rock will be mined and hauled to two major on-site rock storage facilities based on their geochemical characteristics. 
 The nearest community to Chinchillas is the village of Santo Domingo, and nearest to Pirquitas is the village of Nuevo Pirquitas. Basic amenities are supplied from Susques and Abra Pampa, while supplies for mining are obtained through the provincial capital of San Salvador de Jujuy, which has an airport with daily commercial air service to Buenos Aires. 
 Infrastructure, Permitting and Compliance Activities 
 Infrastructure at Chinchillas is limited. Electricity onsite at Chinchillas is supplied along existing power lines from the generators at Pirquitas. Water supply for human consumption comes from bottled water, and water for mining operations is drawn from wells. 
 Pirquitas has been a permitted commercial mine and processing facility, operated by SSR Mining since December 2009, with existing infrastructure that includes a processing plant, a permitted tailings facility, a fully serviced workers camp sufficient for approximately 670 personnel, a communications system including cellular and intranet access, fully serviced office buildings, and wastewater treatment facilities, organic waste landfill and a recycling center. Electricity is produced from natural gas at the Pirquitas site. Water supply is from a site known as San Marcos, which is located within the property a short distance downstream from where the Pirquitas River drains into the Collahuaima River. Domestic water is pumped from a diversion upstream of the open pit for use at the camp. 
 69 

Government permits required to conduct exploration, drilling and processing at Puna have been obtained. 
 Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing 
 The metallurgical testing of Chinchillas ore types commenced in 2013 and continued until 2016. The first testwork was focused on silver recovery by both leaching and flotation methods with flotation proving to be superior at this early stage. The second program continued process development of flotation into separate lead/silver and zinc concentrates. The third testwork campaign was designed to advance the flotation process and test specifically these ore types to the Pirquitas mill flow sheet. 
 The Pirquitas process plant operating performance since commencement on Chinchillas ores is used to provide the concentrate grade recovery and mass pull relationships. 
 Processing and Recovery Operations 
 The Pirquitas processing plant consists of crushing, grinding, and froth flotation to produce 2 products, a silver-lead and a zinc concentrate. These 2 product concentrates are bagged separately in one tonne bags and transported to Buenos Aires by truck for export to smelters. The Pirquitas process plant has continued to improve performance from the expected 4,000 tonnes per day feed capacity to 4,500 tonnes per day achieved in 2021. 
 Resource and Reserve Estimates 
 The following tables present the mineral reserves and mineral resources information for Puna. Additionally, see Proven and Probable Reserve Estimates by Mineral in this Item 2 for further information on the mineral resources and mineral reserves for Puna for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and see "Operating Statistics" in this Item 2 for further information on production of the Puna operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. A discussion of the changes in mineral resources and mineral reserves from 2021 to 2022 is also included below. 
 70 

Puna Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Metallurgical Silver (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery Chinchillas (OP) (1)(2) 
 1,818 163.51 9,556 4,393 155.26 21,927 6,211 157.68 31,483 98 Chinchillas (Stockpile) 412 123.75 1,639 412 123.75 1,639 98 Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Metallurgical Lead (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) Recovery Chinchillas (OP) (1)(2) 
 1,818 1.37 54.8 4,393 1.28 124.0 6,211 1.31 178.8 95 Chinchillas (Stockpile) 412 1.19 10.8 412 1.19 10.8 95 Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Metallurgical Zinc (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) Recovery Chinchillas (OP) (1)(2) 
 1,818 0.26 10.5 4,393 0.22 21.2 6,211 0.23 31.7 63 Chinchillas (Stockpile) 412 0.60 5.4 412 0.60 5.4 63 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Reserves are reported at NSR cut off value of 44.11 per tonne which incorporates appropriate metallurgical recoveries and includes lead and zinc attributable metals. 
 (2) Chinchillas processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 for silver, 95 for lead and 63 for zinc . 
 71 

Puna Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Silver (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Chinchillas(OP) (1) 
 828 110.31 2,935 4,548 103.77 15,174 5,376 104.78 18,109 123 112.87 446 Pirquitas (UG) (2) 
 79 444.50 1,129 2,555 287.67 23,627 2,634 292.33 24,756 1,080 206.86 7,186 Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Lead (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) Chinchillas(OP) (1) 
 828 0.98 18.0 4,548 0.91 91.5 5,376 0.92 109.4 123 0.53 1.4 Pirquitas (UG) (2) 
 79 0.20 0.3 2,555 0.02 1.1 2,634 0.02 1.4 1,080 0.1 Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Zinc (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) (kt) (Mlbs) Chinchillas(OP) (1) 
 828 0.26 4.8 4,548 0.17 17.5 5,376 0.19 22.3 123 0.09 0.3 Pirquitas (UG) (2) 
 79 1.17 2.0 2,555 4.56 256.8 2,634 4.46 258.9 1,080 7.45 177.4 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Resource are contained within a pit shell generated using an NSR cut-off of 33.20. Metallurgical recoveries vary based on the grade and on average are 98 for silver, 95 for lead, and 63 for zinc. Mineral Resources are exclusive of Mineral Reserves. 
 (2) Piriquitas UG Mineral Resources are reported using a silver metal price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb lead, and 1.30/lb zinc. The cut-off grade includes lead and zinc attributable metal and is calculated at 100/t. Metallurgical recoveries vary with grade and on average are 87 for silver, 50 for lead, and 85 for zinc. 
 For the Puna operations as a whole, comparison of the 2022 Mineral Reserve with the 2021 Mineral Reserve and Mineral Resources shows a net decrease in contained silver and is attributed to mining depletion in 2022. 
 For Pirquitas, there was no change since EOY 2020 as there was no updated work on the Mineral Resource. 
 The Qualified Persons are of the opinion that there are no material changes to the Mineral Resources and Reserves described herein as compared to the information presented in the Puna 2021 Technical Report Summary. 
 Exploration 
 At Chinchillas, surface exploration programs included detailed mapping with a special emphasis on structures, rock chip sampling, trenching, soil sampling and talus sampling. These programs identified the major structural zones, the strong east west control on basin formation, and new mineralized target areas. Work has included geophysical surveys IP ("Induced Polarization")/Resistivity, Controlled-Source Audio-Magnetotelluric Technique ("CSAMT"), Magnetics). Six drilling programs constituting approximately 60,000 meters of drilling were conducted at the Chinchillas property. 
 At Pirquitas, comprehensive mineral exploration was conducted on the property, including geological mapping, geophysical surveying (44 line-kilometers of ground magnetics and 19.2 line- kilometers of induced polarization surveying), underground rock sampling and multiple programs of RC and diamond drilling. 
 The Granada target area is at the intersection of the Potosi vein and Cortaderas vein-breccia in San Miguel Pit. The Potos Vein is a west-northwest oriented steeply dipping vein. Colquechaca and Blanca Veins are located slightly north of Potosi, strike both northwest and southeast and variably dip steeply to the north and south. 
 72 

In 2019 2020, the objective of the deep Granada drill program was to test the theorized intersection between the south west dipping Cortaderas vein breccia and the steeply north-dipping Potosi vein, located at depth beneath the San Miguel pit. Three HQ drill holes were completed between October 6, 2019 and January 31, 2020 and the total length drilled was 3,430 m. Results from the Granada drilling program intersected the two different mineral compositions that correspond with historically described veins. Mineralization is commonly filling open spaces as fracturing, brecciation, and faulting, usually as massive or semi-massive veins or veinlets, they have widths ranging commonly from 5 30 cm, and range up to 3.5 m. The Granada target was not encountered at the anticipated depth but the program did identify significant intersections of gold values below the elevation of previous mining within the San Miguel open pit (~4,000 m). The gold values are commonly associated with elevated concentrations of Ag, As, Bi, Cu, and Sn. 
 In 2022, exploration drilling was conducted on the Chinchillas and Pirquitas properties. At Chinchillas, 10,149 meters was completed in 59 drill holes in 2022. Drilling was completed within and around the margin of the open pit operation, and focused on reconciliation and resource expansion, as well as testing a series of high potential targets within 1.5 km of the operation. Areas tested include Socavon Del Diablo and the northern rim of the Chinchillas volcanic dome complex, evaluating targets hosted within both volcanic rocks and the adjacent brecciated sedimentary rocks. 
 At Pirquitas, 1,420 meters was completed in two deep holes testing the western margin of the Cortaderas vein-breccia deposit. The Cortaderas Vein gives outcrops at the south slope of the Cortaderas Valley around 500 m north of the San Miguel Open Pit and oriented east-west with a dip direction around 60 to the southwest. Concentrations of vein-type sulphide mineralization were intersected at the expected depth and successfully expanded mineralization further to the northwest. Fieldwork earlier in the year focused on geological mapping and prospecting at both sites to help identify mineralization and identify drill targets. 
 Drilling 
 An early drilling program (before SSR, 2008), was effectively conducted in two phases, with the transition being marked by a change in analytical laboratories from American Assay Laboratories ("AAL") to the SGS Chile laboratory partway through its drilling program. RC drillholes AR 001-AR 092 and diamond core drillholes DDH 001-DDH 042 were analyzed by AAL, RC drillholes AR 093-AR 164 and diamond core drillholes DDH 043-DDH 069 were analyzed by SGS Chile. Both analytical labs took possession of the samples at Pirquitas and were in custody of them throughout the sample preparation and analysis steps (including sample transportation from site to the respective analytical laboratory). AAL set up sample preparation facilities on-site at Pirquitas whilst SGS Chile transported the samples to their analytical laboratory in Salta, Argentina. Each laboratory implemented QC programs that were reviewed and monitored by Sunshine Argentina and an independent consultant. 
 Alex Stewart is the primary laboratory and ALS in Peru ("ALS") is used as the secondary laboratory for check samples. All samples are tested for a suite of 39 elements including silver, lead and zinc by a four-acid digestion method and analysis by Inductively Coupled Plasma atomic emission spectroscopy ("ICP") (method ICP-MA-39). Silver greater than 200 parts per million (ppm) is assayed by fire assay using a 50 g sample with gravimetric finish (method Ag4A-50). Lead and zinc greater than 10,000 ppm are re-assayed by an oxidizing acid digestion for ore grade material and reading by ICP (method ICP-ORE). 
 ALS is used as secondary laboratory by method ME-ICP61 based on a four-acid digestion and reading by ICP. Samples greater than one percent lead or zinc are re-tested using ore grade method Pb-OG62 and Zn-OG62. Samples greater than 100 ppm silver are re-assayed by fire assay with gravimetric finish (method Ag-GRA22). 
 Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification 
 No material sample bias was identified by the Qualified Persons during the review of the drill data and assays. Observation of the drill core during the site visits and inspection and validation of the data collected convinced the Qualified Persons that the drill data are adequate for the estimation of measured, indicated and inferred mineral resources. 
 73 

Capital and Operating Costs. 
 Total capital expenditure, exclusive of discretionary exploration, is estimated to be 31.6 million which is primarily composed of mine and plant equipment, tailings storage facility expansions and asset componentization as of December 31, 2022. Estimated operating costs for mine operations include both cash and non-cash costs. 
 Description 
 Total M) 
 LOM Average /t milled) 
 Mining Costs 
 75 13.13 Processing Costs 
 142 24.84 G A Costs 
 71 12.48 Total 
 288 50.45 
 Capital costs and operating costs are provided for mineral property disclosure purposes in accordance with NI 51-102 and are mining company financial measures. See Additional Mining Company Financial Information in this Item 2 for more information. 
 Costs in individual years may vary significantly as a result of, among other things, current or future nonrecurring expenditures, and changes to input costs and exchange rates. Please refer to the Puna 2021 Technical Report Summary for other key metrics including detailed cash flows by year and net present value computations. 
 Qualified Persons 
 The following contributors, each of whom is a qualified person for purposes of Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K and NI 43-101, have approved the 2022 mineral resources and mineral reserves in this Annual Report, as set forth below (the "Qualified Persons"), and are of the opinion that there have been no material changes in the mineral reserves or mineral resources reported therein since the effective date of each Technical Report Summary: 
 Karthik Rathnam, MAusIMM (CP), employed by SSR Mining as Director, Resource Geology; and Brandon Heser, SME Registered Member (4119556), employed by SSR Mining as Director, Mine Technical Services, have approved the pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna 2022 mineral resources and mineral reserves. 
 Karthik Rathnam, MAusIMM (CP), employed by SSR Mining as Director, Resource Geology, has approved the mineral resources in respect of the San Luis, Peru exploration project and the Amisk, Canada exploration project. 
 The Technical Report Summaries for each property were filed as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and each Technical Report Summary was amended and filed as part of the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2022. 
 Internal Controls over the Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources Estimation Process 
 The Company has internal controls over the mineral reserves and mineral resources estimation processes that result in reasonable and reliable estimates aligned with industry practice and reporting regulations. Annually, qualified persons and other employees review the estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources, the supporting documentation, and compliance to the internal controls, and, based on their review of such information, recommend approval to use the mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates to our senior management. The Company s controls utilize management systems including but not limited to, formal quality assurance and quality control protocols, standardized procedures, workflow processes, supervision and management approval, internal and external reviews and audits, reconciliations, and data security covering record keeping, chain of custody and data storage. 
 The Company's systems also cover exploration activities, sample preparation and analysis, data verification, mineral processing, metallurgical testing, recovery estimation, mine design and sequencing, and mineral reserve and resource evaluations, with environmental, social and regulatory considerations. The Company s 
 74 

quality assurance and control protocols over sampling and assaying of drill hole samples include insertion of blind samples consisting of standards, blanks, and duplicates in the primary sample streams, as well as selective sample validation at secondary laboratories. 
 These controls and other methods help to validate the reasonableness of the estimates. The effectiveness of the controls are reviewed periodically to address changes in conditions and the degree of compliance with policies and procedures. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of risks associated with our estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources. 
 75 

Proven and Probable Reserve Estimates by Mineral 
 Proven and probable Mineral Reserves are based on extensive drilling, sampling, geological modeling, and metallurgical testing from which economic feasibility has been determined. The price sensitivity of Mineral Reserves depends upon several factors including grade, metallurgical recovery, operating cost, waste-to-ore ratio and ore type. Metallurgical recovery rates vary depending on the metallurgical properties of each deposit and the production process used. The Mineral Reserve tables below list the average metallurgical recovery rate for each deposit, which takes into account the several different processing methods to be used. The cut-off grade, or lowest grade of mineralized material considered economic to process, varies with material type, metallurgical recoveries and operating costs. 
 The proven and probable Mineral Reserves presented herein are estimates based on information available at the time of calculation. No assurance can be given that the indicated levels of recovery of gold, silver, lead, zinc, and copper will be realized. Ounces of gold or silver, or pounds of copper, lead or zinc in the proven and probable Mineral Reserves are calculated without regard to any losses during metallurgical treatment. Mineral Reserves estimates may require revision based on actual production experience. Market price fluctuations of gold, silver, lead, zinc, and copper as well as increased cost of goods sold or reduced metallurgical recovery rates, could render proven and probable Mineral Reserves containing relatively lower grades of mineralization uneconomic to exploit and might result in a decrease in actual recovery as compared to the Mineral Reserves reported herein. 
 The Mineral Reserves presented below as of December 31, 2022 have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K subpart 1300 rules for Property Disclosures for Mining Registrants (S-K 1300). Mineral Reserves metal prices used for preparation of the 2022 report, which were selected, in each case, by the Qualified Persons are: 1,350 per gold ounce, 18.50 per silver ounce, 0.90 per lead pound, 1.05 per zinc pound, and 3.30 per copper pound unless otherwise stated. 
 The Mineral Reserves presented below as of December 31, 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K subpart 1300 rules for Property Disclosures for Mining Registrants (S-K 1300). Mineral Reserves metal prices used for preparation of the 2021 report, which were selected, in each case, by the Qualified Persons are: 1,350 per gold ounce, 18.50 per silver ounce, 0.90 per lead pound, 1.05 per zinc pound, and 3.30 per copper pound unless otherwise stated. 
 Technical Report Summaries for pler, Marigold, Seabee and Chinchillas (Puna) operations, as amended, are available under the Company's profile on the SEDAR website at www.sedar.com and as part of the Company s Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on the SEC s EDGAR website on September 29, 2022 at sec.gov. Additionally, see "Resource and Reserve Estimates" previously presented in the individual property disclosures for each of pler, Marigold, SGO and Puna of this Item 2 for further information on the mineral resources and mineral reserves for each individual property. 
 The point of reference for Mineral Reserves is the point of feed into the processing facility for all projects except for Marigold, which is entry into the carbon columns in the processing facility. 
 Metals shown in the table are contained metals in ore mined and processed. 
 Tonnage is metric tonnes, ounces represent troy ounces, and g/t represents grams per metric tonne. 
 Figures may vary due to rounding. 
 76 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated gold reserves reflecting only the reserves attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest a s of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 f or each of its production and exploration assets. The following tables solely reflect depletion that occurred through mining activity undertaken during 2022 and do not incorporate any drilling completed since the December 31, 2021 effective date of the Technical Report Summaries. 
 Gold Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery pler (OP) (1)(2)(3) (4) 
 T rkiye 80 7,166 2.56 590 40,524 2.03 2,648 47,690 2.11 3,238 84 pler Stockpile T rkiye 80 10,605 2.18 745 10,605 2.18 745 91 Marigold (OP) (5) 
 United States 100 185,703 0.48 2,842 185,703 0.48 2,842 75 Marigold (leach pad inventory) United States 100 314 314 74 Seabee (UG) (6)(7) 
 Canada 100 86 7.71 21 2,243 6.30 455 2,329 6.35 476 98 Seabee Stockpile Canada 100 16 10.00 5 16 10.00 5 98 7,252 2.62 611 239,091 0.87 7,009 246,343 0.92 7,620 77 
 (1) pler Mineral Reserves includes reserves from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe and akmaktepe Extension. 
 (2) Mineral Reserves shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR owns 80 in both Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. Cakmaktepe, Bayramdere and part of akmaktepe Extension fall within Kartaltepe license. 
 (3) Mineral Reserve cut-offs are based on 1,350/oz gold price. The average oxide recoveries are 61 and average sulfide recoveries are 91 . All cut-off values include allowance for royalty payable. There are no credits for silver or copper in the cut-off calculations. Oxide cutoff grades vary between 0.44-0.80g/t gold and sulphide cutoff grades vary between 1.05-1.11g/t gold. 
 (4) There are no sulfide Mineral Reserves at akmaktepe and Bayramdere. 
 (5) Marigold Mineral Reserves are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.065 g/t payable gold (gold assay factored for metallurgical recovery, royalty, and net proceeds). No mining dilution is applied to the grade of the Mineral Reserves. Dilution intrinsic to the Mineral Reserves estimate is considered sufficient to represent the mining selectivity considered. 
 (6) Seabee Mineral Reserves are reported using 1,600/oz gold and a cut-off grade of 2.52 g/t gold. Processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 . 
 (7) Seabee Mineral Reserves includes Santoy 8, Santoy 9, and Gap Hangingwall ("GHW") lode s. 
 
 77 

Gold Reserves as of December 31, 2021 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery pler (OP) (1)(2)(3) (4) 
 T rkiye 79 7,033 2.54 574 42,481 2.03 2,774 49,514 2.10 3,348 84 pler Stockpile T rkiye 80 9,980 2.25 721 9,980 2.25 721 91 Marigold (OP) (5) 
 United States 100 203,768 0.48 3,173 203,768 0.48 3,173 75 Marigold (leach pad inventory) United States 100 237 237 71 Seabee (UG) (6)(7) 
 Canada 100 304 9.16 90 2,379 6.40 490 2,684 6.72 580 98 7,337 2.81 664 258,608 0.86 7,395 265,946 0.91 8,059 78 
 (1) pler Mineral Reserves includes reserves from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe and akmaktepe Extension. 
 (2) Mineral Reserves shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Ownership is an average based on location of Mineral Reserves (gold) relative to licenses: pler and part of akmaktepe Extension are on Anagold 80:20 ground on which SSR holds 80 rights, and akmaktepe, Bayramdere and the remainder of akmaktepe Extension are on Kartaltepe 50:50 ground on which the Company holds 50 rights. Total ownership percentages are weighted averages. 
 (3) Mineral Reserve cut-offs are based on 1,350/oz gold price. The average oxide recoveries are 61 and average sulfide recoveries are 91 . All cut-off values include allowance for royalty payable. There are no credits for silver or copper in the cut-off calculations. Oxide cutoff grades vary between 0.44-0.80g/t gold and sulphide cutoff grades vary between 1.05-1.11g/t gold. 
 (4) There are no sulfide Mineral Reserves at akmaktepe and Bayramdere. 
 (5) Marigold Mineral Reserves are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.065 g/t payable gold (gold assay factored for metallurgical recovery, royalty, and net proceeds). No mining dilution is applied to the grade of the Mineral Reserves. Dilution intrinsic to the Mineral Reserves estimate is considered sufficient to represent the mining selectivity considered. 
 (6) Seabee Mineral Reserves are reported using 1,600/oz gold and a cut-off grade of 2.52 g/t gold. Processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 . 
 (7) Seabee Mineral Reserves includes Santoy 8, Santoy 9, and Gap Hangingwall ("GHW") lodes. 

78 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated silver reserves reflecting only the reserves attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Silver Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 T rkiye 80 7,166 4.11 947 40,524 4.48 5,834 47,690 4.42 6,781 9 Chinchillas (OP) (5)(6) 
 Argentina 100 1,818 163.51 9,556 4,393 155.26 21,927 6,211 157.68 31,483 98 Chinchillas (Stockpile) Argentina 100 412 123.75 1,639 412 123.75 1,639 98 8,984 36.36 10,503 45,329 20.17 29,400 54,313 22.85 39,903 20 
 (1) pler Mineral Reserves includes reserves from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe and akmaktepe Extension. 
 (2) Mineral Reserves shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR owns 80 in both Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. Cakmaktepe, Bayramdere and part of akmaktepe Extension fall within Kartaltepe license. 
 (3) Mineral Reserve cut-offs are based on 1,350/oz gold price. The average oxide recoveries are 61 and average sulfide recoveries are 91 . The weighted average gold recovery is 84 . All cut-off values include allowance for royalty payable. There are no credits for silver or copper in the cut-off calculations. Oxide cutoff grades vary between 0.44-0.80g/t gold and sulphide cutoff grades vary between 1.05-1.11g/t gold. 
 (4) There are no sulfide Mineral Reserves at akmaktepe and Bayramdere. 
 (5) Chinchillas Mineral Reserves are reported at NSR cut off value of 44.11 per tonne which incorporates appropriate metallurgical recoveries and includes lead and zinc attributable metals. 
 (6) Chinchillas processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 for silver . 
 
 79 

Silver Reserves as of December 31, 2021 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) Recovery pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 T rkiye 79 7,033 4.06 918 42,481 4.47 6,100 49,514 4.41 7,018 9 Chinchillas (OP) (5)(6) 
 Argentina 100 2,379 168.91 12,918 5,041 155.30 25,174 7,420 159.68 38,092 98 Chinchillas (Stockpile) Argentina 100 187 141.00 846 187 141.00 846 98 9,412 45.72 13,836 47,709 20.94 32,120 57,121 25.02 45,956 21 
 (1) pler Mineral Reserves includes reserves from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe and akmaktepe Extension. 
 (2) Mineral Reserves shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Ownership is an average based on location of Mineral Reserves (gold) relative to licenses: pler and part of akmaktepe Extension are on Anagold 80:20 ground on which SSR holds 80 rights, and akmaktepe, Bayramdere and the remainder of akmaktepe Extension are on Kartaltepe 50:50 ground on which SSR holds 50 rights. Total ownership percentages are weighted averages. 
 (3) Mineral Reserve cut-offs are based on 1,350/oz gold price. The average oxide recoveries are 61 and average sulfide recoveries are 91 . The weighted average gold recovery is 84 . All cut-off values include allowance for royalty payable. There are no credits for silver or copper in the cut-off calculations. Oxide cutoff grades vary between 0.44-0.80g/t gold and sulphide cutoff grades vary between 1.05-1.11g/t gold. 
 (4) There are no sulfide Mineral Reserves at akmaktepe and Bayramdere. 
 (5) Chinchillas Mineral Reserves are reported at NSR cut off value of 44.11 per tonne which incorporates appropriate metallurgical recoveries and includes lead and zinc attributable metals. 
 (6) Chinchillas processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 for silver. 
 80 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated lead reserves reflecting only the reserves attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Lead Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Recovery Chinchillas (OP) (1)(2) 
 Argentina 100 1,818 1.37 54.8 4,393 1.28 124.0 6,211 1.31 178.8 95 Chinchillas Stockpile Argentina 100 412 1.19 10.8 412 1.19 10.8 95 1,818 1.37 54.8 4,805 1.27 134.8 6,623 1.30 189.6 95 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Reserves are reported at NSR cut off value of 44.11 per tonne which incorporates appropriate metallurgical recoveries and includes silver and zinc attributable metals. 
 (2) Chinchillas processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 95 for lead. 
 
 Lead Reserves as of December 31, 2021 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Recovery Chinchillas (OP) (1)(2) 
 Argentina 100 2,379 1.33 69.7 5,041 1.29 143.4 7,420 1.30 213.1 95 Chinchillas Stockpile Argentina 100 187 1.33 5.5 187 1.33 5.5 95 2,379 1.33 69.7 5,228 1.29 148.9 7,607 1.30 218.6 95 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Reserves are reported at NSR cut off value of 44.11 per tonne which incorporates appropriate metallurgical recoveries and includes silver and zinc attributable metals. 
 (2) Chinchillas processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 95 for lead. 
 
 81 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated zinc reserves reflecting only the reserves attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 fo r each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Zinc Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Recovery Chinchillas (OP) (1)(2) 
 Argentina 100 1,818 0.26 10.5 4,393 0.22 21.2 6,211 0.23 31.7 63 Chinchillas Stockpile Argentina 100 412 0.60 5.4 412 0.60 5.4 63 1,818 0.26 10.5 4,805 0.25 26.6 6,623 0.25 37.1 63 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Reserves are reported at NSR cut off value of 44.11 per tonne which incorporates appropriate metallurgical recoveries and includes silver and lead attributable metals. 
 (2) Chinchillas processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 63 for zinc. 
 
 Zinc Reserves as of December 31, 2021 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Recovery Chinchillas (OP) (1)(2) 
 Argentina 100 2,379 0.34 17.8 5,041 0.25 27.8 7,420 0.28 45.6 63 Chinchillas Stockpile Argentina 100 187 0.50 2.1 187 0.50 2.1 63 2,379 0.34 17.8 5,228 0.26 29.9 7,607 0.28 47.7 63 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Reserves are reported at NSR cut off value of 44.11 per tonne which incorporates appropriate metallurgical recoveries and includes silver and lead attributable metals. 
 (2) Chinchillas processing recoveries vary based on the feed grade. The average recovery is estimated to be 63 for zinc. 

82 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated copper reserves reflecting only the reserves attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Copper Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Recovery pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6) 
 T rkiye 80 7,166 0.2 40,524 0.01 6.7 47,690 0.01 6.9 2 7,166 0.2 40,524 0.01 6.7 47,690 0.01 6.9 2 
 (1) pler Mineral Reserves includes reserves from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe and akmaktepe Extension. 
 (2) Mineral Reserves shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR owns 80 in both Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. Cakmaktepe, Bayramdere and part of Cakmaktepe Extension fall within Kartaltepe license 
 (3) Mineral Reserve cut-offs are based on 1,350/oz gold price. The average oxide recoveries are 61 and average sulfide recoveries are 91 . All cut-off values include allowance for royalty payable. There are no credits for silver or copper in the cut-off calculations. Oxide cutoff grades varies between 0.44-0.80g/t gold and sulphide cutoff grades vary between 1.05-1.11g/t gold. 
 (4) There are no sulfide Mineral Reserves at akmaktepe. 
 (5) There is no copper recovery in sulphide material. 
 (6) Copper oxide recoveries are 2 . 
 83 

Copper Reserves as of December 31, 2021 
 Proven Probable Proven and Probable SSR Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Metallurgical Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Recovery pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6) 
 T rkiye 79 7,033 0.2 52,461 0.01 7.3 59,494 0.01 7.4 2 7,033 0.2 52,461 0.01 7.3 59,494 0.01 7.4 2 
 (1) pler Mineral Reserves includes reserves from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe and akmaktepe Extension. 
 (2) Mineral Reserves shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Ownership is an average based on location of Mineral Reserves (gold) relative to licenses: pler and part of akmaktepe Extension are on Anagold 80:20 ground on which SSR holds 80 rights, and akmaktepe, Bayramdere and the remainder of akmaktepe Extension are on Kartaltepe 50:50 ground on which SSR holds 50 rights. Total ownership percentages are weighted averages. 
 (3) Mineral Reserve cut-offs are based on 1,350/oz gold price. The average oxide recoveries are 61 and average sulfide recoveries are 91 . All cut-off values include allowance for royalty payable. There are no credits for silver or copper in the cut-off calculations. Oxide cutoff grades vary between 0.44-0.80g/t gold and sulphide cutoff grades vary between 1.05-1.11g/t gold. 
 (4) There are no sulfide Mineral Reserves at akmaktepe. 
 (5) There is no copper recovery in sulphide material. 
 (6) Copper oxide recoveries are 2 . 
 Resource Estimates by Mineral 
 Mineral Resources are presented exclusive of Mineral Reserves. Due to the uncertainty that may be attached to Inferred Mineral Resources, it cannot be assumed that all or any part of an Inferred Mineral Resource will be upgraded to an Indicated or Measured Mineral Resource as a result of continued exploration. 
 The Mineral Resources presented below as of December 31, 2022 have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K subpart 1300 rules for Property Disclosures for Mining Registrants (S-K 1300). Mineral Resources metal prices used for preparation of the 2021 report, which were selected, in each case, by the applicable Qualified Persons for each property, ar e: 1,750 per gold ounce, 22.00 per silver ounce, 0.95 per lead pound, 1.15 per zinc pound, and 3.95 per copper pound unless otherwise stated. 
 The Mineral Resources presented below as of December 31, 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-K subpart 1300 rules for Property Disclosures for Mining Registrants (S-K 1300). Mineral Resources metal prices used for preparation of the 2021 report, which were selected, in each case, by the applicable Qualified Persons for each property, are: 1,750 per gold ounce, 22.00 per silver ounce, 0.95 per lead pound, 1.15 per zinc pound, and 3.95 per copper pound unless otherwise stated. 
 The point of reference for Mineral Resources is the point of feed into the processing facility for all projects except for Marigold, which is entry into the carbon columns in the processing facility. 
 Metals shown in the tables below are contained metals in ore mined and processed. 
 84 

Tonnage is metric tonnes, ounces represent troy ounces, and g/t represents grams per metric tonne. 
 Figures may vary due to rounding. 
 
 85 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated gold resources reflecting only the resources attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Gold Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
 T rkiye 80 2,598 1.94 162 68,368 1.04 2,284 70,966 1.07 2,446 82,394 1.17 3,097 Marigold (OP) (8)((9) 
 United States 100 115,294 0.43 1,611 115,294 0.43 1,611 21,680 0.36 249 Seabee (UG) (10) 
 Canada 100 84 11.97 32 781 11.44 287 865 11.49 319 2,754 6.05 536 Amisk (OP) (11) 
 Canada 100 43,976 0.73 1,028 43,976 0.73 1,028 49,985 0.52 830 San Luis (UG) (12) 
 Peru 100 484 22.43 349 484 22.43 349 20 5.60 4 2,682 2.25 194 228,903 0.76 5,559 231,585 0.77 5,753 156,833 0.94 4,716 
 (1) pler Mineral Resources include resources from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension and Bayramdere. 
 (2) Mineral Resources shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR owns 80 in both Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. Cakmaktepe, Bayramdere and part of akmaktepe Extension fall within Kartaltepe license. 
 (3) All Mineral Resources for pler were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual pit shells 1,400/oz gold and 19.00/oz silver for Bayramdere). 
 (4) Oxide definitions: At pler: oxide is defined as material 0.10 ). There is no sulfide material at akmaktepe or Bayramdere. 
 (6) Mineral Resources are reported at the variable gold cut-off grades based on different metallurgical parameters: oxide cut-off grades are 0.19-0.76 g/t gold, sulfide cut-off uses an NSR value in /t based on gold price of 1,750/oz, silver price of 22.00/oz, and copper price of 3.95/lb with allowances for payability, deductions, transport, and royalties. 
 (7) pler oxide recoveries vary between 38.0-78.4 and sulphide recoveries vary between 55-98 . 
 (8) Marigold Mineral Resource estimate is based on an optimised pit shell at a cut off grade of 0.065 g/t payable gold (gold assay factored for recovery, royalty, and net proceeds). 
 (9) Marigold metallurgical recoveries varies with gold grade and on average recoveries are 67 
 (10) Seabee Mineral Resources are reported using a cut-off grade of 2.07 g/t and were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual underground shapes. Mineral resources includes Santoy 8, Santoy 9, and GHW lodes. 
 (11) Amisk Mineral Resources are reported using a gold equivalent cut-off grade of 0.30 g/t and include silver attributable ounces. Average gold recovery is 90 . 
 (12) San Luis Mineral Resources are reported at gold price assumptions of 600/oz using a gold equivalent cut-off grade of 6.0 g/t and include silver attributable ounces. Average gold recovery is 94 . 
 86 

Gold Resources as of December 31, 2021 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Tonnes Grade Gold Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
 T rkiye 76 2,467 1.76 139 68,887 1.01 2,243 71,354 1.04 2,382 79,650 1.16 2,982 Marigold (OP) (8)(9) 
 United States 100 115,294 0.43 1,611 115,294 0.43 1,611 21,795 0.36 250 Seabee (UG) (10) 
 Canada 100 71 19.75 45 797 12.23 313 869 12.83 358 2,754 6.05 536 Amisk (OP) (11) 
 Canada 100 43,976 0.73 1,028 43,976 0.73 1,028 49,985 0.52 830 San Luis (UG) (12) 
 Peru 100 484 22.43 349 484 22.43 349 20 5.60 4 2,538 2.27 184 229,438 0.75 5,544 231,977 0.77 5,728 154,204 0.93 4,602 
 (1) pler Mineral Resources include resources from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension and Bayramdere. 
 (2) Mineral Resources shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Ownership is an average based on location of Mineral Resources (gold) relative to licenses: pler and part of akmaktepe Extension are on Anagold 80:20 ground on which SSR holds 80 rights, and akmaktepe, Bayramdere and the remainder of akmaktepe Extension are on Kartaltepe 50:50 ground on which SSR holds 50 rights. Total ownership percentages are weighted averages. 
 (3) All Mineral Resources for pler were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual pit shells 1,400/oz gold and 19.00/oz silver for Bayramdere). 
 (4) Oxide definitions: At pler: oxide is defined as material 0.10 ). There is no sulfide material at akmaktepe or Bayramdere. 
 (6) Mineral Resources are reported at the variable gold cut-off grades based on different metallurgical parameters: oxide cut-off grades are 0.19-0.76 g/t gold, sulfide cut-off uses an NSR value in /t based on gold price of 1,750/oz, silver price of 22.00/oz, and copper price of 3.95/lb with allowances for payability, deductions, transport, and royalties. 
 (7) pler oxide recoveries vary between 38.0-78.4 and sulphide recoveries vary between 55-98 . 
 (8) Marigold Mineral Resource estimate is based on an optimised pit shell at a cut off grade of 0.065 g/t payable gold (gold assay factored for recovery, royalty, and net proceeds). 
 (9) Marigold metallurgical recoveries varies with gold grade and on average recoveries are 67 
 (10) Seabee Mineral Resources are reported using a cut-off grade of 2.07 g/t and were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual underground shapes. Mineral resources includes Santoy 8, Santoy 9, and GHW lodes. 
 (11) Amisk Mineral Resources are reported using a gold equivalent cut-off grade of 0.30 g/t and include silver attributable ounces. Average gold recovery is 90 . 
 (12) San Luis Mineral Resources are reported at gold price assumptions of 600/oz using a gold equivalent cut-off grade of 6.0 g/t and include silver attributable ounces. Average gold recovery is 94 
 87 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated silver resources reflecting only the resources attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Silver Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
 T rkiye 80 2,598 4.32 361 68,368 3.37 7,402 70,966 3.40 7,763 82,394 9.57 25,339 Chinchillas (OP) (8) 
 Argentina 100 828 110.31 2,935 4,548 103.77 15,174 5,376 104.78 18,109 123 112.87 446 Pirquitas (UG) (9) 
 Argentina 100 79 444.50 1,129 2,555 287.67 23,627 2,634 292.33 24,756 1,080 206.86 7,186 San Luis (UG) (10) 
 Peru 100 484 578.10 9,003 484 578.56 9,003 20 272.00 175 Amisk (OP) (11) 
 Canada 100 43,976 5.30 7,531 43,976 5.33 7,531 49,985 3.45 5,550 3,505 39.26 4,425 119,931 16.26 62,737 123,436 16.92 67,162 133,602 9.01 38,696 
 (1) pler Mineral Resources include resources from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension and Bayramdere. 
 (2) Mineral Resources shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR owns 80 in both Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. Cakmaktepe, Bayramdere and part of akmaktepe Extension fall within Kartaltepe license. 
 (3) All Mineral Resources for pler were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual pit shells 1,400/oz for gold and 19.00/oz for silver for Bayramdere). 
 (4) Oxide definitions: At pler: oxide is defined as material 0.10 ). There is no sulfide material at akmaktepe or Bayramdere. 
 (6) Mineral Resources are reported at the variable gold cut-off grades based on different metallurgical parameters: oxide cut-off grades 0.19-0.76 g/t gold, sulfide cut-off uses an NSR value in /t based on gold price of 1,750/oz, silver price of 22.00/oz, and copper price of 3.95/lb with allowances for payability, deductions, transport, and royalties. 
 (7) Average silver recoveries are 16 . 
 (8) Chinchillas Mineral Resource are contained within a pit shell generated using an NSR cut-off of 33.20. Metallurgical recoveries vary based on the grade and on average are 98 for silver. 
 (9) Piriquitas UG Mineral Resources are reported using a silver metal price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb lead, and 1.30/lb zinc. The cut-off grade includes lead and zinc attributable metal and is calculated at 100/t. Metallurgical recoveries vary with grade and on average are 87 for silver. 
 (10) San Luis Mineral Resources are reported at silver price assumptions of 9.25/oz. The cut-off grade includes gold ounces and is 6.0 g/t gold equivalent. Silver process recovery is 90 . 
 (11) Amisk Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade that includes gold ounces and is 0.30 g/t gold equivalent. Silver process recovery is 80 . 
 88 

Silver Resources as of December 31, 2021 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Tonnes Grade Silver Deposit Country Share (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) (kt) (g/t) (koz) pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
 T rkiye 77 2,467 3.53 280 68,887 3.24 7,178 71,354 3.25 7,458 79,650 9.73 24,923 Chinchillas (OP) (8) 
 Argentina 100 1,110 99.20 3,540 4,904 101.13 15,943 6,014 100.76 19,483 165 101.86 540 Pirquitas (UG) (9) 
 Argentina 100 79 444.50 1,129 2,555 287.67 23,627 2,634 292.33 24,756 1,080 206.86 7,186 San Luis (UG) (10) 
 Peru 100 484 578.10 9,003 484 578.56 9,003 20 272.00 175 Pitarilla (OP) (11) 
 Mexico 100 12,345 90.10 35,746 147,016 97.50 460,728 159,361 96.90 496,474 8,524 77.40 21,213 Pitarilla (UG) (12) 
 Mexico 100 5,430 164.90 28,793 5,430 164.93 28,793 1,230 138.10 5,461 Amisk (OP) (13) 
 Canada 100 43,976 5.30 7,531 43,976 5.33 7,531 49,985 3.50 5,550 16,001 79.13 40,695 273,252 62.93 552,803 289,253 63.82 593,498 140,654 14.40 65,048 
 (1) pler Mineral Resources include resources from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension and Bayramdere. 
 (2) Mineral Resources shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Ownership is an average based on location of Mineral Resources (gold) relative to licenses: pler and part of akmaktepe Extension are on Anagold 80:20 ground on which SSR holds 80 rights, and akmaktepe, Bayramdere and the remainder of akmaktepe Extension are on Kartaltepe 50:50 ground on which SSR holds 50 rights. Total ownership percentages are weighted averages. 
 (3) All Mineral Resources for pler were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual pit shells 1,400/oz for gold and 19.00/oz for silver for Bayramdere). 
 (4) Oxide definitions: At pler: oxide is defined as material 0.10 ). There is no sulfide material at akmaktepe or Bayramdere. 
 (6) Mineral Resources are reported at the variable gold cut-off grades based on different metallurgical parameters: oxide cut-off grades 0.19-0.76 g/t gold, sulfide cut-off uses an NSR value in /t based on gold price of 1,750/oz, silver price of 22.00/oz, and copper price of 3.95/lb with allowances for payability, deductions, transport, and royalties. 
 (7) Average silver recoveries are 16 . 
 (8) Chinchillas Mineral Resource are contained within a pit shell generated using an NSR cut-off of 33.20. Metallurgical recoveries vary based on the grade and on average are 98 for silver. 
 (9) Piriquitas UG Mineral Resources are reported using a silver metal price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb lead, and 1.30/lb zinc. The cut-off grade includes lead and zinc attributable metal and is calculated at 100/t. Metallurgical recoveries vary with grade and on average are 87 for silver. 
 (10) San Luis Mineral Resources are reported at silver price assumptions of 9.25/oz. The cut-off grade includes gold ounces and is 6.0 g/t gold equivalent. Silver process recovery is 90 . 
 (11) Pitarilla Open Pit Mineral Resources are reported at silver price assumptions of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. The cut-off grade includes attributable lead and zinc metal and the NSR cut-off values is 16.38 per tonnes (leach) or 16.40 per tonne flotation. Silver process recovery is 71.8 . 
 (12) Pitarilla UG Mineral Resources are reported at silver price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. The cut-off grade includes attributable lead and zinc metal and the NSR cut-off values is 80 per tonne. Silver process recovery is 72 . 
 (13) Amisk Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade that includes gold ounces and is 0.30 g/t gold equivalent. Silver process recovery is 80 . 
 89 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated lead resources reflecting only the resources attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Lead Resources December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Chinchillas (OP) (1) 
 Argentina 100 828 0.98 18.0 4,548 0.91 91.5 5,376 0.92 109.4 123 0.53 1.4 Pirquitas (UG) (2) 
 Argentina 100 79 0.20 0.3 2,555 0.02 1.1 2,634 0.02 1.4 1,080 0.1 907 0.92 18.3 7,103 0.59 92.6 8,010 0.63 110.8 1,203 0.05 1.5 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Resource are contained within a pit shell generated using an NSR cut-off of 33.20. Metallurgical recoveries vary based on the grade and on average are 98 for silver, 95 for lead and 63 for zinc. 
 (2) Piriquitas UG Mineral Resources are contained within underground mining shapes based on an NSR cut-off on 90- 100/t are reported using a silver metal price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead and 1.30/lb for zinc. Metallurgical recoveries vary with grade and on average are 50 for lead. 

90 

Lead Resources December 31, 2021 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Tonnes Grade Lead Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Chinchillas (OP) (1) 
 Argentina 100 1,110 0.86 21.0 4,904 0.88 95.6 6,013 0.88 116.6 165 0.48 1.8 Pirquitas (UG) (2) 
 Argentina 100 79 0.20 0.3 2,555 0.02 0.9 2,634 0.02 1.2 1,080 0.1 Pitarilla (OP) (3) 
 Mexico 100 12,345 0.70 190.0 147,016 0.32 1,040.4 159,361 0.35 1,230.4 8,524 0.18 32.9 Pitarilla (UG) (4) 
 Mexico 100 5,430 0.68 81.4 5,430 0.68 81.4 1,230 0.89 24.1 13,534 0.71 211.3 159,905 0.34 1,218.3 173,438 0.37 1,429.6 10,999 0.25 58.9 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Resource are contained within a pit shell generated using an NSR cut-off of 33.20. Metallurgical recoveries vary based on the grade and on average are 98 for silver, 95 for lead and 63 for zinc. 
 (2) Piriquitas UG Mineral Resources are contained within underground mining shapes based on an NSR cut-off on 90- 100/t are reported using a silver metal price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead and 1.30/lb for zinc. Metallurgical recoveries vary with grade and on average are 50 for lead. 
 (3) Pitarilla Open Pit Mineral Resources are reported using a silver price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. The cut-off grade includes silver and zinc metal and the NSR cut-off values is 16.38 per tonnes (leach) or 16.40 per tonne flotation. Lead process recovery is 68 . 
 (4) Pitarilla UG Mineral Resources are reported using a silver price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. The cut-off grade includes silver and zinc metal and the NSR cut-off values is 80 per tonne. Lead process recovery is 68 . 

91 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated zinc resources reflecting only the resources attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Zinc Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Chinchillas (OP) (1) 
 Argentina 100 828 0.26 4.8 4,548 0.17 17.5 5,376 0.19 22.3 123 0.09 0.3 Pirquitas (UG) (2) 
 Argentina 100 79 1.17 2.0 2,555 4.56 256.8 2,634 4.46 258.9 1,080 7.45 177.4 907 0.34 6.8 7,103 1.75 274.3 8,010 1.59 281.2 1,203 6.70 177.7 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Resources are calculated using a NSR cut off value of 33.20 that includes silver and lead attributable metal. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 for silver, 95 for lead and 63 for zinc. 
 (2) Piriquitas UG Mineral Resources are contained within underground mining shapes based on an NSR cut-off on 90- 100/t are reported using a silver metal price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. Metallurgical recoveries vary with grade and on average are 85 for zinc. 

92 

Zinc Resources as of December 31, 2021 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Tonnes Grade Zinc Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) Chinchillas (OP) (1) 
 Argentina 100 1,110 0.31 7.6 4,904 0.19 20.5 6,013 0.21 28.0 165 0.16 0.6 Pirquitas (UG) (2) 
 Argentina 100 79 1.17 2.0 2,555 4.56 256.8 2,634 4.46 258.9 1,080 7.45 177.4 Pitarilla (OP) (3) 
 Mexico 100 12,345 1.22 333.1 147,016 0.87 2,803.6 159,361 0.89 3,136.7 8,524 0.58 108.2 Pitarilla (UG) (4) 
 Mexico 100 5,430 1.34 160.4 5,430 1.34 160.4 1,230 1.25 33.9 13,534 1.15 342.7 159,904 0.92 3,241.3 173,438 0.94 3,584.0 10,999 1.32 320.1 
 (1) Chinchillas Mineral Resources are calculated using a NSR cut off value of 33.20 that includes silver and lead attributable metal. The average recovery is estimated to be 98 for silver, 93 for lead and 63 for zinc. 
 (2) Piriquitas UG Mineral Resources are contained within underground mining shapes based on an NSR cut-off on 90- 100/t are reported using a silver metal price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. Metallurgical recoveries vary with grade and on average are 85 for zinc. 
 (3) Pitarilla Open Pit Mineral Resources are reported using a silver price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. The cut-off grade includes silver and lead metal and the NSR cut-off values is 16.38 per tonnes (leach) or 16.40 per tonne flotation. Zinc process recovery is 72 . 
 (4) Pitarilla UG Mineral Resources are reported using a silver price of 20.00/oz, 1.10/lb for lead, and 1.30/lb for zinc. The cut-off grade includes silver and lead metal and the NSR cut-off values is 80 per tonne. Zinc process recovery is 72 . 

93 

The following tables summarize the Company's estimated copper resources reflecting only the resources attributable to SSR Mining's ownership or economic interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of its production and exploration assets: 
 Copper Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
 T rkiye 80 2,598 0.03 1.5 68,368 0.15 222.8 70,966 0.14 224.3 82,394 0.13 228.4 2,598 0.03 1.5 68,368 0.15 222.8 70,966 0.14 224.3 82,394 0.13 228.4 
 (1) pler Mineral Resources include resources from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension and Bayramdere. 
 (2) Mineral Resources shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR owns 80 in both Anagold and Kartaltepe licenses. Cakmaktepe, Bayramdere and part of akmaktepe Extension fall within Kartaltepe license. 
 (3) All Mineral Resources for pler were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual pit shells 1,400/oz for gold and 19.00/oz for silver for Bayramdere). 
 (4) Oxide definitions: At pler, oxide is defined as material 0.10 ). There is no sulfide material at akmaktepe or Bayramdere. 
 (6) Mineral Resources are reported at the variable gold cut-off grades based on different metallurgical parameters: oxide cut-off grades 0.19-0.76 g/t gold, sulfide cut-off uses an NSR value in /t based on a gold price of 1,750/oz, silver price of 22.00/oz, and copper price of 3.95/lb with allowances for payability, deductions, transport, and royalties. 
 (7) Copper oxide recoveries are 2 and sulphide recoveries are 65 . 

94 

Copper Resources as of December 31, 2021 
 Measured Indicated Measured and Indicated Inferred SSR Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Tonnes Grade Copper Deposit Country Share (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) (kt) ) (Mlbs) pler (OP) (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
 T rkiye 76 2,467 0.02 1.0 68,887 0.16 238.0 71,354 0.15 239.0 79,650 0.13 228.0 2,467 0.02 1.0 68,887 0.16 238.0 71,354 0.15 239.0 79,650 0.13 228.0 
 (1) pler Mineral Resources include resources from pler Mine, Cakmaktepe, akmaktepe Extension and Bayramdere. 
 (2) Mineral Resources shown are SSR ownership share only. SSR Ownership is an average based on location of Mineral Resources (gold) relative to licenses: pler and part of akmaktepe Extension are on Anagold 80:20 ground on which SSR holds 80 rights, and akmaktepe, Bayramdere and the remainder of akmaktepe Extension are on Kartaltepe 50:50 ground on which SSR holds 50 rights. Total ownership percentages are weighted averages. 
 (3) All Mineral Resources for pler were assessed for reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction by reporting only material that fell within conceptual pit shells 1,400/oz for gold and 19.00/oz for silver for Bayramdere). 
 (4) Oxide definitions: At pler, oxide is defined as material 0.10 ). There is no sulfide material at akmaktepe or Bayramdere. 
 (6) Mineral Resources are reported at the variable gold cut-off grades based on different metallurgical parameters: oxide cut-off grades 0.19-0.76 g/t gold, sulfide cut-off uses an NSR value in /t based on a gold price of 1,750/oz, silver price of 22.00/oz, and copper price of 3.95/lb with allowances for payability, deductions, transport, and royalties. 
 (7) Copper oxide recoveries are 2 and sulphide recoveries are 65 . 
 
 95 

Operating Statistics 
 The following tables summarize operating statistics related to production of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 pler Marigold Seabee Puna Gold produced (oz) 191,366 194,668 136,125 Gold sold (oz) 192,811 195,617 133,500 Silver produced ('000 oz) 8,397 Silver sold ('000 oz) 7,864 Lead produced ('000 lb) 41,004 Lead sold ('000 lb) 38,393 Zinc produced ('000 lb) 8,583 Zinc sold ('000 lb) 6,998 Ore mined (kt) 3,161 18,061 425 1,851 Waste removed (kt) 17,311 72,166 291 8,634 Total material mined (kt) 20,472 90,227 716 10,485 Ore stacked - oxide (kt) 459 18,061 Gold grade stacked - oxide (g/t) 1.06 0.56 Ore milled (kt) 2,068 414 1,638 Gold mill feed grade (g/t) 2.86 10.36 Gold recovery ) 87.0 98.0 Silver mill feed grade (g/t) 166.7 Lead mill feed grade ) 1.23 Zinc mill feed grade ) 0.49 Silver recovery ) 95.7 Lead recovery ) 92.3 Zinc recovery ) 48.7 
 
 96 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 pler Marigold Seabee Puna Gold produced (oz) 329,276 235,282 118,888 Gold sold (oz) 333,761 236,847 118,746 Silver produced ('000 oz) 8,010 Silver sold ('000 oz) 7,810 Lead produced ('000 lb) 37,695 Lead sold ('000 lb) 33,378 Zinc produced ('000 lb) 13,642 Zinc sold ('000 lb) 10,751 Ore mined (kt) 9,750 19,999 384 1,449 Waste removed (kt) 15,015 79,885 272 9,594 Total material mined (kt) 24,765 99,884 656 11,043 Ore stacked - oxide (kt) 1,786 19,999 Gold grade stacked - oxide (g/t) 1.24 0.41 Ore milled (kt) 2,325 382 1,643 Gold mill feed grade (g/t) 3.71 9.92 Gold recovery ) 91.0 98.4 Silver mill feed grade (g/t) 158.0 Lead mill feed grade ) 1.12 Zinc mill feed grade ) 0.57 Silver recovery ) 95.8 Lead recovery ) 93.0 Zinc recovery ) 65.6 
 97 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 pler Marigold Seabee Puna Gold produced (oz) 102,616 234,443 81,686 Gold sold (oz) 108,283 229,892 75,600 Silver produced ('000 oz) 5,581 Silver sold ('000 oz) 4,411 Lead produced ('000 lb) 17,193 Lead sold ('000 lb) 14,179 Zinc produced ('000 lb) 6,988 Zinc sold ('000 lb) 5,111 Ore mined (kt) 2,535 23,556 256 817 Waste removed (kt) 5,573 62,038 219 4,879 Total material mined (kt) 8,108 85,594 475 5,696 Ore stacked - oxide (kt) 1,413 23,556 Gold grade stacked - oxide (g/t) 1.20 0.39 Ore milled (kt) 669 255 1,118 Gold mill feed grade (g/t) 3.62 10.10 Gold recovery ) 91.0 98.4 Silver mill feed grade (g/t) 164.0 Lead mill feed grade ) 0.77 Zinc mill feed grade ) 0.51 Silver recovery ) 94.6 Lead recovery ) 90.2 Zinc recovery ) 55.5 
 98 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries have become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of operations in the normal course of business, including challenges to permits and approvals granted to the Company by various governmental or other regulatory bodies. Information regarding legal proceedings is contained in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 The Company is required to report certain mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, and that required information is included in Exhibit 95 to this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The Company s common shares are listed under the ticker symbol SSRM on the Toronto Stock Exchange and Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Company s CDIs are listed under the ticker symbol SSR on ASX. As of January 31, 2023, there were approximately 1,236 holders of record of the Company's common shares without par value, and approximately 3,315 holders of record of the Company's CDIs. 
 
 On June 20, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized, and the Company received approval from the TSX to initiate, a new Normal Course Issuer Bid (the "2022 NCIB") permitting the Company to purchase for cancellation up to 10,600,000 common shares of the Company, representing approximately 5.0 of the total issued and outstanding common shares, during the twelve-month period beginning June 20, 2022 and ending June 19, 2023. In connection with the 2022 NCIB, the Company has entered into an automatic share purchase plan with a designated broker (the ASPP ). The ASPP is intended to allow for the purchase of Common Shares under the NCIB at times when it would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions and customary self-imposed blackout periods. Through the end of December 2022, common shares were purchased under the 2022 NCIB via open market purchases through the facilities of the TSX and Nasdaq at a weighted average price paid per common share of for approximately million. No shares were purchased in September 2022 or the fourth quarter of 2022 under the 2022 NCIB. 
 On April 20, 2022, the Company's previous Normal Course Issuer Bid expired, which commenced on April 21, 2021 (the 2021 NCIB ). Under the 2021 NCIB, the Company was authorized to purchase for cancellation up to 10,000,000 common shares of the Company. SSR Mining purchased and cancelled 8,800,700 common shares via open market purchases through the facilities of the TSX and the Nasdaq at a weighted average price paid per common share of US 16.82 for US 148.1 million. 
 The following table summarizes purchases by the Company or an affiliated purchaser of the Company s equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) October 1 - October 31 4,546,874 November 1 - November 30 (4) 4,546,874 December 1 - December 31 (4) 4,546,874 
 (1) The total number of shares purchase (and the average price paid per share) reflects shares purchased pursuant to the 2022 NCIB. No shares were purchased in October, November or December pursuant to the 2022 NCIB. 
 99 

(2) The Company's Board of Directors authorized the 2022 NCIB, under which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 10,600,000 common shares. The program commenced June 20, 2022 and on August 16, 2022, the Company had repurchased the maximum value of shares authorized by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 On February 17, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved its inaugural quarterly dividend payment of 0.05 per common share that was paid on March 31, 2021 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 5, 2021. The quarterly dividend payment was subsequently increased to 0.07 per common share as approved by the Company's Board of Directors on February 22, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared and paid cash dividends of 0.28 per common share in the aggregate amount o f 58.8 milli on. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be made based on the Company s financial position and other factors relevant at the time. The Company expects to declare comparable cash dividends in the future, with increases to the amount of cash dividends declared as possible based on the Company's financial position going forward. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the performance of our common shares during the period beginning December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022 to the S P 500 and the S P 500 Gold Index. The graph assumes a 100 investment in our common shares and in each of the indexes since the beginning of the period, and a reinvestment of dividends paid on such investments on a quarterly basis throughout the period. 

12/31/2017 
 12/31/2018 
 12/31/2019 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2022 
 SSR Mining Inc. 100.00 137.54 219.11 228.78 203.99 183.62 S P/TSX Global Gold Index 100.00 95.57 133.68 161.37 149.38 142.12 S P 500 Gold (Sub Ind) 100.00 92.35 118.69 163.60 169.42 128.94 
 The share performance information above is furnished and shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or subject to Rule 14A of the Exchange Act, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report and 
 100 

irrespective of any general incorporation by reference language in any such filing, except to the extent that it specifically incorporates the information by reference. 
 
 Exchange Controls 
 Canada has no system of exchange controls. There are no Canadian restrictions on the repatriation of capital or earnings of a Canadian public company to non-resident investors. There are no laws in Canada or exchange restrictions affecting the remittance of dividends, profits, interest, royalties and other payments to non-resident holders of the Company s securities, except as discussed in Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations below. 
 There are no limitations under the laws of Canada or in the organizing documents of the Company on the right of foreigners to hold or vote securities of the Company, except that the Investment Canada Act may require review and approval by the Minister of Industry (Canada) of certain acquisitions of control of the Company by a non-Canadian. Non-Canadian generally means an individual who is not a Canadian citizen, or a corporation, partnership, trust or joint venture that is ultimately controlled by non-Canadians. 
 
 Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders 
 There may be material U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders in relation to an acquisition or disposition of common shares or other securities of the Company. U.S. holders should consult their own legal, accounting and tax advisors regarding such tax consequences under United States, state, local or foreign tax law regarding the acquisition or disposition of our common shares or other securities, in particular the tax consequences if the Company becomes a passive foreign investment company (commonly known as a PFIC within the meaning of Section 1297 of the United States Internal Revenue Code. 
 U.S. Resident Holders whose shares are taxable Canadian property should consult their own tax advisors. 
 
 Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 This summary is applicable to a holder or prospective purchaser of common shares who, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any applicable treaty and at all relevant times, is not (and is not deemed to be) resident in Canada, does not (and is not deemed to) use or hold the common shares in, or in the course of, carrying on a business in Canada, and is not an insurer that carries on an insurance business in Canada and elsewhere. 
 This summary is based on the current provisions of the Income Tax Act (Canada), the regulations thereunder, all specific proposals to amend such Act and regulations publicly announced by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (Canada) prior to the date hereof and the Company s understanding of the administrative policies and assessing practices published in writing by the Canada Revenue Agency prior to the date hereof. This summary does not otherwise take into account any change in law or administrative policy or assessing practice, whether by judicial, governmental, legislative or administrative decision or action, nor does it take into account other federal or provincial, territorial or foreign tax consequences, which may vary from the Canadian federal income tax considerations described herein. 
 Currency Conversion 
 For the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada), all amounts relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of common shares, including dividends and proceeds of disposition must be determined in CAD based on the daily exchange rate of the Bank of Canada on the particular day, or such other rate of exchange as acceptable to the CRA. 
 Dividends on Common Shares 
 Canadian withholding tax at a rate of 25.0 (subject to reduction under the provisions of any applicable tax treaty) will be payable on dividends (or amounts paid or credited on account or in lieu of payment of, or in satisfaction of, dividends) paid or credited to a holder of common shares. Under the Canada - U.S. Income Tax Convention (1980), as amended (the Canada - U.S. Income Tax Treaty ), the withholding tax rate is reduced to 15.0 for a holder who is entitled to the benefits of the Canada - U.S. Income Tax Treaty and who is the beneficial owner of the dividends (or to 5.0 if the holder is a company that owns at least 10.0 of the common shares). 
 101 

Capital Gains and Losses 
 Subject to the provisions of any relevant tax treaty, capital gains realized by a holder on the disposition or deemed disposition of common shares held as capital property will not be subject to Canadian tax unless the common shares are taxable Canadian property (as defined in the Income Tax Act (Canada)), in which case the capital gains will be subject to Canadian tax at rates which will approximate those payable by a Canadian resident. Common shares generally will not be taxable Canadian property to a holder provided that, at the time of the disposition or deemed disposition, the common shares are listed on a designated stock exchange (which currently includes the NYSE) unless at any time within the 60 month period immediately preceding such time (a) any combination of (i) such holder, (ii) persons with whom such holder did not deal at arm s length or (iii) a partnership in which such holder or any such persons holds a membership interest either directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships, owned 25.0 or more of the issued shares of any class or series of shares of the Company and (b) more than 50 of the fair market value of the common shares was derived directly or indirectly from one or any combination of (i) real or immovable property situated in Canada, (ii) Canadian resource properties, (iii) timber resource properties, and (iv) options in respect of, or interests in, or for civil law rights in, property described in any of paragraphs (i) to (iii), whether or not the property exists. In certain circumstances set out in the Income Tax Act (Canada), the common shares may be deemed to be taxable Canadian property. Under the Canada - U.S. Income Tax Treaty, a holder who is entitled to the benefits of the Canada - U.S. Income Tax Treaty and to whom the common shares are taxable, Canadian property will not be subject to Canadian tax on the disposition or deemed disposition of the common shares unless at the time of disposition or deemed disposition, the value of the common shares is derived principally from real property situated in Canada. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 
 
 102 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of SSR Mining Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company ). The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures in this MD for a description of each of these measures, please see the discussion under "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis herein. This item should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report. 
 The following MD A discusses the Company's consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the years ended 2022 and 2021 and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the year ended 2020 and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are included in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company revised the previously reported caption of Production costs to Cost of sales within its Consolidated Statements of Operations to provide a more accurate description of the costs and align with commonly used terminology by industry participants. Cost of sales does not include depreciation, depletion and amortization. No changes were made to the accounting policies or previously reported amounts. 
 
 Overview 
 SSR Mining is a precious metals mining company with four producing assets located in the United States, T rkiye, Canada and Argentina. The Company is primarily engaged in the operation, acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal resource properties located in T rkiye and the Americas. The Company produces gold dor as well as silver and lead and zinc concentrates. The Company s diversified asset portfolio is comprised of high-margin, long-life assets located in some of the world's most prolific metal districts. 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of an additional 30.0 ownership in Kartaltepe Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Kartaltepe from joint venture partner Lidya Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret A. Lidya for total consideration of 150.0 million in cash. The Company previously owned 50 of Kartaltepe and accounted for the investment as an equity method investment. Upon completion of the transaction, the Company now owns 80 and will consolidate Kartaltepe. For further information regarding this transaction, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 At the end of the second quarter of 2022, T rkiye s Ministry of Environment, Urbanization and Climate Change Ministry of Environment temporarily suspended operations at the pler mine pending implementation of improvement initiatives requested as a result of a leak of leach solution on June 21, 2022. The Company completed these initiatives and received the required regulatory approvals from T rkiye s Government authorities on September 22, 2022 and all operations were restarted at the pler mine. During the temporary suspension, Care and maintenance expense was recorded in the Statements of Operations which represents direct costs and depreciation incurred at pler. 
 On July 6, 2022, the Company completed the sale of the Pitarrilla project in Durango, Mexico to Endeavour Silver Corp. ("Endeavour Silver") for consideration consisting of 35.0 million (1)1 in common shares of Endeavor Silver, 35.0 million in cash, and a 1.25 net smelter returns royalty on the Pitarrilla property. For further information, see Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Taiga Gold Corp. Taiga Gold at a price of CAD 0.265 per Taiga Gold share on April 14, 2022, representing total consideration of 24.8 million. The transaction materially expands the Company s presence in Saskatchewan, Canada, a core jurisdiction, by adding five new properties, which provide new exploration targets stretching south from the Seabee mine to the Company s 100 -owned Amisk property. Further, the acquisition consolidates a 100 interest in the Fisher property contiguous to the Seabee mine. The Company will leverage its existing teams and infrastructure to advance the exploration of these assets. 
 On October 21, 2021, the Company completed the sale of a portfolio of 16 royalties and various deferred consideration interests in T rkiye and the Americas (the "Royalty Portfolio") to EMX Royalty Corporation 
 
 1 The fair value of the common shares of Endeavour Silver on July 6, 2022 was 25.6 million. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 103 

EMX ). The Company received total consideration of 33.0 million in cash and 34.5 million in equity (12.3 million common shares at 2.80 per share). In addition, the Company will receive up to 34.0 million in contingent cash payments payable upon completion of certain milestones related to the Yenipazar project. For further information, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On September 16, 2020, the Company completed the business acquisition of Alacer Gold Corp. ("Alacer"). The Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Alacer for total consideration of 2,180 million. The financial information included in the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to the same periods in 2019, includes the results of the pler operation since September 16, 2020. For further information, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 A summary of the Company's consolidated financial and operating results for the years ended December 31, are presented below (in thousands): 
 104 

Years Ended December 31, Change 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 ) 
 2021 ) 
 Financial Results Revenue 1,148,033 1,474,199 853,089 (22.1) 72.8 Cost of sales (1) 
 607,942 671,374 444,538 (9.4) 51.0 Operating income 190,268 444,375 188,275 (57.2) 136.0 Net income 210,428 425,922 157,162 (50.6) 171.0 Net income attributable to equity holders of SSR Mining 194,140 368,076 151,535 (47.3) 142.9 Basic net income per share attributable to equity holders of SSR Mining 0.92 1.70 1.00 (45.9) 70.0 Adjusted attributable net income (2) 
 144,814 401,757 193,401 (64.0) 107.7 Adjusted basic attributable net income per share (2) 
 0.69 1.86 1.28 (62.9) 45.3 Adjusted diluted attributable net income per share (2) 
 0.67 1.78 1.21 (62.4) 47.1 Operating Results Gold produced (oz) 522,159 683,446 418,745 (23.6) 63.2 Gold sold (oz) 521,928 689,354 413,775 (24.3) 66.6 Silver produced ('000 oz) 8,397 8,010 5,581 4.8 43.5 Silver sold ('000 oz) 7,864 7,810 4,411 0.7 77.1 Lead produced ('000 lb) (3) 
 41,004 37,695 17,193 8.8 119.2 Lead sold ('000 lb) (3) 
 38,393 33,378 14,179 15.0 135.4 Zinc produced ('000 lb) (3) 
 8,583 13,642 6,988 (37.1) 95.2 Zinc sold ('000 lb) (3) 
 6,998 10,751 5,111 (34.9) 110.4 Gold equivalent produced (oz) (4) 
 623,819 794,456 484,153 (21.5) 64.1 Gold equivalent sold (oz) (4) 
 617,135 797,602 465,471 (22.6) 71.4 Average realized gold price /oz sold) 1,811 1,800 1,812 0.6 (0.7) Average realized silver price /oz sold) 19.58 22.92 21.23 (14.6) 8.0 Cost of sales per gold equivalent ounce sold (1) 
 985 842 955 17.0 (11.8) Cash cost per gold equivalent ounce sold (2, 4) 
 928 698 814 33.0 (14.3) AISC per gold equivalent ounce sold (2, 4) 
 1,339 955 1,193 40.2 (19.9) 
 (1) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (2) The Company reports non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted attributable net income, adjusted basic attributable net income per share, cash costs and AISC per ounce sold to manage and evaluate its operating performance at its mines. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of these financial measures and a reconciliation of these financial measures to net income and cost of sales, which are the comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 (3) Data for lead production and sales relate only to lead in lead concentrate. Data for zinc production and sales relate only to zinc in zinc concentrate. 
 (4) Gold equivalent ounces are calculated using the silver ounces produced or sold multiplied by the ratio of the silver price to the gold price, using the average London Bullion Market Association LBMA prices for the period. The Company does not include copper, lead, or zinc as they are considered by-products. 
 105 

Revenue 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue decreased by 326.2 million, or 22.1 , to 1,148.0 million as compared to 1,474.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly due to a 22.6 decrease in gold equivalent ounces sold. At pler, gold sales decreased 248.1 million, or 41.3 , due to the temporary suspension of operations during the third quarter of 2022. At Marigold, gold sales decreased 77.6 million, or 18.2 , as a result of fewer ounces leached due to slower leaching caused by fines in the ore from the north pits. At Seabee, gold sales increased 30.8 million as the result of high mill feed grade, increasing ounces sold by 12.4 which was slightly offset by a 14.4 decrease in the average realized gold price. At Puna, sales decreased 26.6 million, or 11.8 , primarily due to a 14.6 decrease in the average realized silver price. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales decreased by 63.4 million, or 9.4 , to 607.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 671.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. pler cost of sales decreased 75.1 million, or 28.3 , due to the temporary suspension of operations during the third quarter of 2022. Costs of sales at Marigold decreased 13.0 million, or 5.9 , due to 17.4 fewer ounces sold, partially offset by higher fuel costs. Cost of sales at Seabee increased 8.3 million, or 12.5 , due to a 12.4 increase in gold ounces sold. At Puna, cost of sales increased 16.3 million, or 13.5 , primarily due to increased cost pressures for fuel, electricity, and reagents in Argentina. 
 106 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 ) 
 2021 ) 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 000s) 
 
 181,447 
 227,959 
 109,258 (20.4) 108.6 Gold equivalent ounces sold 617,135 797,602 465,471 (22.6) 71.4 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization per gold equivalent ounce sold 
 
 294 
 286 
 235 2.8 21.7 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense decreased by 46.5 million, or 20.4 , to 181.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 228.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in gold equivalent ounces sold as a result of the temporary suspension of operations at pler. Depreciation and amortization expense during the temporary suspension of operations at pler were included in Care and maintenance. 
 General and administrative expense 
 General and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 71.7 million as compared to 56.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 15.1 million. General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to a 9.1 million increase in salary and consulting expenses, and a 5.2 million increase in travel and computer expenses. 
 Exploration, evaluation and reclamation costs 
 Exploration, evaluation, and reclamation costs increased by 10.5 million to 52.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 42.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to 9.2 million for more exploration drilling and a 1.2 million increase in accretion expense compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Care and maintenance 
 Care and maintenance expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 41.8 million. Care and maintenance expense incurred during 2022 represents direct costs and depreciation incurred at pler during the temporary suspension of operations. 
 Impairment of long-lived and other assets 
 There was no impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 20.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company recognized an impairment loss related to the Royalty Portfolio sold on October 21, 2021, based on the difference between the carrying amount of the assets within the Royalty Portfolio, and the estimated net transaction price. 
 Other operating expenses, net 
 Other operating expenses, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.1 million as compared to 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The expenses incurred during 2022 were transaction costs related to the sale of the Pitarrilla project. The expenses incurred during 2021 related to the integration activities following the 2020 merger with Alacer and costs for the transition from a foreign private issuer to a domestic filer under SEC reporting requirements. 
 Gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe 
 Gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe in the 2022 year was 81.9 million. The gain represents the difference between: (i) the fair value of consideration paid, the fair value of the noncontrolling interests, and the reported amount of the previously held 50 interest and (ii) the total amount of the net assets recognized at fair value. 
 Other income (expense) 
 Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 20.3 million as compared to expense of 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 34.4 million. The change is primarily due to an increase in 
 107 

interest and other finance income of 14.4 million earned principally through its investments, which consisted primarily of short-term investments and money market funds during 2022 and an increase in the gain on marketable securities of 14.8 million. 
 Foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 Foreign exchange loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 32.5 million compared to a gain of 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company's main foreign exchange exposures are related to net monetary assets and liabilities denominated in TRY, ARS and CAD. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the foreign exchange loss was mainly due to a weakening of the ARS against the USD and its impact on ARS-denominated assets at Puna, weakening of the TRY against the USD and its impact on TRY-denominated assets at pler, and weakening of the CAD against the USD and its impact on CAD-denominated assets at Seabee. 
 Income and mining tax benefit (expense) 
 Income and mining tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 30.1 million as compared to a benefit of 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in tax expense was primarily as a result of less devaluation of TRY relative to the USD, increased withholding taxes on dividends and an uncertain tax position. 
 108 

Results of Operations 

pler, T rkiye 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 
 Operating Data 2022 2021 2020 (1) 
 2022 ) 
 2021 ) 
 Gold produced (oz) 
 191,366 329,276 102,616 (41.9) 220.9 Gold sold (oz) 192,811 333,761 108,283 (42.2) 208.2 Average realized gold price /oz sold) 1,826 
 1,800 1,887 1.4 (4.6) Cost of sales (2) 
 189,825 264,889 121,614 (28.3) 117.8 Cost of sales /oz gold sold) (2) 
 985 794 1,123 24.1 (29.3) Cash costs /oz gold sold) (3) 
 969 
 578 623 67.6 (7.2) AISC /oz gold sold) (3) 
 1,328 
 713 749 86.3 (4.8) 
 (1) The operating data presented in this column represents the period from September 16, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the period for which the Company was entitled to the economic benefits of pler following the Company's acquisition of Alacer. 
 (2) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (3) The Company reports the non-GAAP financial measures of cash costs and AISC per ounce of gold sold to manage and evaluate operating performance at pler. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of these financial measures and a reconciliation to cost of sales, which are the comparable GAAP financial measure. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash costs and AISC per ounce of gold sold include the impact of any fair value adjustment on acquired inventories. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, cash costs and AISC per ounce of gold sold exclude the impact of any fair value adjustment on acquired inventories. 
 
 Production and Cost of sales 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, pler produced 191,366 and 329,276 ounces of gold, respectively. Cost of sales per ounce of gold sold for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 985 and 794 respectively, an increase of 24.1 . Lower production and cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 are due to the temporary suspension of operations that occurred in the third quarter of 2022. Additionally, the cost of sales per ounce was impacted by higher electricity and sulfuric acid unit costs. 
 
 Cash Costs 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash costs per ounce of gold sold were 969 and 578, respectively. The increase was mainly due to a higher strip ratio of 84.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 60.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition to the higher strip ratio, higher reagent and electricity unit costs occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to same period in 2021. 
 
 AISC 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, AISC per ounce of gold sold were 1,328 and 713, respectively. The increases are due to 42.2 fewer gold ounces sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to same period in 2021 as a result of the temporary suspension of operations that occurred for the majority of the third quarter of 2022 in addition to the increase in cash costs per ounce. 

109 

Marigold, USA 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 
 Operating Data 2022 2021 2020 2022 ) 
 2021 ) 
 Gold produced (oz) 194,668 235,282 234,443 (17.3) 0.4 Gold sold (oz) 195,617 236,847 229,892 (17.4) 3.0 Average realized gold price /oz sold) 
 1,747 1,763 1,783 (0.9) (1.1) Cost of sales (1) 
 
 206,014 219,035 216,358 (5.9) 1.2 Cost of sales /oz gold sold) (1) 
 
 1,053 925 941 13.8 (1.7) Cash costs /oz gold sold) (2) 
 
 1,056 926 938 14.0 (1.3) AISC /oz gold sold) (2) 
 
 1,378 1,187 1,205 16.1 (1.5) 
 (1) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (2) The Company reports the non-GAAP financial measures of cash costs and AISC per ounce of gold sold to manage and evaluate operating performance at Marigold. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of these financial measures and a reconciliation to production costs, which are the comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Production and Cost of sales 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Marigold produced 194,668 and 235,282 ounces of gold, respectively. The production decrease in 2022 was primarily the result of slower leaching due to fines in the ore from the north pits. 
 Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 206.0 million, a 5.9 decrease as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of sales were lower due to fewer ounces sold, partially offset by higher cost of sales per ounce. Cost of sales per ounce sold were 13.8 higher due to higher fuel and reagent costs for ounces placed on the leach pad in the period. 
 
 Cash Costs 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash costs per ounce of gold sold were 1,056 and 926, respectively. The increase in cash cost per ounce are the result of the increase in cost of sales per ounce due to higher fuel and reagent costs. 
 
 AISC 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, AISC per ounce of gold sold were 1,378 and 1,187, respectively. The increase is mainly due to the increase in cash costs per ounce from fewer ounces sold as well as higher sustaining capital related to dewatering and leach pad construction costs, partially offset by lower componentization costs. 

110 

Seabee, Canada 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 
 Operating Data 2022 2021 2020 2022 ) 
 2021 ) 
 Gold produced (oz) 136,125 118,888 81,686 14.5 45.5 Gold sold (oz) 133,500 118,746 75,600 12.4 57.1 Average realized gold price /oz sold) 
 1,795 
 1,800 
 1,790 (0.3) 0.6 Cost of sales (1) 
 
 74,679 
 66,354 
 40,575 12.5 63.5 Cost of sales /oz gold sold) (1) 
 
 559 
 559 
 537 4.1 Cash costs /oz sold) (2) 
 561 521 522 7.7 (0.2) AISC /oz sold) (2) 
 823 804 1,110 2.4 (27.6) 
 (1) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (2) The Company reports the non-GAAP financial measures of cash costs and AISC per ounce of gold sold to manage and evaluate operating performance at Seabee. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of these financial measures and a reconciliation to cost of sales, which are the comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Production and Cost of sales 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Seabee produced 136,125 ounces of gold, a 14.5 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher mill feed grade and increased mine and mill productivity levels. 
 Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 74.7 million, a 12.5 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to higher gold ounces sold, and the cost of sales per ounce sold was consistent year over year. 
 
 Cash Costs 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash costs per ounce of gold sold were 561 and 521, respectively. The increase is mainly due to inflationary cost pressures, operational and equipment maintenance costs, and increased utilization of contractors for higher production. 
 
 AISC 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, AISC per ounce was 823, a 2.4 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to the increase in cash costs per ounce, and was partially offset by lower sustaining capital per ounce. 
 111 

Puna, Argentina 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 
 Operating Data 2022 2021 2020 2022 ) 
 2021 ) 
 Silver produced ('000 oz) 8,397 8,010 5,581 4.8 43.5 Silver sold ('000 oz) 7,864 7,810 4,411 0.7 77.1 Lead produced ('000 lb) 41,004 37,695 17,193 8.8 119.2 Lead sold ('000 lb) 38,393 33,378 14,179 15.0 135.4 Zinc produced ('000 lb) 8,583 13,642 6,988 (37.1) 95.2 Zinc sold ('000 lb) 6,998 10,751 5,111 (34.9) 110.4 Gold equivalent sold ('000 oz) (1) 
 95,207 108,248 51,696 (12.0) 109.4 Average realized silver price /oz) 
 19.58 22.92 21.23 (14.6) 8.0 Cost of sales (2) 
 
 137,424 121,096 65,991 13.5 83.5 Cost of sales /oz silver sold) (2) 
 
 17.48 15.51 14.96 12.7 3.7 Cost of sales /oz gold equivalent sold) (2) 
 1,443 1,119 1,277 29.0 (12.4) Cash costs /oz silver sold) (3) 
 
 13.23 10.56 12.72 25.3 (17.0) Cash costs /oz gold equivalent sold) 
 
 1,093 762 1,085 43.4 (29.8) AISC /oz silver sold) (3) 
 
 15.50 12.40 18.56 25.0 (33.2) AISC /oz gold equivalent sold) 
 1,280 895 1,584 43.0 (43.5) 
 (1) Gold equivalent ounces are calculated using the silver ounces produced or sold multiplied by the ratio of the silver price to the gold price, using the average LBMA prices for the period. The Company does not include copper, lead, or zinc as they are considered by-products. 
 (2) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (3) The Company reports the non-GAAP financial measures of cash costs and AISC per ounce of silver sold to manage and evaluate operating performance at Puna. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of these financial measures and a reconciliation to cost of sales, which are the comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Production and Cost of sales 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Puna produced 8.4 million ounces of silver, a 4.8 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to higher silver feed grade as compared to the same period in 2021. Silver ounces sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 was within 1 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the timing of concentrate shipments. 
 Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 137.4 million, a 13.5 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of sales is primarily due to high inflationary pressure on inputs in Argentina, causing overall costs to increase. The key operating inputs impacted include materials and supplies, fuel costs and reagent prices. 

112 

Cash Costs 
 Cash costs per ounce of silver sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 13.23, a 25.3 increase as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to increased cost of sales, increased transportation costs due to higher prices for boat and container shipments, and lower by-product credits that offset costs. The lower by-product credits are related to lower zinc sales as the result of lower zinc feed grade and a lower zinc recovery rate. 
 
 AISC 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, AISC per ounce of silver sold was 15.50, a 25.0 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increases in AISC per ounce of silver sold is due to higher cash cost per ounce as well as higher sustaining exploration expense related to an increase in exploration drilling near Chinchillas. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company manages its liquidity risk through a rigorous planning, budgeting and forecasting process, which is reviewed and updated on a regular basis, to help determine the funding requirements to support its current operations, expansion and development plans, and by managing its capital structure. 
 The Company's objectives when managing capital are to invest in strategic growth initiatives, return cash to shareholders, and maintain balance sheet strength and flexibility. 
 In assessing capital structure, the Company includes the components of shareholders equity, the 2019 Notes, the Term Loan and the Amended Credit Agreement. In order to facilitate the management of capital requirements, the Company prepares annual budgets and continuously monitors and reviews actual and forecasted cash flows. The annual budget is monitored and approved by the Company's Board of Directors. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may, from time to time, issue new shares or debt, repay debt, dispose of non-core assets, or buy back shares. The Company expects its current capital resources will be sufficient to meet its business requirements for a minimum of twelve months. 
 Cash Dividends 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared and paid cash dividends of 0.28 per common share in the aggregate amount of 58.8 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we declared and paid cash dividends of 0.20 per common share in the aggregate amount of 43.2 million. 
 Share Repurchase Plan/ NCIB 
 On June 20, 2022 the Board of Directors authorized a Normal Course Issuer Bid under the requirements of the TSX (the 2022 NCIB to repurchase up to an aggregate of 10,600,000 common shares on the Nasdaq, the TSX and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems in Canada and/or the United States, if eligible, subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules. In connection with the 2022 NCIB, the Company entered into an automated share purchase plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled common shares of 6,053,126 for 100.0 million at a weighted average price paid per common share of 16.53. 
 On April 20, 2022, the Normal Course Issuer Bid established as of April 21, 2021 (the 2021 NCIB expired. Under the 2021 NCIB, the Company was authorized by the TSX to the purchase of up to 10,000,000 common shares. Under the 2021 plan, the Company purchased and cancelled 8,800,700 common shares via open market purchases through the facilities of the TSX and the Nasdaq at a weighted average price paid per common share of 16.82 and a total repurchase value of 148.1 million. 
 113 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 655.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 362.1 million from December 31, 2021, mainly due to cash used in the Company s investing and financing activities, and partially offset by cash flows generated by the Company's operations. Refer to the Cash flows part of the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of the MD A for additional detail of the Company's cash flow activities. The Company held 566.0 million of its cash and cash equivalents balance in USD. Additionally, the Company held cash and cash equivalents of 43.8 million, 23.1 million and 20.6 million in ARS, CAD and TRY, respectively. All cash is invested in short-term investments or high interest savings accounts in accordance with the Company's investment policy with maturities of 90 days or less, providing the Company with sufficient liquidity to meet its foreseeable capital needs. 
 Debt 
 As a result of the temporarily suspended operations at the pler mine during most of the third quarter of 2022, the Company was not in compliance with certain financial covenants in relation to the Term Loan as of September 30, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company received a waiver for the non-compliance event. The Company is in compliance with its financial covenants in relation to the Term Loan as of December 31, 2022. There were no other material changes to the Company s debt and revolving credit facilities except as noted in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company's working capital as of December 31, 2022, together with future cash flows from operations, are expected to be sufficient to fund planned activities and commitments. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes the Company's cash flow activity for year ended December 31: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 160,896 608,986 307,098 Cash (used in) provided by investing activities (236,282) (129,137) 240,423 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities (271,782) (319,769) (158,374) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (16,591) (3,136) 789 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (363,759) 156,944 389,936 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 1,052,865 895,921 505,985 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 689,106 1,052,865 895,921 
 Cash provided by operating activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 160.9 million compared to 609.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities is mainly due to the impact of lower gold sales at pler, due to the temporary suspension of operations, and lower sales at Marigold in addition to the net change in operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 114 

Cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 236.3 million compared to cash used in investing activities of 129.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities is mainly due to an increase in cash used for acquisitions of 170.1 million and the 2021 proceeds on Royalty Portfolio sale of 32.6 million, partially offset by lower additions to mineral properties, plant and equipment of 27.3 million, the 2022 proceeds from the sale of the Pitarrilla project of 35.1 million, increased proceeds from the sale of marketable securities of 24.2 million, and 2022 proceeds of 8.4 million related to the repayment of the EMX note receivable. 
 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in financing activities was 271.8 million compared to cash used in financing activities of 319.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 48.0 million in cash used in financing activities is mainly due to lower repurchase and cancellation of common shares under the NCIB of 48.1 million as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The Company enters into contracts in the normal course of business that give rise to commitments for future minimum payments. The following table summarizes the contractual obligations of the Company's financial liabilities, operating and capital commitments: 
 December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Current 
 Non-current 
 Total 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 203,583 203,583 Convertible notes (principal portion) 230,000 230,000 Term Loan and other debt (principal portion) 70,000 70,000 Interest payments on debt 5,618 5,618 Lease liabilities 5,847 119,404 125,251 Reclamation liabilities 10,075 153,972 164,047 Operating expenditure commitments 10,179 746 10,925 Capital expenditure commitments 11,329 11,329 Other 4,875 528 5,403 Total contractual obligations 
 321,506 504,650 826,156 
 The Company believes working capital as of December 31, 2022, together with future cash flows from operations, are sufficient to support its commitments through 2023. 
 
 115 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company has included certain non-GAAP financial measures to assist in understanding the Company's financial results. The non-GAAP financial measures are employed by the Company to measure its operating and economic performance and to assist in decision-making, as well as to provide key performance information to senior management. The Company believes that, in addition to conventional measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, certain investors and other stakeholders will find this information useful to evaluate the Company's operating and financial performance; however, these non-GAAP performance measures do not have any standardized meaning. These performance measures are intended to provide additional information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measure - Cash Costs and AISC 
 The Company uses cash costs per ounce of precious metals sold to monitor its operating performance internally. The most directly comparable measure prepared in accordance with GAAP is Cost of sales . The Company believes this measure provides investors and analysts with useful information about its underlying cash costs of operations and the impact of by-product credits on its cost structure. The Company also believes it is a relevant metric used to understand its operating profitability and ability to generate cash flow. When deriving the cost of sales associated with an ounce of precious metal, the Company includes by-product credits. Thereby allowing management and other stakeholders to assess the net costs of gold and silver production. In calculating cash costs per ounce, the Company also excludes the impact of specific items that are significant, but not reflective of its underlying operations, including the impact of measuring inventories at fair value in connection with business combinations. 
 AISC includes total Cost of sales incurred at the Company's mining operations, which forms the basis of cash costs. Additionally, the Company includes sustaining capital expenditures, sustaining mine-site exploration and evaluation costs, reclamation cost accretion and amortization, and general and administrative expenses. This measure seeks to reflect the ongoing cost of gold and silver production from current operations; therefore, expansionary capital and non-sustaining expenditures are excluded. Certain other cash expenditures, including tax payments and financing costs are also excluded. 
 The Company believes that AISC represents the total costs of producing gold and silver from current operations and provides the Company and other stakeholders with additional information about its operating performance and ability to generate cash flows. It allows the Company to assess its ability to support capital expenditures and to sustain future production from the generation of operating cash flows. 
 When deriving the number of ounces of precious metal sold, the Company considers the physical ounces available for sale after the treatment and refining process, commonly referred to as payable metal, as this is what is sold to third parties. 
 
 116 

The following tables provide a reconciliation of cost of sales to cash costs and AISC: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 
 pler Marigold Seabee Puna Corporate Total Cost of sales (GAAP) (1) 
 189,825 206,014 74,679 137,424 607,942 By-product credits (2,928) (125) (111) (48,124) (51,288) Treatment and refining charges 693 316 14,753 15,762 Cash costs (non-GAAP) 186,897 206,582 74,884 104,053 572,416 Sustaining capital expenditures 31,189 53,514 32,980 10,446 128,129 Sustaining exploration and evaluation expense 2,875 7,377 5,372 15,624 Care and maintenance (2) 
 31,067 31,067 Reclamation cost accretion and amortization 1,320 2,181 1,983 1,726 7,210 General and administrative expense and stock-based compensation expense 2,794 1 11 266 68,588 71,660 Total AISC (non-GAAP) 256,142 269,655 109,858 121,863 68,588 826,106 Gold sold (oz) 192,811 195,617 133,500 521,928 Silver sold (oz) 7,863,646 7,863,646 Gold equivalent sold (oz) (3)(4) 
 192,811 195,617 133,500 95,207 617,135 Cost of sales per gold equivalent ounce sold (1) 
 985 1,053 559 1,443 N/A 985 Cash cost per gold ounce sold 969 1,056 561 N/A N/A N/A Cash cost per silver ounce sold N/A N/A N/A 13.23 N/A N/A Cash cost per gold equivalent ounce sold 969 1,056 561 1,093 N/A 928 AISC per gold ounce sold 1,328 1,378 823 N/A N/A N/A AISC per silver ounce sold N/A N/A N/A 15.50 N/A N/A AISC per gold equivalent ounce sold 1,328 1,378 823 1,280 N/A 1,339 
 (1) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (2) Care and maintenance expense in the AISC calculation only includes direct costs, as depreciation is not included in the calculation of AISC. 
 (3) Gold equivalent ounces are calculated using the silver ounces produced or sold multiplied by the ratio of the silver price to the gold price, using the average LBMA prices for the period. The Company does not include copper, lead, or zinc as they are considered by-products. 
 (4) Gold equivalent ounces sold may not re-calculate based on amounts presented in this table due to rounding. 
 
 117 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 
 pler Marigold Seabee Puna Corporate Total Cost of sales (GAAP) (1) 
 264,889 219,035 66,354 121,096 671,374 By-product credits (5,989) (103) (94) (50,192) (56,378) Treatment and refining charges 956 394 15,724 17,074 Incremental COVID-19 related costs (2) 
 (649) (4,786) (4,151) (9,586) Fair value adjustment on acquired inventories (65,939) (65,939) Cash costs (non-GAAP) 192,961 219,239 61,868 82,477 556,545 Sustaining capital expenditures 35,015 57,722 33,010 10,458 136,205 Sustaining exploration and evaluation expense 992 1,572 140 2,704 Reclamation cost accretion and amortization 2,395 2,738 642 1,624 7,399 General and administrative expense and stock-based compensation expense 6,664 (103) (28) 2,165 50,072 58,770 Total AISC (non-GAAP) 238,027 281,168 95,492 96,864 50,072 761,623 Gold sold (oz) 333,761 236,847 118,746 689,354 Silver sold (oz) 7,810,282 7,810,282 Gold equivalent sold (oz) (3)(4) 
 333,761 236,847 118,746 108,248 797,602 Cost of sales per gold equivalent ounce sold (1) 
 794 925 559 1,119 N/A 842 Cash cost per gold ounce sold 578 926 521 N/A N/A N/A Cash cost per silver ounce sold N/A N/A N/A 10.56 N/A N/A Cash cost per gold equivalent ounce sold 578 926 521 762 N/A 698 AISC per gold ounce sold 713 1,187 804 N/A N/A N/A AISC per silver ounce sold N/A N/A N/A 12.40 N/A N/A AISC per gold equivalent ounce sold 713 1,187 804 895 N/A 955 
 (1) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (2) COVID-19 related costs include direct, incremental costs associated with COVID-19. 
 (3) Gold equivalent ounces are calculated using the silver ounces produced or sold multiplied by the ratio of the silver price to the gold price, using the average LBMA prices for the period. The Company does not include copper, lead, or zinc as they are considered by-products. 
 (4) Gold equivalent ounces sold may not re-calculate based on amounts presented in this table due to rounding. 
 118 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 
 pler Marigold Seabee Puna Corporate Total Cost of sales (GAAP) (1) 
 121,614 216,358 40,575 65,991 444,538 By-product credits (1,158) (53) (53) (16,018) (17,282) Treatment and refining charges 214 153 6,601 6,968 Incremental COVID-19 related costs (2) 
 (1,014) (769) (1,189) (475) (3,447) Fair value adjustment on acquired inventories (51,931) (51,931) Cash costs (non- GAAP) 67,511 215,750 39,486 56,099 378,846 Sustaining capital expenditures 12,893 55,563 30,325 6,323 105,104 Sustaining exploration and evaluation expense 162 2,463 204 2,829 Care and maintenance 13,644 15,949 29,593 Reclamation cost accretion and amortization 306 2,756 344 1,771 5,177 General and administrative expense and stock-based compensation expense 251 435 127 1,520 31,236 33,569 Total AISC (non-GAAP) 81,123 276,967 83,926 81,866 31,236 555,118 Gold sold (oz) 108,283 229,892 75,600 413,775 Silver sold (oz) 4,411,087 4,411,087 Gold equivalent sold (oz) (3(4) 
 108,283 229,892 75,600 51,696 465,471 Cost of sales per gold equivalent ounce sold (1) 
 1,123 941 537 1,277 N/A 955 Cash cost per gold ounce sold 623 938 522 N/A N/A N/A Cash cost per silver ounce sold N/A N/A N/A 12.72 N/A N/A Cash cost per gold equivalent ounce sold 623 938 522 1,085 N/A 814 AISC per gold ounce sold 749 1,205 1,110 N/A N/A N/A AISC per silver ounce sold N/A N/A N/A 18.56 N/A N/A AISC per gold equivalent ounce sold 749 1,205 1,110 1,584 N/A 1,193 
 (1) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (2) COVID-19 related costs include direct, incremental costs associated with COVID-19. 
 (3) Gold equivalent ounces are calculated using the silver ounces produced or sold multiplied by the ratio of the silver price to the gold price, using the average LBMA prices for the period. The Company does not include copper, lead, or zinc as they are considered by-products. 
 (4) Gold equivalent ounces sold may not re-calculate based on amounts presented in this table due to rounding. 
 119 

Non-GAAP Measure - Adjusted Attributable Net Income 
 Adjusted attributable net income and adjusted attributable net income per share are used by management and investors to measure the Company's underlying operating performance. The most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP are Net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders and Net income per share attributable to SSR Mining shareholders. Adjusted attributable net income is defined as net income adjusted to exclude the after-tax impact of specific items that are significant, but not reflective of the Company's underlying operations, including the impact of measuring inventories and mineral properties at fair value in connection with business combinations; impairment adjustments; foreign exchange (gains) losses and inflationary impacts on tax balances; transaction, integration and SEC conversion costs; changes in tax rate for fair value adjustments and other non-recurring items. SEC conversion costs are the costs associated with the Company's transition in 2022 from being a foreign private issuer to a domestic reporting issuer for purposes of the SEC's reporting and other requirements. 
 120 

The following table provides a reconciliation of net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders to adjusted net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders: Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income attributable SSR Mining shareholders (GAAP) 194,140 368,076 151,535 Interest saving on convertible notes, net of tax 4,910 4,889 4,883 Net income used in the calculation of diluted net income per share 199,050 372,965 156,418 Weighted-average shares used in the calculation of net income and adjusted net income per share Basic 209,883 215,993 151,144 Diluted 222,481 228,241 163,699 Net income per share attributable to SSR Mining shareholders (GAAP) Basic 0.92 1.70 1.00 Diluted 0.89 1.63 0.96 Adjustments: Fair value adjustment on acquired assets (1) 
 104,714 48,893 COVID-19 related costs (2) 
 9,586 3,447 Foreign exchange loss (gain) 32,460 (3,629) 3,732 Alacer transaction and integration costs 8,595 20,813 Gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe (81,852) Loss (gain) on sale of mineral properties, plant and equipment 1,501 (412) 2,804 Pitarrilla transaction costs 1,561 SEC conversion costs 1,255 2,645 Impairment of long-lived and other assets 20,275 Changes in fair value of investments (602) 10,741 (21,368) Income tax impact related to above adjustments (966) (34,120) (15,144) Foreign exchange (gain) loss and inflationary impacts on tax balances (14,128) (97,288) (1,311) Other tax adjustments (3) 
 11,445 Impact of tax rate change on fair value adjustments 12,574 Adjusted net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders (Non-GAAP) 144,814 401,757 193,401 Adjusted net income per share attributable to SSR Mining shareholders (Non-GAAP) Basic 0.69 1.86 1.28 Diluted 0.67 1.78 1.21 
 (1) Fair value adjustments on acquired assets relate to the acquisition of Alacer's inventories and mineral properties. 
 (2) COVID-19 related costs include direct, incremental costs associated with COVID-19 at all operations. 
 (3) Represents charges related to a tax settlement and an uncertain tax position. 
 121 

Non-GAAP Measure - Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("EBITDA") and Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA represents net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. EBITDA is an indicator of the Company's ability to generate liquidity by producing operating cash flow to fund working capital needs, service debt obligations, and fund capital expenditures. 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted to exclude the impact of specific items that are significant, but not reflective of the Company's underlying operations, including the impact of measuring inventories at fair value in connection with business combinations; impairment adjustments and reversals; foreign exchange gains (losses); transaction, integration and SEC conversion costs and other non-recurring items. 
 The most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is Net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders . 
 The following is a reconciliation of Net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders (GAAP) 194,140 368,076 151,535 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 16,288 57,846 5,627 Depletion, depreciation and amortization 181,447 227,959 109,258 Interest expense 19,116 19,097 13,876 Income and mining tax expense (benefit) 30,068 (14,116) 43,203 EBITDA (non-GAAP) 441,059 658,862 323,499 Fair value adjustment on acquired inventories (1) 
 65,939 51,931 COVID-19 related costs (2) 
 9,586 3,447 Foreign exchange loss (gain) 32,460 (3,629) 3,732 Alacer transaction and integration costs 8,595 20,813 Gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe (81,852) Loss (gain) on sale of mineral properties, plant and equipment 1,501 (412) 2,804 Pitarrilla transaction costs 1,561 SEC conversion costs 1,255 2,645 Impairment of long-lived and other assets 20,275 Changes in fair value of investments (602) 10,741 (21,368) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 395,382 772,602 384,858 
 (1) Fair value adjustments on acquired inventories relate to the acquisition of Alacer. 
 (2) COVID-19 related costs include direct, incremental costs associated with COVID-19 at all operations. 

122 

Non-GAAP Measure - Free Cash Flow 
 The Company uses free cash flow to supplement information in its consolidated financial statements. The most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP is Cash provided by operating activities . The Company believes that in addition to conventional measures prepared in accordance with US GAAP, certain investors and analysts use this information to evaluate the ability of the Company to generate cash flow after capital investments and build the Company's cash resources. The Company calculates free cash flow by deducting cash capital spending from cash generated by operating activities. The Company does not deduct payments made for business acquisitions. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash provided by operating activities (GAAP) 
 160,896 608,986 307,098 Less: Additions to mineral properties, plant and equipment 1 
 (137,515) (164,810) (138,990) Free cash flow (non-GAAP) 23,381 444,176 168,108 
 (1) Represents purchases of plant and equipment, excluding purchases of mineral properties. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 MD A is based on the Company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP. The preparation of these statements requires that the Company makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. The Company bases these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that the Company considers reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The areas requiring the use of management s estimates are also discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The policies identified as being critical to the understanding of the business and results of operations and that require the application of significant management judgment are outlined below. 
 Recoverable metal in stockpiles and leach pads 
 The Company estimates the quantity of recoverable metal in stockpiled ore and in leach pad inventories using surveyed volumes of material, ore grades determined through sampling and assaying of blast holes, and estimated recovery rates based on ore type. The quantity of recoverable metal and recovery rates varies based on ore mineralogy, ore grade, ore particle sizes and the percentage of cyanide soluble gold. The estimated recoverable gold ounces placed on the leach pads are periodically reconciled by comparing the related ore to the actual gold ounces recovered (metallurgical balancing). The ultimate recoverable metal or life-of-mine recovery rate is unknown until mining operations cease. Accounting for recoverable metal in stockpiled ore and in leach pad inventories represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) it is impracticable to determine metal contained in stockpiles and leach pads by physical count, thus requiring management to employ reasonable estimation methods and (ii) recovery rates from leach pads can vary significantly. A change in the recovery rate or the quantity of recoverable gold ounces in stockpiled ores on leach pad inventories could materially impact the financial statements. 
 Mineral reserves 
 Recoverable proven and probable reserves are the part of a mineral deposit that can be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. The determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades and recovery rates. Estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires the Company to determine the size, shape and depth of the ore bodies by analyzing geological data, such as samplings of drill holes, tunnels and other underground workings. In addition to the geology of the Company's mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand, the mining methods the Company uses and the related costs incurred to develop and mine reserves. The Company's estimates of 
 123 

recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of its employees. These estimates are reviewed and verified regularly by independent experts in mining, geology and reserve determination. 
 As discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , the Company depreciates its mineral properties and mine development costs using the units-of-production method based on the estimated recoverable ounces in proven and probable reserves. Because the economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change, which could have a significant impact on the results of operations, including changes to prospective depreciation rates and impairments of long-lived asset carrying values. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 The Company assesses the carrying value of its long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that could indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable include, but are not limited to, significant adverse changes in the business climate including changes in future metal prices, significant changes to the extent or manner in which the asset is being used or its physical condition including significant decreases in production or mineral reserves, and significant decreases in the market price of the assets. In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, estimates of undiscounted future cash flows of the Company's mines are used. Estimates of future cash flows are derived from current business plans which are developed using short and long-term metal price assumptions; estimates of costs; resource, reserve and exploration potential estimates, including timing and costs to develop and produce the material; and the use of discount rates in the measurement of fair value. The Company believes its estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and is tested for impairment annually as of December 31 and when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. In testing for goodwill impairment, the Company may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company does not elect to perform a qualitative assessment or it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed by determining the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value of a reporting unit is determined using either the income approach by utilizing estimates of discounted future cash flows or the market approach utilizing recent transaction activity for comparable properties. Estimates of future cash flows are derived from current business plans which are developed using short and long-term metal price assumptions; estimates of costs; resource, reserve and exploration potential estimates, including timing and costs to develop and produce the material; and the use of discount rates in the measurement of fair value. 
 Income taxes 
 Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined by applying the enacted statutory tax rates in effect at the end of a reporting period to the cumulative temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The effect on deferred taxes for a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 The Company's operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. Some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. The Company is subject to reviews of its income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of its contracts or laws. 
 
 124 

The Company recognizes potential liabilities and records tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on an estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the final resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of the tax liabilities. If the estimated tax liabilities prove to be less than the final assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. If the estimated tax liabilities prove to be greater than the final assessment, a tax benefit would result. In certain jurisdictions, the Company must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. Such payment is recorded as a receivable if the Company believes the amount is ultimately collectible. 
 A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is established when it is more likely than not that some portion of the benefit from deferred tax assets will not be realized. In determining the amount of the valuation allowance, the Company considers estimated future taxable income or loss as well as feasible tax planning strategies in each jurisdiction. If the Company determines all or a portion of its deferred income tax assets will not be realized, the valuation allowance will be increased. Conversely, if the Company determines all or a portion of the related benefits for which a valuation allowance has been provided will ultimately be realized, all or a portion of the related valuation allowance will be reduced. 
 Reclamation liabilities 
 The Company recognizes a liability for the fair value of estimated future reclamation costs when incurred. Reclamation liabilities are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of reclamation costs. The estimated reclamation liability is based on when spending for an existing disturbance is expected to occur. The Company reviews, on an annual basis, unless otherwise deemed necessary, the reclamation obligation at each mine site. 
 Remediation costs are accrued based on the Company s best estimate at the end of each period of the costs expected to be incurred at a site. Accounting for reclamation liabilities requires the Company to make estimates unique to each mining operation of the future costs we will incur to complete the reclamation work required to comply with existing laws and regulations. Any such changes in future costs, the timing of reclamation activities, scope, or the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation costs, could materially impact the amounts charged to earnings for reclamation. Additionally, future changes to environmental laws and regulations could increase the extent of reclamation work required. 
 Business combinations 
 The Company recognizes and measures the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase consideration when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill. For material acquisitions, the Company engages third-party valuation specialists to assist with the determination of the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, non-controlling interest, if any, and goodwill, based on recognized business valuation methodologies. An income, market or cost valuation method may be utilized to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interest, if any, in a business combination. These valuation procedures require management to make assumptions and apply significant judgment to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Estimates of future cash flows are are developed using short and long-term metal price assumptions; estimates of costs; resource, reserve and exploration potential estimates, including timing and costs to develop and produce the material; and the use of discount rates in the measurement of fair value. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has adopted all accounting pronouncements affecting the Company. 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 The mining industry involves many risks including global pandemics which are inherent to the nature of the business, global economic trends and economic, environmental and social conditions in the geographical areas of operation. As a result, the Company is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, each of which could have an 
 125 

adverse effect on its operating results, business prospects or financial position. The Company continuously assesses and evaluates these risks, seeking to minimize them by implementing high operating standards and processes to identify, assess, report and monitor risk across the organization. 
 For a comprehensive list of other known risks and uncertainties affecting the business, please refer to the section entitled Risk Factors in Part 1, Item 1A. 
 
 126 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company is exposed to a variety of financial risks as a result of its operations, including market risk (which includes price risk, currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and capital risk. The Company's overall risk management strategy seeks to reduce potential adverse effects on its financial performance. Risk management is carried out under policies approved by the Board of Directors. The Company may, from time to time, use foreign exchange contracts, commodity price contracts, equity hedges and interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency, energy or diesel prices, marketable securities values and interest rates. 
 The risks associated with the Company's financial instruments, and the policies on how the Company mitigates those risks are set out below. This is not intended to be a comprehensive discussion of all risks. There were no significant changes to the Company's exposures to these risks or the management of its exposures during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Market Risk 
 This is the risk that the fair values of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in market prices. The significant market risks to which the Company is exposed are price risk, currency risk and interest rate risk. 
 Price Risk 
 The Company sells concentrates produced from its Puna operation on a provisional basis. Provisional concentrate sales contain an embedded derivative that is required to be separated from the host contract for accounting purposes. The embedded derivative is marked to market through earnings each period prior to final settlement. The Company's concentrate metal sales agreements are subject to pricing terms that settle within one to four months after delivery of concentra te. This adjustment period represents the Company's exposure to commodity price risk on its trade receivables. A 10 increase or decrease in the silver price as of December 31, 2022, with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in a 6.6 million increase or decrease to the Company's after-tax net income, respectively. 
 Currency Risk 
 Currency risk is the risk that the fair values or future cash flows of the Company's financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. Exchange rate fluctuations affect the costs the Company incurs at its operations. Gold, silver, lead and zinc are sold in USD and the Company's costs are principally in USD, TRY, CAD and ARS. The appreciation or depreciation of foreign currencies against the USD can increase or decrease the cost of metal production and capital expenditures in USD terms. The Company is also exposed to currency risk arising from cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash held in foreign currencies, marketable securities, accounts receivable and other financial assets, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, other financial liabilities, and current and deferred income and other taxes denominated in foreign currencies. Further, the Company is exposed to currency risk through non-monetary assets and liabilities and tax bases of assets, liabilities and losses of entities whose taxable profit or tax loss are denominated in foreign currencies. All of our foreign operations use the USD as the functional currency and local currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into USD with gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions included in current results of operations. 
 Effective September 2, 2019, Argentina introduced new Central Bank regulations which require export proceeds to be converted into ARS within five business days of such proceeds entering the country. These provisions were intended to be temporary until December 31, 2019; however, the provisions remained in effect as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, Argentina introduced further currency control measures in 2022, including restrictions on the timing of payments to vendors in currencies other than ARS. While these provisions remain in effect, the Company is unable to hold funds in Argentina in USD, which has increased its exposure to the ARS. 
 The economies of Argentina and T rkiye are currently considered highly inflationary, which is defined as cumulative inflation rates exceeding 100 percent in the most recent three year period based on inflation data published by the respective governments. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. The Company continuously monitors the effects of inflationary factors, such as increases in our cost of sales and operating expenses, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 127 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was primarily exposed to currency risk through the following financial assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies: 
 December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 TRY 
 CAD 
 ARS 
 Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents 
 20,575 23,087 43,822 Marketable securities 
 351 7,852 Accounts receivable and other financial assets (1) 
 24,875 588 12,566 Financial liabilities Trade and other payables 
 (27,898) (17,336) (18,350) Lease liabilities (1) 
 (4,562) (527) Other financial liabilities 
 (314) (504) (27) 12,676 5,659 45,863 
 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 TRY 
 CAD 
 ARS 
 Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents 
 2,968 12,763 24,450 Marketable securities 
 7,820 3,489 Accounts receivable and other financial assets (1) 
 20,004 39 4,716 Financial liabilities Trade and other payables 
 (26,782) (24,954) (14,374) Lease liabilities (1) 
 (4,456) (278) Other financial liabilities 
 (4,354) (236) (12,620) (4,846) 18,281 
 (1) Includes current and non-current portion. 
 The Company assessed the impact of a 10 change in the USD exchange rate relative to the ARS and CAD and a 25 change in the USD exchange rate relative to the TRY as of December 31, 2022, on the Company's net income based on the above net financial assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, depreciation of the TRY, CAD, and ARS against the USD would have resulted in an increase (decrease) to the Company's total net income as follows: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 TRY (4,169) CAD (514) ARS (2,535) 
 
 128 

Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair values or future cash flows of the Company's financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Company manages interest rate risk by maintaining an investment policy for short-term investments and cash held in banks, which focuses on preservation of capital and liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is exposed to interest rate cash flow risk arising from its cash and restricted cash in bank accounts that earn variable interest rates, and interest expense on variable rate borrowings. The Company's variable rate borrowings are the Term Loan, which is subject to a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 3.50 to 3.70 , and the Amended Credit Agreement, which is subject to a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 2 to 3 . The Term Loan and Amended Credit Agreement contain fallback language that replaces LIBOR with an alternative benchmark rate based on either SOFR or another alternative benchmark rate when LIBOR ceases to exist. The Amended Credit Agreement is undrawn at December 31, 2022. 
 Future net cash flows from interest income on cash, restricted cash, and interest expense on variable rate borrowings will be affected by interest rate fluctuations. To mitigate exposures to interest rate risk, the Company may purchase short-term investments at market interest rates that result in fixed yields to maturity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a 1.0 increase or decrease in the LIBOR interest rate, assuming all other variables remained constant, would decrease or increase the Company's after-tax net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 by 0.8 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average interest rate earned on the Company's cash and cash equivalents wa s 4.39 an d 0.14 , respectively. With other variables unchanged, a 1.0 change in the annualized interest rate would impact the Company's after-tax net income b y 5.4 million and 6.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Credit risk 
 Credit risk is the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the Company by failing to discharge its obligations under the terms of the financial contract. The Company's maximum exposure to credit risk as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 655,453 1,017,562 Trade receivables 62,563 73,656 Value added tax receivable 32,535 22,456 Restricted cash 33,653 35,303 Other current and non-current financial assets 27,526 39,335 811,730 1,188,312 
 As of December 31, 2022, no amounts were held as collateral except those discussed above related to other financial assets. 
 In addition, the Company uses surety bonds to support certain environmental bonding obligations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had surety bonds totaling 117.4 million and 117.0 million, respectively, outstanding. 
 129 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of SSR Mining Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SSR Mining Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and statement of changes in equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 130 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Fair value of mineral properties acquired on initial consolidation of a variable interest entity 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on November 17, 2022, the Company acquired an additional 30 ownership in Kartaltepe Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Kartaltepe from joint venture partner Lidya Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret A. Lidya for total consideration of 150 million in cash. The Company previously owned 50 of Kartaltepe and accounted for its interest as an equity method investment. Upon completion of this transaction, the Company owns 80 of Kartaltepe and is considered the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity VIE and consolidated Kartaltepe as an initial consolidation of a VIE that is not a business. As a result, management was required to determine the total amount of the net assets recognized at fair value. The assets acquired included mineral properties which, on a consolidated basis, were valued at 362 million. The fair value of the mineral properties was determined based on income and market valuation methods. Management applied significant judgment in determining the fair value of the mineral properties, including the use of significant assumptions such as future metal prices, estimated quantities of mineral reserves and mineral resources, in-situ multiples, future operating costs and discount rates. The Company s estimated quantities of mineral reserves and mineral resources are based on information prepared by qualified persons (management s specialists). 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the fair value of mineral properties acquired on initial consolidation of a VIE is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment required by management, including the use of management s specialists, in determining the fair value of the acquired mineral properties; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the fair value measurement of the acquired mineral properties, including significant assumptions such as future metal prices, estimated quantities of mineral reserves and mineral resources, in-situ multiples, future operating costs and discount rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the fair value of mineral properties acquired on initial consolidation of a VIE, including controls relating to the significant assumptions used in those management estimates. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining the fair value of the acquired mineral properties (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the income and market valuation methods; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the cash flow models; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management, including the future metal prices, estimated quantities of mineral reserves and mineral resources, in-situ multiples, future operating costs and discount rates. Evaluating the reasonableness of the future metal prices involved comparing them to external market and industry data. Evaluating the reasonableness of future operating costs involved comparing them to historical results at the pler Gold Mine. The work of management s specialists was used in performing the procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the estimated quantities of mineral reserves and mineral resources. As a basis for using this work, management s specialists qualifications were understood and the Company s relationship with management s specialists was assessed. The procedures performed also included evaluation of the methods and assumptions used by management s specialists, tests of the data used by management s specialists and an evaluation of management s specialists findings. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge assisted us in evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rates and in-situ multiples. 
 Assessment of impairment indicators for mineral properties, plant and equipment, net 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying value of mineral properties, plant and equipment, net is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets or asset groups may not be recoverable (impairment indicators). The carrying amount of the Company s mineral properties, plant 
 131 

and equipment, net was 3.5 billion as of December 31, 2022. Management applies judgment to assess whether there are impairment indicators present that give rise to the requirement to conduct an impairment test. Events or changes in circumstances that could trigger an impairment test include (i) significant adverse changes in the business climate including changes in future metal prices; (ii) significant changes in the extent or manner in which the asset is being used or its physical condition including significant decreases in production or mineral reserves; and (iii) significant decreases in the market price of the assets. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the assessment of impairment indicators of mineral properties, plant and equipment, net is a critical audit matter are that there was judgment by management when assessing whether there were impairment indicators related to the Company s mineral properties, plant and equipment, net, specifically related to assessing whether there were (i) significant adverse changes in the business climate including changes in future metal prices; (ii) significant changes in the extent or manner in which the asset is being used or its physical condition including significant decreases in production or mineral reserves; and (iii) significant decreases in the market price of the assets. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the judgments made by management in their assessment of impairment indicators that could give rise to the requirement to conduct an impairment test. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment of impairment indicators of mineral properties, plant and equipment, net. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating whether there were significant adverse changes in the business climate including changes in future metal prices by considering external market and industry data; (ii) evaluating whether there were any significant changes in the extent or manner in which the asset is being used or its physical condition including by assessing any significant decreases in production or mineral reserves by considering mineral reserve and resource technical reports and production results compared to historical actuals; and (iii) assessing whether there were significant decreases in the market price of the assets by considering any significant or prolonged declines in the Company s share price, and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 /s/ 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1989. 
 132 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Operating Costs and Expenses: Cost of sales (1) 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization General and administrative expense Exploration, evaluation, and reclamation costs Care and maintenance Impairment of long-lived and other assets Other operating expenses, net Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe Other income (expense) ) Foreign exchange gain (loss) ) ) Total other income (expense) ) Income before income and mining taxes Income and mining tax benefit (expense) ) ) Equity loss of affiliates ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) ) Net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders Net income per share attributable to SSR Mining shareholders Basic Diluted 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 133 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments for: Depletion, depreciation, and amortization Amortization of debt discount Reclamation accretion expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Equity loss of affiliates Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments ) Change in fair value of marketable securities ) ) Non-cash fair value adjustment on acquired inventories 
 Loss (gain) on sale of mineral properties, plant and equipment ) Gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe ) Impairment of long-lived and other assets Non-cash care and maintenance Loss (gain) on foreign exchange Net change in operating assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities Additions to mineral properties, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions, net (1) 
 ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds on Royalty Portfolio sale Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Proceeds from repayment of note receivable Proceeds from sale of mineral properties, plant and equipment Other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 
 134 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities Repayment of debt, principal ) ) ) Redemption of convertible notes ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Purchase of common shares ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Principal payments on finance leases ) ) ) Non-controlling interest dividend ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Settlement of restricted and performance share units ) Other financing activities ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (1) million cash paid in the acquisition of Taiga Gold Corp., net of million of cash and cash equivalents acquired, and million cash paid in the acquisition of an additional ownership in Kartaltepe. Acquisitions, net for the year ended December 31, 2020 is comprised of million of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash acquired as part of the Alacer acquisition. Refer to Note 3 for further details. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 135 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands) 

 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Trade and other receivables Inventories Restricted cash Prepaids and other current assets Total current assets Mineral properties, plant and equipment, net Inventories Restricted cash Equity method investments Goodwill Deferred income tax assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities and other 
 Finance lease liabilities Current portion of debt 
 Total current liabilities Debt Finance lease liabilities Reclamation liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities EQUITY Common shares unlimited authorized common shares with no par value; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Retained earnings SSR Mining s shareholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 136 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes of Equity 
 (in thousands) 

Common shares Number of shares Amount Retained earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total equity attributable to equity holders of SSR Mining Non-controlling interest Total equity 
 
 Contingently redeemable shares 
 Balance as of January 1, 2020 
 ) Acquisition of Alacer Exercise of stock options Settlement of RSUs and PSUs ) ) ) Transfer of cash-settled RSUs ) ) ) Equity-settled stock-based compensation Reclassification of contingently redeemable shares ) Other ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Settlement of RSUs and PSUs Transfer of equity-settled RSUs Equity-settled stock-based compensation Reclassification of contingently redeemable shares ) Dividends paid to shareholders of SSR Mining ) ) ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest ) ) Other ) ) ) Net income (loss) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Settlement of RSUs Equity-settled stock-based compensation 
 137 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes of Equity 
 (in thousands) 

Dividends paid to shareholders of SSR Mining ) ) ) Acquisition of non-controlling interest Dividends paid to non-controlling interest ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interest Net income (loss) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 138 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 producing assets located in the United States, T rkiye, Canada and Argentina. The Company is principally engaged in the operation, acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal resource properties located in T rkiye and the Americas. The Company produces gold dor as well as silver and lead and zinc concentrates. The Company s diversified asset portfolio is comprised of high-margin, long-life assets located in some of the world's most prolific metal districts. The Company s focus is on safe, profitable gold and silver production from its pler Gold Mine (" pler") in Erzincan, T rkiye, Marigold mine ("Marigold") in Nevada, USA, Seabee Gold Operation ("Seabee") in Saskatchewan, Canada, and Puna Operations ("Puna") in Jujuy, Argentina, and to advance, as market and project conditions permit, its principal development projects and commercial production. 
 In December 2021, T rkiye began the move to change its internationally recognized official name in English from Turkey to T rkiye. In June 2022, the United Nations announced it would recognize the new name. The Company is pleased to adopt the new name. 
 At the end of the second quarter of 2022, T rkiye s Ministry of Environment, Urbanization and Climate Change Ministry of Environment temporarily suspended operations at the pler mine pending implementation of improvement initiatives requested as a result of a leak of leach solution on June 21, 2022. The Company completed these initiatives and received the required regulatory approvals from T rkiye s Government authorities on September 22, 2022 and all operations were restarted at the pler mine. During the temporary suspension, Care and maintenance expense was recorded in the Statements of Operations which represents direct costs and depreciation incurred at pler. 

2. 
 
 139 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

reportable segments for financial reporting purposes: pler, Marigold, Seabee, Puna and exploration, evaluation and development properties. pler, Marigold, Seabee and Puna segments represent the Company's operating mine sites. The exploration, evaluation and development properties segment represents a portfolio of prospective exploration tenures, both near or adjacent to the existing operations (near-mine) and greenfield standalone prospects, across T rkiye, the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Peru. For further information refer to Note 4. 
 140 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

141 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

142 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years - years 
 Mining equipment years - years 
 Mobile equipment components years - years 
 Buildings years - years 
 Mine plant equipment years - years 
 Underground infrastructure years - years 
 ROU assets - plant and equipment (1) 
 years - years 

143 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

144 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

145 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

146 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

147 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statement of Operations: updated caption 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company revised the previously reported caption of Production costs to Cost of sales within its Consolidated Statements of Operations to provide a more accurate description of the costs and align with commonly used terminology by industry participants. Cost of sales does not include depreciation, depletion and amortization. No changes were made to the accounting policies or previously reported amounts. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company revised the previously reported caption of Transaction, integration, and SEC conversion expense to Other operating expenses, net within its Consolidated Statements of Operations. No changes were made to the accounting policies or previously reported amounts. 
 148 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

3. 
 ownership in Kartaltepe 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Alacer Gold Madencilik A.S., completed the acquisition of an additional ownership in Kartaltepe Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Kartaltepe from joint venture partner Lidya Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret A. Lidya (the Transaction) for total consideration of million in cash. The Company previously owned of Kartaltepe and accounted for its interest as an equity method investment with a reported amount of million. Upon completion of the Transaction, the Company now owns of Kartaltepe and is considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE and will consolidate Kartaltepe under ASC 810. The Company's acquisition of Kartaltepe is included in the pler mine operating segment. The Transaction provides increased exposure for the Company to potential exploration success on the geologically prospective Kartaltepe licenses, including akmaktepe Extension, akmaktepe, and the Mavialtin Porphyry Belt. Additionally, the Transaction is expected to deliver material synergies through the remainder of pler s mine life. 
 The Company concluded that Kartaltepe was not a business based on its assessment under ASC 805 and accounted for the acquisition as an initial consolidation of a VIE that is not a business under ASC 810. As a result of the Transaction the Company recognized a gain of million during the fourth quarter of 2022, included in Gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The gain represents the difference between: (i) the fair value of consideration paid, the fair value of the non-controlling interests, and the reported amount of the previously held interest and (ii) the total amount of the net assets recognized at fair value. 
 At acquisition, the Company recognized all assets acquired and liabilities assumed at an aggregate fair value of million, primarily consisting of million in Mineral properties, plant and equipment, net 2 and million in Deferred tax liabilities 3 on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of Lidya s interest of million was recognized as Non-controlling interest on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company retained a third-party appraiser to assist in determining the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interest as of the acquisition date. The fair value estimates were based on income and market valuation methods 1 . Fair value is a market-based measurement and does not include entity-specific synergies. 
 Acquisition of Taiga Gold Corp. 
 On April 14, 2022, the Company completed the purchase of all the issued and outstanding common shares of Taiga Gold Corp. Taiga Gold ), which holds the exploration and evaluation stage resources in Saskatchewan, Canada in proximity to the Company s Seabee mine and Fisher project. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition for total consideration of million. The total consideration was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the acquisition date, which consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents of million, exploration and evaluation assets of million, and a related deferred tax liability of million. The assets are included in the Seabee mine operating segment. 
 Acquisition of Alacer Gold Corporation 
 On September 16, 2020 Acquisition Date ), the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Alacer Gold Corp. ("Alacer"). The acquisition of Alacer created a diversified portfolio of high quality, long-life mines across four mining-friendly jurisdictions. 
 The Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Alacer, with Alacer shareholders receiving of the Company s common stock for every one Alacer share (the "Exchange Ratio"). The 
 
 2 The fair value of mineral properties, plant and equipment is based on applying the income and market valuation methods and includes a provision for the estimated fair value of asset retirement obligations related to the long-lived tangible assets. The significant assumptions include future metal prices, estimated quantities of mineral reserves and mineral resources, future operating costs, discount rates, and in-situ multiples. 
 3 Deferred income tax liabilities represent the future tax expense associated with the differences between the fair value allocated to assets and liabilities and the historical carryover tax basis of these assets and liabilities. 
 149 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the Company s common stock to the former shareholders of Alacer. All outstanding RSUs, PSUs and DSUs of Alacer that were not exercised prior to the Acquisition Date were replaced with the Company units (the RSU Replacement Units, the PSU Replacement Units, and the DSU Replacement Units, respectively), with the number of such securities issued adjusted by the Exchange Ratio. 
 Upon closing of the transaction, the Company and former Alacer shareholders owned and , respectively, of the shares of the combined entity. Upon the completion of the transaction, Alacer became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Alacer holds an interest in Anagold Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi ("Anagold"), the owner and operator of pler, a large-scale open pit gold mine in east-central T rkiye. The non-controlling interest in Anagold is held by Lidya. 
 Based upon the September 15, 2020 closing stock price of the Company's common stock, the total purchase price consideration of the acquisition was billion The Company incurred transaction and integration costs of million and million which included million for severance and termination payments to executives, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs were recognized in Other operating expenses, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The acquisition of Alacer was accounted for as a business combination which requires the measurement of acquired assets and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. 
 RSU, PSU and DSU consideration (2) 
 Total consideration 
 (1) The fair value of common shares issued to Alacer shareholders was determined using the Company's common share price of per share on September 15, 2020. 
 RSU, PSU and DSU consideration units issued was determined using the Alacer share price of on September 15, 2020, adjusted for the Exchange Ratio. Of the amount relating to the RSU, PSU and DSU consideration, million was recognized in equity and million and million were recognized in Accrued liabilities and other and Other non-current liabilities, respectively. 
 150 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Trade and other receivables Inventories Prepaids and other current assets 
 Mineral properties, plant and equipment Inventories Restricted cash Equity method investments Other non-current assets Total assets 
 LIABILITIES 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Current portion of debt Debt Reclamation liabilities (1) 
 Lease liabilities - non-current Deferred income tax liabilities (2) 
 Other non-current liabilities Non-controlling interest (3) 
 Total liabilities Total net assets 
 (1) The fair value of reclamation costs is based on the expected amounts and timing of cash flows for closure activities and discounted to present value using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate as of the Acquisition Date. Key assumptions include the costs and timing of key closure activities based on the life of mine plans. 
 (2) Deferred income tax liabilities are net of a deferred income tax asset of million relating to investment incentive tax credits at pler and includes a deferred income tax liability of million for withholding tax on distributable earnings of the Turkish entities. 
 (3) The fair value of non-controlling interest is measured based on a discounted cash flow model. 
 
 151 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. Consolidated net income for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders from Alacer of million. 
 Pro forma financial information 
 Net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders 
 Divestitures 
 Divestiture of Pitarrilla 
 On July 6, 2022, the Company completed the sale of the Pitarrilla project in Durango, Mexico, included in the Exploration, evaluation and development properties segment, to Endeavour Silver Corp. ("Endeavour Silver"). The consideration received included cash of million, Endeavour Silver common shares with a fair value on the closing date of million shares at per share), and a net smelter returns royalty on the Pitarrilla property. A gain of million was recognized, included in Other operating expenses, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, calculated as the difference between the consideration received and the carrying amount of the net assets sold. 
 Divestiture of royalty assets 
 million. The total consideration received included cash, EMX common shares, and deferred consideration in the form of contingent payments of cash payable upon completion of certain project milestones related to one of the royalties totaling approximately million. The fair value of the deferred consideration was estimated based on the present value of the projected future cash inflows using a discount rate of . The projected future cash inflows are affected by assumptions related to the achievement of the development milestones. At June 30, 2021, following the negotiation of the Royalty Portfolio sale, the Company recorded an impairment loss of million on the Royalty Portfolio, calculated based on the difference between the estimated fair value of the Royalty Portfolio and its carrying amount prior to the impairment. The impairment loss was recognized in the Company's Exploration, evaluation and development properties segment. The Company recognized a gain on closing of the Royalty Portfolio sale to EMX of million, net of million of transaction costs, which has been recorded against the impairment loss . 
 152 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

4. 
 producing mines and a portfolio of precious and base metal dominant projects. Each individual operating mine site and the Company's exploration, evaluation and development properties are considered reportable segments. Operating results of operating segments are reviewed by the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and to assess their performance. 
 Cost of sales (2) 
 Depletion, depreciation and amortization Exploration, evaluation and reclamation costs Care and maintenance (3) 
 Operating income (loss) ) ) Capital expenditures Total assets as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Corporate and other consists of business activities that are not included within the reportable segments and provided for reconciliation purposes. 
 (2) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 (3) Care and maintenance expense represents direct costs and depreciation incurred at pler during the temporary suspension of operations in the third quarter of 2022. 
 153 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Cost of sales (2) 
 Depletion, depreciation and amortization Exploration. evaluation, and reclamation costs Impairment of long-lived and other assets Operating income (loss) ) ) Capital expenditures Total assets as of December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) Corporate and other consists of business activities that are not included within the reportable segments and provided for reconciliation purposes. 
 (2) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 
 154 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Cost of sales (2) 
 Depletion, depreciation and amortization Exploration, evaluation and reclamation costs ) Care and maintenance expense (3) 
 Operating income (loss) ) ) Capital expenditures Total assets as of December 31, 2020 
 
 (1) Corporate and other consists of business activities that are not included within the reportable segments and provided for reconciliation purposes. 
 (2) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 
 Geographic area 
 
 Canada United States Argentina Mexico Peru Total 

155 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Canada United States Argentina Total 

5. 
 Marigold 
 Seabee 
 Concentrate sales Puna 
 Other (1) 
 pler 
 Marigold 
 Seabee 
 Puna 
 ) ) ) Total 
 
 (1) Other revenue includes: changes in the fair value of concentrate trade receivables due to changes in silver and base metal prices; and silver and copper by-product revenue arising from the production and sale of gold dor . 
 Revenue by metal 

Silver Lead Zinc Other 
 ) Total 

During 2022, sales to Central Bank of T rkiye, CIBC, and Bank of Montreal accounted for , and of the Company's total revenues, respectively. During 2021, sales to Central Bank of T rkiye and CIBC accounted for and of the Company's total revenues, respectively. During 2020, sales to CIBC, Central Bank of T rkiye, and Bank of Montreal accounted for , , and , of the Company's total revenues, respectively. 
 156 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, a decrease of ) million and a decrease of ) million respectively, which has been recorded in Revenue . 
 million ounces at an average price of per ounce, zinc sales of million pounds at an average price of per pound, and lead sales of million pounds at an average price of per pound, subject to final pricing per the contractual terms over the next several months. 
 
 6. 
 Reclamation expenditures 
 ) ) Accretion expense 
 Additions, changes in estimate and other 
 Balance, end of year Less: current portion ) ) Non-current reclamation liabilities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, reclamation adjustments related to changes in estimate were primarily comprised of million at pler, million at Marigold, million at Seabee, and million at Puna. These adjustments were related to increases in unit cost rates for labor and equipment as well as additional scope of reclamation and closure activities due to disturbance. 
 million at pler, million at Marigold and million at Puna. These adjustments are related to increases in water treatment costs and unit cost rates as well as additional scope of reclamation and closure activities due to disturbance. 
 
 157 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

7. 
 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. There are shares available for issuance under the Share Compensation Plans. 
 Stock-based compensation expense 

General and administrative expense 
 Exploration, evaluation and reclamation expense 
 Other operating expenses, net 

(1) Excludes depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 
 
 Stock options 
 The Company grants stock options to executives and eligible employees. Stock options issued under the Company s incentive plans vest over and are exercisable over a period of time not to exceed the earlier of after the grant date and the latest date permitted under the rules of the regulatory authorities. The exercise price of each option is set at the date of grant and shall not be less than the closing market price of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. New shares from treasury are issued on the exercise of stock options. 
 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Expired 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

158 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

stock options granted in 2022 or 2021. The fair value of stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 were determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Risk-free interest rate ) N/A N/A Expected life (years) N/A N/A Expected volatility ) N/A N/A Weighted-average grant-date fair value (per option) N/A N/A 
 Intrinsic value of options exercised (in thousands) 

Fair value of options vested (in thousands) 

As of December 31, 2022, there was an insignificant amount of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of cash received from stock option exercises was million and the tax benefit from stock options exercised was million. 
 Deferred share units 
 Non-executive directors may elect to receive all or a portion of their annual compensation in the form of DSUs which are linked to the value of the Company's common stock. DSUs are issued on a quarterly basis at the market value of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. DSUs vest immediately and are redeemable in cash. of a director's DSUs will be automatically redeemed on each of the following dates: (i) following the date the eligible director ceases to be a director of the Company and (ii) the earlier of following, or December 31 of the calendar year following the date the eligible director ceases to be a director of the Company. In connection with the acquisition of Alacer, the Company issued DSU Replacement Units to replace the outstanding DSUs of Alacer. Each DSU Replacement Unit entitles the director to receive a payment in cash for the equivalent value of common share on the date the director ceases to be a director. 
 The fair value of the outstanding DSUs and DSU Replacement Units at the end of each reporting period was recognized as a liability and included in Accrued liabilities and other . 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 total cash paid to settle DSUs and DSU Replacement Units was million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the fair value of DSUs and DSU Replacement Units granted and vested was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Granted Exercised/Released ) Canceled/Forfeited Reinvested Balance as of December 31, 2022 

159 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. In connection with the acquisition of Alacer, the Company issued RSU Replacement Units, with terms similar to RSUs, to replace the outstanding unexcercised RSUs of Alacer which vest over a period of . 
 On February 10, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors indicated its intention to settle all RSUs and RSU Replacement Units in common shares when vested. As of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, RSUs and RSU Replacement Units are classified as equity and presented in Common shares . 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total cash paid to settle RSUs and RSU Replacement Units was million, million, and million, respectively. The fair value of RSUs and RSU Replacement Units granted was million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fair value of RSUs and RSU Replacement Units vested was million, million, and million, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs and RSU Replacement Units expected to be recognized over approximately years. 
 Granted 
 Exercised/Released 
 ) Canceled/Forfeited 
 ) Reinvested 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

160 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. The vesting of these awards is based on the Company's actual production and return on investment compared to budget and total shareholder return in comparison to its peer group. Awards vested range from to of initial PSUs granted. In connection with the acquisition of Alacer, the Company issued PSU Replacement Units to replace the outstanding unexcercised PSUs of Alacer. Each PSU Replacement Unit entitles the participant, at the end of the applicable performance period, to receive a payment in cash for the equivalent value of common shares earned, provided: (i) the participant continues to be employed or engaged by the Company or any of its affiliates; and (ii) all other terms and conditions of the grant have been satisfied, including the performance metrics associated with each PSU Replacement Unit. The vesting of these awards is based on actual production and costs against budget, and the performance of the Company's share price relative to its peer group. Awards vested range from to of initial PSU Replacement Units granted. 
 On February 10, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors indicated its intention to settle all PSUs and PSU Replacement Units issued under the Company's plans in cash when vested. As of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, PSUs and PSU Replacement Units were classified as liabilities and included in Accrued liabilities and other . 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total cash paid to settle PSUs and PSU Replacement Units was million, million, and million, respectively. The fair value of PSUs and PSU Replacement Units granted was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The fair value of PSUs and PSU Replacement Units vested was million, million, and million, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs and PSU Replacement Units expected to be recognized over approximately years. 
 
 Granted 
 Exercised/Released 
 ) Canceled/Forfeited 
 ) Reinvested 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Repurchase of common shares 
 On June 20, 2022, the Company received approval of its Normal Course Issuer Bid (the "NCIB") to purchase for cancellation up to million of its common shares through the facilities of the TSX, Nasdaq or other Canadian and U.S. marketplaces over a period beginning June 20, 2022 and ending June 19, 2023. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased of its outstanding common shares pursuant to the NCIB at an average share price of per share for total consideration of million. All shares were cancelled upon purchase. The difference of million between the total amount paid and the amount deducted from common shares of million was recorded as a direct charge to retained earnings. The amount deducted from common shares was determined based on the average paid in capital per common share outstanding prior to the repurchase date. 
 161 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of its outstanding common shares pursuant to the NCIB at an average share price of per share for total consideration of million. All shares were cancelled upon purchase. The difference of million between the total amount paid and the amount deducted from common shares of million was recorded as a direct charge to retained earnings. The amount deducted from common shares was determined based on the average paid in capital per common share outstanding prior to the repurchase date. 
 
 8. 
 
 Canada ) T rkiye Other Foreign Total income before incomes taxes 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Current income tax provision: 
 United States 
 Canada T rkiye Other Foreign Total current income tax provision Deferred income tax provision (benefit): 
 United States 
 Canada ) ) T rkiye ) ) Other foreign ) ) ) Total deferred income tax provision (benefit) 
 ) ) Total income tax provision (benefit) 
 
 ) 
 
 162 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to income before income and mining taxes. 
 Statutory tax rate Expected income and mining tax expense 
 Increase (decrease) attributable to: Non-taxable items ) ) ) Foreign exchange and inflation 
 ) ) ) Differences in foreign and future tax rates ) ) Investment incentive tax credits ) ) Mining taxes and overseas withholding tax 
 Impact of gain on acquisition of Kartaltepe ) Change in estimates in respect of prior years ) ) ) Changes in recognition of deferred tax assets Other Total income and mining tax expense 
 ) 
 
 163 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Reclamation liabilities 
 Lease liabilities 
 Deductibility of other taxes 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Other items 
 Investment incentive tax credits (1) 
 Tax loss carryforwards 
 Less: Valuation allowance 
 ) ) Total deferred income tax assets 
 Deferred income tax liabilities Taxable temporary differences relating to: 
 Marketable securities 
 ) Inventories 
 ) ) Mineral properties, plant and equipment 
 ) ) Convertible notes 
 ) ) Mineral tax 
 ) ) Foreign withholding tax 
 ) Other items 
 ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities 
 
 ) 
 ) Balance sheet presentation Deferred income tax assets 
 Deferred income tax liabilities 
 ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities, net 
 ) ) 
 (1) The Company receives investment incentive tax credits for qualifying capital expenditures at pler. The application of these tax credits, which are denominated in Turkish Lira, reduced income and mining tax expense and cash tax payments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and are expected to offset future cash tax payments. Reviews of eligible expenditures for tax credits by local tax authorities occur periodically and can result in adjustments to the recognition of investment incentive tax credits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had deferred tax liabilities related to investments in subsidiaries that were not recognized as the Company controls the dividend policy of its subsidiaries (i.e., the Company controls the timing of reversal of the related taxable temporary differences and is satisfied that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future). It is not practicable to determine the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liabilities at this time. 
 164 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million mainly related to an increase in net operating and capital loss carryforwards in entities where the Company does not expect to realize a future tax benefit. 
 Tax loss carryforwards 
 2023-2032 Canada 
 2040-2042 U.S.A. 
 2023-Indefinite Argentina 
 
 2026-2027 T rkiye 2026-2027 Peru Indefinite 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 
 The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) the Company determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 
 Increase associated with tax positions taken during the current year Increase (decrease) associated with tax positions taken during a prior year (1) 
 Settlements ) Decrease associated with lapses in statutes of limitation Balance as of December 31 (1) Of the gross unrecognized tax benefits, million were recognized as current liabilities in Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December, 31, 2022. 
 165 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and , respectively, represent the amount of unrecognized tax benefits, inclusive of interest and penalties that, if recognized, would impact the Company s effective income tax rate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of accrued income-tax-related interest and penalties included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was million. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the total amount of the unrecognized tax benefit of million will be settled in the next 12 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of interest and penalties in Income and mining tax benefit (expense) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. amounts were accrued during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, Canada, T rkiye, Argentina and various state, provincial and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal, state and local, and non-US income tax examinations for years before 2017. The Company is currently litigating with respect to withholding tax on distributions from its Turkish operation. 

166 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9. 
 
 Pitarrilla transaction costs 
 SEC Conversion costs 
 Gain on sale of Pitarrilla and other 
 ) Total 

10. 

Change in fair value of marketable securities 
 
 ) 
 Gain (loss) on derivative instruments 
 
 ) 
 Gain (loss) on sale of mineral properties, plant, and equipment 
 ) 
 
 ) Other 
 
 ) 
 Total 

) 

11. 
 
 167 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) Net income attributable to SSR Mining shareholders 

Interest saving on convertible notes, net of tax 

Net income used in the calculation of diluted net income per share 

Weighted average number of common shares issued Adjustments for dilutive instruments: 

Stock options 

Restricted share units 

Convertible notes 

Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Net income per share attributable to SSR Mining shareholders 
 Basic 

Diluted 

168 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

12. 
 
 Restricted cash 
 Marketable securities 
 Trade receivables Deferred consideration 

Fair value at December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 (1) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Level 3 (3) 
 Total 
 Assets: Cash 
 Restricted cash 
 Marketable securities 
 Trade receivables Derivative asset 
 Deferred consideration 
 
 1) Marketable securities of publicly quoted companies, consisting of investments, are valued using a market approach based upon unadjusted quoted prices in an active market obtained from securities exchanges. 
 2) At times, the Company manages a portion of its exposure to fluctuation in diesel prices and foreign currency exchange rates through hedges; however, as of December 31, 2022 the Company does not have any outstanding hedge positions. In periods when the Company has open hedge positions, the derivative asset and liabilities are valued using pricing models with inputs derived from observable market data, 
 169 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Acquisition of deferred consideration Disposition of deferred consideration ) Ending balance as of December 31 

The fair value of the deferred consideration was estimated using the discounted cash flow method. The discount rate used to calculate the Company's deferred consideration assets was between and at December 31, 2022 and between and at December 31, 2021. Increases to the discount rate will cause a decrease in the estimated value of the deferred consideration. The timing of achievement of development milestones were considered in determining the fair value of the deferred consideration. 
 Fair values of financial assets and liabilities not already measured at fair value 

Term Loan (2) 
 2 
 Total borrowings 

(1) The fair value disclosed for the Company's 2019 Notes is included in Level 1 as the basis of valuation uses a quoted price in an active market. 
 
 170 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

13. 
 
 Value added tax receivables Income tax receivable Other taxes receivable Other Total 
 
 provision for credit loss was recognized as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. All trade receivables are expected to be settled within twelve months. 
 
 14. 
 
 Stockpiled ore Leach pad inventory Work-in-process Finished goods Total current inventories 
 
 Stockpiled ore Materials and supplies Total non-current inventories 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recognized a reserve of million and million for obsolete materials and supplies inventory, respectively. 
 write-downs of stockpiled ore inventories were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized write-downs of stockpiled ore inventories of million classified as components of Cost of sales and Depreciation, depletion and amortization . 
 171 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

15. 
 Construction in process 
 Mineral properties subject to depletion 
 
 Mineral properties not yet subject to depletion 
 Exploration and evaluation assets 
 
 Total mineral properties, plant, and equipment Accumulated depreciation, plant and equipment 
 
 ) ) Accumulated depreciation, mineral properties ) ) Mineral properties, plant, and equipment, net 
 million and , respectively. 
 
 16. 

17. 
 
 Royalties payable Stock-based compensation liabilities 
 Income taxes payable Lease liabilities Reclamation liabilities 
 Other Total accrued liabilities and other 
 
 172 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

18. 
 
 Term Loan Other Total carrying amount 

Current portion 
 
 Non-current portion 

(1) Amount is net of discount and debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively. 
 Convertible debt 
 2019 Notes 
 On March 19, 2019, the Company issued million of convertible senior notes due in 2039 (the 2019 Notes for net proceeds of million after payment of commissions and expenses related to the offering of million. The 2019 Notes mature on April 1, 2039 and bear an interest rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The 2019 Notes are conv ertible into the Company's common shares at a fixed conversion rate, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. In addition, if certain fundamental changes occur, holders of the 2019 Notes may be entitled to an increased conversion rate. 
 As a result of ongoing dividends and in accordance with the 2019 Notes agreement, during the fourth quarter of 2022 the conversion rate was adjusted to 55.6750 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of 2019 Notes converted. 
 Prior to April 1, 2023, the Company may not redeem the 2019 Notes, except in the event of certain changes in Canadian tax law. On or after April 1, 2023 and prior to April 1, 2026, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2019 Notes for cash, but only if the last reported sales price of its common stock for or more trading days in a period of consecutive trading days exceeds of the c onversion price in effect on each such trading day. On or after April 1, 2026, the Company may redeem the 2019 Notes in full or in part, for cash. 
 Holders of the 2019 Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or part of their 2019 Notes on April 1 of each of 2026, 2029 and 2034, or upon certain fundamental corporate changes. The repurchase price will be equal to par plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Company does not have any financial covenants in relation to the 2019 Notes. 
 Term Loan 
 On September 16, 2020, in connection with the acquisition of the pler mine , the Company assumed a term loan (the "Term Loan"), with a fair value of million at the date of acquisition, with a syndicate of lenders (BNP Paribas (Suisse) SA, ING Bank NV, Societe Generale Corporate Investment Banking and UniCredit S.P.A.). The Term Loan bears interest at the London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus a fixed interest rate margin in the range of to depending on the tranche. The Term Loan has no mandatory hedging or cash sweep requirements, no prepayment penalties, and final repayment is scheduled in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 173 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million of restricted cash relates to the Term Loan, respectively. Restricted cash is classified as a current asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Under the terms of the Term Loan, the Company is required to comply with the following financial covenants: 
 historic and forecast debt service cover ratio greater than or equal to :1 ; 
 loan life cover ratio greater than or equal to :1 ; and 
 minimum tail reserves as a percentage of total reserves greater than or equal to . 
 As a result of the temporarily suspended operations at the pler mine during most of the third quarter of 2022, the Company was not in compliance with certain financial covenants in relation to the Term Loan as of September 30, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company received a waiver for the non-compliance event. The Company is in compliance with its financial covenants in relation to the Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 . 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 On June 7, 2021, the Company amended its existing Credit Facility to extend its maturity to June 8, 2025 and increase the Credit Agreement to million with a million accordion feature (the "Amended Credit Agreement"). Amounts drawn under the Amended Credit Agreement are subject to variable interest rates at LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from to , based on the Company's net leverage r atio. The Amended Credit Agreement contains fallback language that replaces LIBOR with an alternative benchmark rate based on either SOFR or another alternative benchmark rate when LIBOR ceases to exist. Undrawn amounts are subject to a standby fee ranging from to , based on the Company's net leverage ratio. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement also pr ovides for non-financial letters of credit at of the applicable margin. 
 All debts, liabilities and obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company's material subsidiaries and secured by certain of the Company's assets and material subsidiaries, and pledges of the securities of the Company's material subsidiaries, excluding Alacer entities. In connection with the Credit Agreement, the Company must also maintain certain net tangible worth and ratios for interest coverage and net leverage. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. 
 As of December 31, 2022, borrowings were outstanding on the Amended Credit Agreement, million of borrowing capacity was available and outstanding letters of credit total ed m illion. 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 

19. 
 to with renewal terms included in the contracts. Some are automatic renewals, and some are at the option of the Company. There are no restrictions placed upon the lessee by entering into these leases. 
 174 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years ending in 2033 with options to extend for consecutive periods. The lease term used in the measurement of the Company's lease liability and right-of-use asset includes consecutive extension periods ending in 2041 for which the Company is reasonably certain to exercise its option in line with the pler LOM. 
 The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate to determine the present value of the lease payments, as the leases do not have readily determinable implicit discount rates. The Company s incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that it would have to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term and amount in a similar economic environment to pay its lease obligations. The Company determines the incremental borrowing rates for its leases by adjusting the local risk-free interest rate with a credit risk premium corresponding to its credit rating. From time to time, the Company may enter into arrangements for the construction or purchase of an asset and then enter into a financing arrangement to lease the asset. The Company recognizes leased assets and liabilities under these arrangements when it obtain control of the asset. 
 175 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Operating lease right-of-use assets (included in Other non-current assets 
 Total lease right-of-use-assets 
 
 Short-term finance lease liabilities (included in Finance lease liabilities 

Short-term operating lease liabilities (included in Accrued liabilities and other 
 Long-term finance lease liabilities (included in Finance Lease liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities (included in Other non-current liabilities 
 Total lease liabilities 
 
 The components of the Company s leases presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating leases Finance leases: Amortization of lease cost 

Interest expense on lease liabilities 
 Variable and short-term leases Total 
 For finance leases, amortization and interest expense is included in Interest expense . For operating leases, lease expense is included in Cost of sales for entities with production and General and administrative expense for corporate entities. 
 Finance leases within cash flows from financing activities 

176 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases (in years) Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amounts representing interest 
 Present value of net minimum lease payments 
 Less: current portion of lease liabilities 
 Long-term lease liabilities 

20.) ) Inventories 
 ) ) ) Other operating assets 
 ) ) Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 ) Accrued liabilities and other 
 ) ) Reclamation liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 177 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 ) 
 ) Interest received 

Income taxes paid 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 21. 
 million and million outstanding, respectively. 
 Other commitments and contingencies 
 
 178 

SSR Mining Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. Internal controls over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, Management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management and directors of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013. Based upon its assessment, Management concluded that, at December 31, 2022, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements included in this Annual Report and issued its attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 179 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information concerning this item is contained in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A or, if such definitive Proxy Statement is not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year, an amendment to this Annual Report filed under cover of Form 10-K/A. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information concerning this item is contained in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A or, if such definitive Proxy Statement is not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year, an amendment to this Annual Report filed under cover of Form 10-K/A. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information concerning this item is contained in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A or, if such definitive Proxy Statement is not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year, an amendment to this Annual Report filed under cover of Form 10-K/A. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information concerning this item is contained in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A or, if such definitive Proxy Statement is not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year, an amendment to this Annual Report filed under cover of Form 10-K/A. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information concerning this item is contained in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A or, if such definitive Proxy Statement is not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year, an amendment to this Annual Report filed under cover of Form 10-K/A. 

180 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report: 
 1. Consolidated financial statements: the consolidated financial statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial statement schedules: All schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required, or the information is included in the above referenced consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits furnished pursuant to the requirements of Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit Number 2.1 SSR Mining Inc. and Alacer Gold Corp. Arrangement Agreement dated May 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to SSR Mining Inc.'s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on May 21, 2020). 
 3.1 Memorandum, Articles and Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 20-F (File No. 0-26424), filed on July 13, 1995). 3.2 Notice of Articles and Articles filed under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) dated August 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to SSR Mining Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A filed with the SEC on September 26, 2018). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2019, among SSR Mining Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to SSR Mining Inc. s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2019). 
 4.2 Form of Global 2.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2039 (incorporated by reference to SSR Mining Inc. s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2019). 
 4.3 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 4.4 Amended and Restated Shareholder Rights Plan Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2018, between SSR Mining and Computershare Investor Services Inc. (incorporated by reference to SSR Mining Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A filed with the SEC on September 26, 2018). 
 10.1 
 Credit Agreement, dated August 4, 2015, among Silver Standard Resources Inc., as the Borrower, and The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as the Sole Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and Administrative Agent, Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Lenders. 
 10.2 Amending Agreement No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated May 31, 2016, among SSR Mining, as the Borrower, and The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as the Sole Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and Administrative Agent, Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Royal Bank of Canada and ING Capital LLC, as Lenders. 
 10.3 Amending Agreement No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated June 8, 2017, among SSR Mining, as the Borrower, and The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as the Sole Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and Administrative Agent, Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Royal Bank of Canada and ING Capital LLC, as Lenders. 
 
 181 

10.4 Amending Agreement No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated January 21, 2020, among SSR Mining, as the Borrower, and The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as the Sole Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and Administrative Agent, Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Royal Bank of Canada and ING Capital LLC, as Lenders. 
 10.5 Amending Agreement No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated June 3, 2020, among SSR Mining, as the Borrower, and The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as the Sole Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and Administrative Agent, Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Royal Bank of Canada and ING Capital LLC, as Lenders. 
 10.6 Amending Agreement No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated June 7, 2021, among SSR Mining, as the Borrower, and The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as the Sole Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and Administrative Agent, Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Royal Bank of Canada and ING Capital LLC, as Lenders. 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Facility Agreement, dated Jun 16, 2016, among Anagold Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S., as the Borrower, Alacer Gold Corp., Lidya Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S., Alacer Gold Madencilik A.S., Banka Kombetare Tregtare SHA, Societe Generale, London Branch, BNP Paribas (Suisse) SA, ING Bank N.V. and Unicredit Bank Austria AG, each as a Mandated Lead Arranger, ING Bank N.V., as the Facility Agent and Security Holder, BNP Paribas (Suisse) SA, as Technical Agent, Societe Generale, London Branch, as Documentation Agent, the Financial Institutions party thereto as Hedge Providers, and the Financial Institutions party thereto as Financial Institutions. 
 10.8 Waiver and Amendment Letter, dated December 30, 2022, between ING Bank N.V., as Facility Agent acting for and on behalf of the Majority Lenders, and Anagold Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S., as the Borrower. 
 10.9 SSR Mining Inc. 2021 Share Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to SSR Mining Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2021). 
 10.10 SSR Mining Inc. Non-Employee Director s Deferred Share Unit Plan. 
 10.11 SSR Mining Inc. 2020 Share Compensation Plan. 
 10.12 SSR Mining Inc. 2017 Share Compensation Plan. 
 10.13 Alacer Gold Corp. 2017 Restricted Stock Unit Plan. 
 10.14 Alacer Gold Corp. 2017 Performance Share Unit Plan. 
 10.15 SSR Mining Inc. Short-Term Incentive Compensation Program Plan. 
 10.16 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, between SSR Mining Inc. and Gregory Martin. 
 10.17 Termination of Employment Letter, dated February 26, 2021, between SSR Mining Inc. and Gregory Martin. 
 10.18 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, between SSR Mining Inc. and Rodney P. Antal. 
 10.19 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, between SSR Mining Inc. and Stewart Beckman. 
 10.20 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, between SSR Mining Inc. and F. Edward Farid. 
 
 182 

10.21 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, between SSR Mining Inc. and Michael J. Sparks. 
 10.22 Employment Agreement, dated February 26, 2021, between SSR Mining Inc. and Alison White. 
 10.23 Transition Agreement and General Release, dated August 1, 2022, between SSR Mining Inc., SSR Management Inc. and Stewart Beckman. 
 10.24 SSR Mining Inc. 2020 Share Compensation Plan Form Agreement for Restricted Share Units. 
 10.25 SSR Mining Inc. 2020 Share Compensation Plan Form Agreement for Performance Share Units. 
 10.26 Alacer Gold Corp. 2017 Restricted Stock Unit Plan Form Award Letter. 
 10.27 Alacer Gold Corp. 2017 Performance Share Unit Plan Form Award Letter. 
 21 + Subsidiaries of SSR Mining Inc. 
 23.1 + Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 23.2 + Consent of Karthik Rathnam. 
 23.3 + Consent of Brandon Heser. 
 31.1 + Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 + Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1++ Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2++ Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 95 + Mine Safety Information Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 101 + The following materials from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 ++ Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). + Filed herewith ++ Furnished herewith Indicates a previously filed management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 183 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SSR MINING INC. Registrant 
 Date: February 22, 2023 /s/ Rodney P. Antal Name: Rodney P. Antal Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 184 

Name Position Date /s/ Rodney P. Antal President, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 22, 2023 Rodney P. Antal (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Alison White Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2023 Alison White (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Russell Farnsworth Vice President, Controller February 22, 2023 Russell Farnsworth (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ A.E. Michael Anglin Chairman of the Board of Directors February 22, 2023 A.E. Michael Anglin /s/ Thomas Bates, Jr. Director February 22, 2023 Thomas Bates, Jr. /s/ Brian R. Booth Director February 22, 2023 Brian R. Booth /s/ Simon A. Fish Director February 22, 2023 Simon A. Fish /s/ Leigh Ann Fisher Director February 22, 2023 Leigh Ann Fisher /s/ Alan P. Krusi Director February 22, 2023 Alan P. Krusi /s/ Kay Priestly Director February 22, 2023 Kay Priestly /s/ Karen Swager Director February 22, 2023 Karen Swager 

185 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 exhibit43descriptionofther.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, SSR Mining Inc. s we, us, or the Company common shares without par value and common share purchase rights, respectively, are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 Description of Common Shares 
 The following description of our common shares is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, Notice of Articles and Articles, each filed under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, Notice of Articles and Articles filed under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia), and the applicable provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia), for additional information. 
 The Company s authorized share capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares, without par value, of which 206,762,854 common shares were issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023. In addition, the Company has 18,734,504 CHESS depository interests outstanding as of January 31, 2023. 
 All of the Company s common shares rank equally as to voting rights, participation in a distribution of the Company s assets on a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and the entitlement to dividends. The holders of the Company s common shares are entitled to receive notice of, and to attend and vote at, all meetings of shareholders (other than meetings at which only holders of another class or series of shares are entitled to vote). Each common share carries with it the right to one vote. 
 In the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up or other distribution of the Company s assets, the holders of the Company s common shares will be entitled to receive, on a pro rata basis, all of the assets remaining after the Company has paid out the Company s liabilities. Distributions in the form of dividends, if any, will be set by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Any alteration of the rights attached to the Company s common shares must be approved by at least two-thirds of the common shares voted at a meeting of the Company s shareholders. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 exhibit106ssrmining-amendi.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

Execution Copy 

AMENDING AGREEMENT NO. 5 
 
 dated as of 
 
 JUNE 7, 2021 
 
 among 
 
 SSR MINING INC. 
 
 as Borrower and 
 THE LENDERS PARTIES HERETO 
 
 as Lenders and 
 CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE 
 
 as Administrative Agent, Sole Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and Issuing Bank and 
 BANK OF MONTREAL and THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 
 as Co-Syndication Agents 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

AMENDING AGREEMENT NO. 5 

THIS AMENDING AGREEMENT NO. 5 (this Amending Agreement is made as of June 7, 2021 between SSR Mining Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative agent. 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 A. Reference is made to the credit agreement dated as of August 4, 2015 between, inter alios , SSR Mining Inc. (formerly Silver Standard Resources Inc.), as borrower (the Borrower ), the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), as amended by amending agreement no. 1 dated as of May 31, 2016, amending agreement no. 2 dated June 8, 2017, amending agreement no. 3 dated January 21, 2020 and amending agreement no. 4 dated June 3, 2020 (collectively, the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 B. The Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent wish to amend the Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set out herein. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES that, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Amending Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE 1 INTERPRETATION 
 
 1.1 One Amending Agreement . This Amending Agreement amends the Credit Agreement. This Amending Agreement and the Credit Agreement shall be read, interpreted, construed and have effect as, and shall constitute, one agreement with the same effect as if the amendments made by this Amending Agreement had been contained in the Credit Agreement as of the date of this Amending Agreement. 
 
 1.2 Defined Terms . In this Amending Agreement, unless something in the subject matter or context is inconsistent 
 
 (a) terms defined in the description of the parties or in the recitals have the respective meanings given to them in the description or recitals, as applicable 
 
 (b) Amended Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amending Agreement and 
 
 (c) all other capitalized terms have the respective meanings given to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 2 - 
 
 1.3 Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections of this Amending Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Amending Agreement. 
 
 1.4 References . All references to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules, unless otherwise specified, are to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE 2 AMENDMENTS 
 
 2.1 Co-Syndication Agents . The Borrower hereby appoints Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia to act, and Bank of Montreal and The Bank of Nova Scotia hereby agree to act, as co-syndication agents with respect to the Credit (in such capacities, the Co-Syndication Agents ). Each of the Co-Syndication Agents will perform the duties and exercise the authority customarily performed and exercised by it in the foregoing roles, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Co-Syndication Agents shall have no duties or obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 2.2 Deleted Definitions . The definition of Utilization Percentage in Section 1.1 is deleted in its entirety. 
 
 2.3 New Definitions. The following definitions are added to Section 1.1 in alphabetical order 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means 
 
 (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and 
 
 (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their respective Affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 3 - 
 
 institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.13(a). 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.13(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Facilities has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.13(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.13(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.13(d). 
 Fifth Amendment Date means June 7, 2021. 
 Insolvent Lender means any Lender that (a) has been adjudicated as, or determined by an Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets to be, insolvent, (b) becomes the subject of an insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization proceeding, or (c) becomes the subject of an appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, monitor, trustee or liquidator under the Bank Act (Canada) or any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law now existing or hereafter enacted provided that a Lender shall not be an Insolvent Defaulting Lender (i) solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition by a Governmental Authority of an instrumentality thereof of any Equity Securities in such Lender or a parent company thereof, or (ii) due to an Undisclosed Administration. 
 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.13(a). 
 Resolution Authority means, with respect to an EEA Financial Institution, an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain Affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 4 - 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution 
 
 Undisclosed Administration means, in relation to a Lender or its direct or indirect parent company, the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, receiver manager, trustee, custodian, or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Lender or such parent company is subject to home jurisdiction, if applicable law requires that such appointment not be disclosed. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means 
 
 (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and 
 
 (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable UK Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 2.4 Applicable Margin. The definition of Applicable Margin in Section 1.1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 Applicable Margin means the applicable rate per annum, expressed as a percentage, set out in the relevant column and row of the table below, based on the Net Leverage Ratio as at the most recent Quarterly Date with respect to which the Borrower has delivered financial information to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1(1). 

Row 

Net Leverage Ratio 
 B A Borrowing, LIBO Rate Loan or Financial Letter of Credit 
 
 Canadian Prime Loan or Base Rate Loan 
 Non- Financial Letter of Credit 

Standby Fee 
 1 
 1.0x 
 200 bps 
 100 bps 
 133.33 bps 
 40.0 bps 
 2 
 1.0x and 1.5x 
 225 bps 
 125 bps 
 150 bps 
 45.0 bps 
 3 
 1.5x and 2.5x 
 250 bps 
 150 bps 
 166.67 bps 
 50.0 bps 
 4 
 2.5x 
 300 bps 
 200 bps 
 200 bps 
 60.0 bps 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 5 - 
 
 As of the Fifth Amendment Date, the Applicable Margin shall be the margin provided for in Row 1 of the above grid provided that the Applicable Margin with respect to any B A Borrowing outstanding on the Fifth Amendment Date shall remain the Applicable Margin in effect prior to the Fifth Amendment Date until the rollover or conversion of such B A Borrowing. Thereafter, the Applicable Margin shall change (to the extent necessary, if any) on the first Business Day following the next last date on which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate of the Borrower are required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1(1) to reflect any change in the Net Leverage Ratio effective as of the date of such financial statements, based upon the financial statements for the immediately preceding Rolling Period, or if such day is not a Business Day, then the first Business Day thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Borrower fails to deliver financial statements and the certificate of the Borrower as required by Section 5.1(1) on or before the date required pursuant to Section 5.1(1) (without regard to grace periods), the Applicable Margin shall be the highest margins provided for in the above grid from the date such financial statements are due pursuant to Section 5.1(1) (without regard to grace periods) through the date the Administrative Agent receives all financial statements and certificates that are then due pursuant to Section 5.1(1), at which time the Applicable Margin shall again be set out in accordance with the above grid. 
 
 2.5 Contract Period. The definition of Contract Period in Section 1.1 is amended by deleting or, if available, as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith, six months and adding or after two months . 
 
 2.6 Credit . The definition of Credit in Section 1.1 is amended by deleting the reference to U.S. 75,000,000 and replacing it with U.S. 200,000,000 . 
 
 2.7 Defaulting Lender. The definition of Insolvent Defaulting Lender is deleted in its entirety, and all references thereto replaced with Insolvent Lender . The definition of Defaulting Lender in Section 1.1 is amended by deleting clause (e) thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following 
 
 (e) an Insolvent Lender 
 
 2.8 Governmental Authority. The definition of Governmental Authority in Section 1.1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 Governmental Authority means the Government of Canada, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether provincial, state, territorial or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank, fiscal or monetary authority or other authority regulating financial institutions, and any other entity or supra-national body exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, including the Bank Committee on Banking Regulation and Supervisory Practices of the Bank of International Settlements, the European Union and the European Central Bank. 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 6 - 
 
 2.9 Interest Period. The definition of Interest Period in Section 1.1 is amended by deleting , 2, in the first sentence of such definition. 
 
 2.10 Maturity Date. The definition of Maturity Date in Section 1.1 is amended by deleting the reference to June 8, 2021 and replacing it with June 8, 2025 . 
 
 2.11 Permitted Repayment . The definition of Permitted Repayment in Section 1.1. is amended by deleting the word and at the end of clause (d) thereof and replacing it with or . 
 
 2.12 Secured Hedge Arrangement. The definition of Secured Hedge Arrangement in Section 1.1 is amended by deleting the final sentence thereof and replacing it with the following 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any Hedge Arrangement entered into by a Credit Party with a Person before such Person is a Lender or Lender Affiliate or after such Person ceases to be a Lender or Lender Affiliate shall not be a Secured Hedge Arrangement, and 
 (ii) any Secured Hedge Arrangement shall continue as such notwithstanding that such Person ceases to be a Lender or a Lender Affiliate. 
 2.13 Secured Liabilities. The definition of Secured Liabilities in Section 1.1 is amended by deleting the language in the second parenthesis in its entirety and replacing it with the following 
 
 (including Secured Cash Management Obligations, Secured Hedge Obligations and Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights) 
 
 2.14 Tangible Net Worth Floor. The definition of Tangible Net Worth Floor in Section 
 1.5 is amended by 
 
 (a) deleting reference to July 31, 2015 in clause (a) and replacing it with March 31, 2021 
 
 (b) deleting reference to August 1, 2015 in clause (b) and replacing it with April 1, 2021 . 
 
 2.15 Accordion. Section 2.1(2)(c)(iv) is amended by deleting reference to 25,000,000 and replacing it with 100,000,000 . 
 
 2.16 Upfront Fee . Subsection 2.10(2) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (2) Upfront Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender an upfront fee equal to 0.40 of such Lender s Commitment, such fee to be earned and payable on the Fifth Amendment Date. 
 
 2.17 Alternate Rate of Interest. Section 2.12(2) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (2) LIBO Rate Replacement. 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 7 - 
 
 (a) Replacing LIBO Rate. On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of the LIBO Rate s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight Spot Next, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month LIBO Rate tenor settings. On the earlier of (i) the date that all Available Tenors of the LIBO Rate have either permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative and (ii) the Early Opt-in Effective Date, if the then-current Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 
 (b) Replacing Future Benchmarks. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. 
 
 (c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 8 - 
 
 (d) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.12(2), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12(2). 
 
 (e) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or the LIBO Rate), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (ii) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 (g) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 2.12(2) 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then- current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Benchmark means, initially, the LIBO Rate provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to this Section 2.12(2) titled Benchmark Replacement Setting , then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor 
 (a) For purposes of clause (a) of this Section 2.12(2), the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (i) the sum of (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, and 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six- months duration, or 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 9 - 
 
 (ii) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) the spread adjustment selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of the tenor of the LIBO Rate with a SOFR-based rate having approximately the same length as the interest payment period specified in clause (a) of this Section 2.12(2) and 
 (b) For purposes of clause (b) of this Section 2.12(2), the sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate and (ii) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for such Available Tenor of such Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time 
 provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that 
 (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 10 - 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans provided , that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6 th Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of 
 (a) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding U.S. Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 (b) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the LIBO Rate. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org (or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the administrator of the secured overnight financing rate from time to time). 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 2.18 Defaulting Lenders . Section 2.21 is amended by deleting clause (b) thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 11 - 
 
 (b) The Commitment of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders or the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 9.2) provided that any waiver or amendment (i) which affects such Defaulting Lender differently than other Lenders generally, or (ii) described in Section 9.2(a), (b) or (c) that affects such Defaulting Lender, shall in each case require the consent of such Defaulting Lender 
 
 2.19 Pension Plans. Section 3.1(11) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (11) Pension Plans and Benefit Plans. All Pension Plans are duly registered under the Income Tax Act, applicable pension standards legislation and any other applicable Laws which require registration and, to the best of the Borrower s knowledge, no event has occurred which could reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such registered status. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.1(11) describes each Benefit Plan and lists the name and registration number of each Pension Plan, none of which are Defined Benefit Plans. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Pension Plans have each been administered, funded and invested in accordance with the terms of the particular plan, all applicable Laws including, where applicable, the Income Tax Act and pension standards legislation, and the terms of all applicable collective bargaining agreements. All material obligations of each of the Credit Parties (including fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations) required to be performed in connection with the Pension Plans and the funding agreements therefor have been performed on a timely basis. All employee and employer payments, contributions (including normal cost , special payments and any other payments in respect of any funding deficiencies or shortfalls) required to be withheld, made, remitted or paid to or in respect of each Pension Plan and all other amounts that are due to the pension fund of any Pension Plan from a Credit Party or an Affiliate have been withheld, made, remitted or paid on a timely basis in accordance with the terms of such plans, any applicable collective bargaining agreements, and all applicable Laws. Any assessments owed to the Pension Benefits Guarantee Fund established under the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario), or other assessments or payments required under similar legislation in any other jurisdiction, in respect of any Pension Plan have been paid when due. No event has occurred which could reasonably be expected to give rise to a partial or full termination of any Defined Benefit Plan. No event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that could trigger or otherwise require immediate or accelerated funding in respect of any Defined Benefit Plan. Each Defined Benefit Plan is funded on a solvency basis, going concern basis and wind-up basis (using actuarial methods and assumptions which are consistent with the actuarial valuations last filed for the particular plan with the applicable Governmental Authorities to the extent required by applicable Laws). Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(11), none of the Pension Plans, the Benefits Plans or the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates is subject to the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent one or more Pension Plans to which a Credit Party makes contributions but does not sponsor or 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 12 - 
 
 administer, the aforementioned representations are to the best of the Borrower s knowledge. 
 2.20 Intellectual Property Rights . Section 3.1(19) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (19) Intentionally Deleted. 
 
 Schedule 3.1(19) and the reference thereto in the Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety. 
 
 2.21 Interest Coverage Ratio . Section 5.1(12)(a) is amended by deleting reference to 4.00 and replacing it with 3.00 . 
 
 2.22 Know Your Customer. The following Section 5.1(24) is added to Section 5.1 in numerical order 
 
 5.1(24) Know Your Customer. As soon as reasonably practicable following the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Borrower shall provide any documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including AML Legislation, the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) and OFAC. 
 
 2.23 Asset Dispositions. Section 6.1(5) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (5) Asset Dispositions. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, make any Asset Disposition, except where the aggregate book value of the subject matter of all Asset Dispositions in any Fiscal Year would not exceed an amount equal to 5 of the Tangible Net Worth as at the beginning of such Fiscal Year provided that 
 
 (a) the sale of a direct or indirect interest in the San Luis Project, the Chinchillas Project, the Pitarrilla Project or the Pirquitas Project (or any portion thereof) 
 (b) the sale of any or all net smelter return royalties, other royalties or other participating interests owned on the Fifth Amendment Date by any Credit Party in respect of properties (or production therefrom) owned or held by Persons (other than any other Credit Party) and 
 (c) the sale of deferred cash consideration payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed US 20,000,000 owing to the Borrower pursuant to sale transactions entered into prior to the Fifth Amendment Date 
 shall not be included in determining such cap, such that any sales referred to in above paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) are unrestricted. 
 2.24 Investments . Section 6.1(6)(g) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (g) Investments made 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 13 - 
 
 (i) in the Argentine Subsidiaries since the Second Amendment Date and 
 
 (ii) in the Alacer Subsidiaries since the Fifth Amendment Date in an aggregate amount of up to U.S. 100,000,000 or 
 2.25 Restricted Payments. Section 6.1(9)(g) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (f) the Borrower may make any other Restricted Payment if following such Payment the Net Leverage Ratio would be no greater than 2.50 1.00 and 
 2.26 Pension Plan Compliance. Section 6.1(12) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (12) Pension Plan Compliance. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to 
 (d) terminate any Defined Benefit Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability of a Credit Party 
 (e) establish, sponsor, maintain, contribute to, or otherwise incur liability under any Defined Benefit Plan, unless consented to by the Required Lenders 
 (f) fail to withhold, make, remit or pay when due or permit any other Credit Party to fail to withhold, make, remit or pay when due any employee or employer payments, contributions (including normal cost , special payments and any other payments in respect of any funding deficiencies or shortfalls) to or in respect of any Pension Plan pursuant to the terms of the particular plan, any applicable collective bargaining agreement or applicable Law or 
 (g) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to any multi-employer pension plan as such term is defined in the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario) or any similar plan under pension standards legislation in another jurisdiction unless the Borrower s only obligation in respect of such plan is to remit current service contributions as set forth in the applicable collective bargaining agreement. 
 2.27 Erroneous Payments . The following Section 8.13 is added to Article 8 in numerical order 
 
 8.13 Erroneous Payments by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (1) Clawback. If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or other Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or other Secured Party under or pursuant to any of the Loan Documents (any such Lender, other Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 14 - 
 
 from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted or paid to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, other Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or other Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than three Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of (x) in respect of an Erroneous Payment in 
 U.S. Dollars, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, in respect of an Erroneous Payment in Canadian Dollars or any other currency at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the overnight rate at which Canadian Dollars or funds in the currency of such Erroneous Payment, as the case may be, may be borrowed by the Administrative Agent in the interbank market in an amount comparable to such Erroneous Payment (as determined by the Administrative Agent) and (y) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or prevailing market practice for interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this Section 8.13(1) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 (2) Error Designation. Without limiting the immediately preceding Section 8.13(1), each Lender or other Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or other Secured Party under or pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, hereby further agrees that if 
 it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 15 - 
 
 transmitted, paid, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case 
 (h) (i) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent express written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (ii) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment and 
 
 (i) such Lender or other Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.13(2). 
 
 (3) Set-off. Each Lender or other Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set-off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or other Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or other Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding Section 8.13(1) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (4) Assignment. In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the immediately preceding Section 8.13(1), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender at any time 
 
 (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not any of its Commitments) under any of the applicable Facilities with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Facilities in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not any of its Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Facilities, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 16 - 
 
 Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment 
 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment 
 
 (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and any of its Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender and 
 
 (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. 
 
 Subject to Section 9.4, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and, upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender under any of the Facilities and such Commitments under such Facilities shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or other Secured Party under the applicable Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (5) Indebtedness Satisfaction. The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Indebtedness owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 17 - 
 
 respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of or corresponds to funds received by the Administrative Agent from (i) the Borrower or any other Loan Party or (ii) the proceeds of realization from the enforcement of one or more of the Loan Documents against or in respect of one or more of the Loan Parties provided that, in each case, such funds were received by the Administrative Agent for the purpose of discharging Indebtedness. 
 
 (6) Waiver of Defences. To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including waiver of any defense based on discharge for value , good consideration for the Erroneous Payment or change of position by such Payment Recipient, any defense that the intent of the Administrative Agent was that such Payment Recipient retain the Erroneous Payment in all events, or any doctrine or defense similar to any of the foregoing. 
 
 (7) Survival. Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.13 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, or any assignment or transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an Affiliate thereof the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 
 (8) Affiliates. For purposes of this Section 8.13, each Lender 
 (i) agrees it is executing and delivering this Agreement with respect to this Section 8.13 both on its own behalf and as agent for and on behalf of its Affiliates referred to in this Section 8.13 and any Person receiving funds under or pursuant to any of the Loan Documents on behalf of such Lender or any of such Affiliates 
 
 (ii) represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that its Affiliates referred to in this Section 8.13 and any Person receiving funds under or pursuant to any of the Loan Documents on behalf of such Lender or any of such Affiliates are bound by the provisions of this Section 8.13 and 
 
 (iii) agrees that any matter or thing done or omitted to be done by such Lender, its Affiliates, or any Person receiving funds under or pursuant to any of the Loan Documents on behalf of such Lender or any of such Affiliates which are the subject of this Section 8.13 will be binding upon such Lender and such Lender does hereby 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 18 - 
 
 indemnify and save the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates harmless from any and all losses, expenses, claims, demands or other liabilities of the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates resulting from the failure of such Lender, its Affiliates or such Persons to comply with their obligations under and in respect of this Section 8.13, in each case. 
 
 (9) No Borrower Liability . Except pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment or the exercise of any Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights (or any equivalent equitable subrogation rights), the Borrower shall not have any liability to the Agent for any Erroneous Payment or any interest, loss, cost or damages related there to arising therefrom under any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan document or under any legal principle or theory, whether arising by law or in equity. 
 
 2.28 Lender Pledge of Security. Section 9.4(7) is amended by deleting the reference to Federal Reserve Bank and replacing it with FRBNY or any other central banking authority . 
 
 2.29 Confidentiality. Section 9.15 is amended by deleting the word or at the end of clause 
 (h) and adding the following immediately before the final . 
 
 (j) to their applicable insurers and credit risk support providers, or (k) as required thereby, to their third party administration, settlement and similar service providers. 
 
 2.30 Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Article 9 is amended by adding the following Section 9.21 in numerical order 
 
 9.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 19 - 
 
 otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 2.31 Exhibit B. The Calculation Worksheet appended to Exhibit B is amended by replacing the paragraph below the table named Tangible Net Worth with the following 
 
 (required to be no less than 75 of U.S. 883,000,000 plus 50 of Net Income calculated on a cumulative basis from and after April 1, 2021 until the most recent Quarterly Date.). In calculating cumulative Net Income for the purposes of this definition, no deduction shall be made in respect of Net Income for any Fiscal Quarter which is less than nil. 
 2.32 Schedule 2.1. Schedule 2.1 is amended by replacing the Lender Commitments chart with the following 
 
 Lender Commitment 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce The Bank of Nova Scotia 
 Bank of Montreal Royal Bank of Canada ING Capital LLC Total 

U.S 60,000,000 U.S. 45,000,000 U.S. 45,000,000 U.S. 25,000,000 U.S. 25,000,000 U.S. 200,000,000 

2.33 Representation Schedules . Schedules 3.1(3), 3.1(9), 3.1(10), 3.1(11), 3.1(16) 3.1(17), 
 3.1(21), 3.1(26), 3.1(27), 3.1(28), 3.1(32), and 3.1(34) are deleted in their entirety and replace with the corresponding schedules attached hereto. 
 
 2.34 Schedule 9.1. Schedule 9.1 is amended by deleting kurt.foellmer scotiabank.com from the table titled Lender and Issuing Bank Contact Information and replacing it with ian.stephenson scotiabank.com . 
 
 2.35 Post-Closing Deliverables . The Borrower agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent 
 
 (c) an amendment and restatement of the Nevada law Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Production, Rents and Leasehold Interests, Financing Statement and Fixture Filing dated August 4, 2015 among Marigold Mining Company, Stewart Title Company and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce to increase the amount secured thereby to U.S. 500 million (the NV Deed Amendment 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 20 - 
 
 (d) a legal opinion from Nevada counsel to the Borrower with respect to the NV Deed Amendment, together with customary supporting materials 
 
 (e) First Supplemental Demand Debenture dated August 31, 2016 from SGO Mining Inc. (formerly Claude Resources Inc.) in favour of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce to increase the amount secured thereby to Cdn. 750 million (the SK Debenture Amendment 
 
 (f) confirmation of the filing of the SK Debenture Amendment in the instrument registry maintained by the Mineral Tenure Office, Resource Development, Ministry of Energy and Resources and the filing of the SK Assignment of Lease Amendment with the Ministry of Environment 
 
 (g) a legal opinion from Saskatchewan counsel to the Borrower with respect to the SK Debenture Amendment, together with customary supporting materials 
 
 (h) with respect to any bank or deposit account maintained with any Person that is not a Lender, either (a) confirmation of its closure, or (b) a blocked account agreement between such Person, the applicable Credit Party, and the Administrative Agent and 
 
 (i) confirmation from Holland & Hart LLP that its title reports of March 19, 2019 and March 24, 2020 with respect to newly acquired portions of the Marigold Project can be relied upon by the Administrative Agent 
 
 in each case within 60 (or in the case of clause (f) above only, 120) days of the date hereof and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 2.35 shall constitute Post-Closing Requirements and be subject to Section 5.1(8)(b) in all respects. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall be deemed to be in compliance with Section 6.1(16) with respect to all bank and deposit accounts existing on the date hereof while the period in which to satisfy the undertaking set out in clause 
 (f) above remains unexpired. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 3.1 Confirmation of Representations . The Borrower represents and warrants that, as at the date of this Amending Agreement and assuming that the amendments made to the Credit Agreement by this Amending Agreement have become effective 
 
 (j) this Amending Agreement and the Confirmation appended hereto has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the signatory Credit Parties 
 
 (k) the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditor s rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 21 - 
 
 (l) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and 
 
 (m) the representations and warranties contained in Article 3 (other than those that are made particular to a specific date) are true and correct as if made on the date hereof. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 CONDITIONS 
 
 4.1 Conditions Precedent . This Amending Agreement shall become effective on the date upon which there has been receipt by the Administrative Agent of 
 
 (n) a counterpart of this Amending Agreement executed by each party hereto 
 
 (o) a counterpart of the Confirmation appended to this Amending Agreement, executed by each Guarantor 
 
 (p) an amendment to the GSA to update debtor information, conform with this Amending Agreement and add certain minimums to the notice provisions (the BC GSA Amendment executed by each party thereto 
 
 (q) a legal opinion of Stikeman Elliott LLP with respect to British Columbia law matters, together with customary supporting materials 
 
 (r) payment of an Administrative Agent of such fees as agreed in a fee letter dated as of the date hereof and 
 
 (s) payment of all legal fees invoiced to date by counsel for the Administrative Agent. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, upon and regardless of the date on which such conditions precedent are met, the effective date of this Amending Agreement will be as of June 7, 2021. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 GENERAL 
 
 5.1 Authorization . The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver the BC GSA Amendment, the NV Deed Amendment and the SK Assignment of Lease Amendment, in each case in such form as it may approve. 
 
 5.2 Confirmation . Except as specifically stated herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof. All Secured Liabilities under the Credit Agreement shall be continuing with only the terms thereof being modified as provided in this Amending Agreement, and this Amending Agreement shall not evidence or result in a novation of such Secured Liabilities. 
 
 5.3 Interpretation . All references to the this Agreement or the Credit Agreement and all similar references in any of the other Loan Documents shall hereafter include, mean and be a 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

- 22 - 
 
 reference to the Amended Credit Agreement without any requirement to amend such Loan Documents. This Amending Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document under, and as defined in, the Credit Agreement. 
 
 5.4 Binding Nature . This Amending Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 
 5.5 Severability. Any provision of this Amending Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability and shall be severed from the balance of this Amending Agreement, all without affecting the remaining provisions of this Amending Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 5.6 Conflicts . If, after the date of this Amending Agreement, any provision of this Amending Agreement is inconsistent with any provision of the Credit Agreement, the relevant provision of this Amending Agreement shall prevail. 
 
 5.7 Governing Law . This Amending Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
 
 5.8 Counterpart and Facsimile . This Amending Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amending Agreement by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amending Agreement. 
 
 signatures on the following pages 

13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

S-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has caused this Amending Agreement to be duly executed as of the date set out on the first page. 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE , 
 as Lender and Administrative Agent 

By 
 Name Peter Rawlins 
 Title Managing Director 

By 
 Name Mark Saraiva 
 Title Executive Director 

SSR Amending Agreement No.5 

S-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has caused this Amending Agreement to be duly executed as of the date set out on the first page. 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA , 
 as Lender and Co-Syndication Agent 
 
 By 
 Name Ian Stephenson 
 Title Managing Director 

By Name Monik Vora 
 Title Associate Director 

SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

S-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has caused this Amending Agreement to be duly executed as of the date set out on the first page. 

BANK OF MONTREAL , 
 as Lender and Co-Syndication Agent 
 
 By 
 Name Ben Rough 
 Title Director 

By Name 
 Title 

SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

S-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has caused this Amending Agreement to be duly executed as of the date set out on the first page. 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 
 as Lender 
 By Name Stam Fountoulakis 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

By Name 
 Title 

SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

S-5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has caused this Amending Agreement to be duly executed as of the date set out on the first page. 

ING CAPITAL LLC, 
 as Lender 

By Name Remko van de Water 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 By Name Remco Meeuwis 
 Title Director 

SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

S-6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has caused this Amending Agreement to be duly executed as of the date set out on the first page. 
 
 SSR MINING INC. 

By 
 Name Alison White 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

S-7 

CONFIRMATION 
 
 Each undersigned Guarantor acknowledges and irrevocably consents to the terms of the Amending Agreement. Each undersigned Guarantor further represents, warrants, and confirms to the Agent, for the benefit of each Secured Party, that 
 (t) the Group Guarantee and the guarantees and indemnities granted thereunder continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the Amending Agreement and the amendments to the Credit Agreement effected thereby 
 (u) such guarantees and indemnities extend to the indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of the Borrower under the Amended Credit Agreement 
 (v) the Security Documents and the Liens granted thereunder continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the Amending Agreement and the amendments to the Credit Agreement effected thereby 
 (w) the secured liabilities described in the Security Documents include indebtedness, liabilities and obligations arising under or in relation to the Amended Credit Agreement, and the Liens granted thereunder extend thereto and 
 (x) all references to the this Agreement or the Credit Agreement and all similar references in any of the other Loan Documents shall hereafter mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement without any requirement to amend such Loan Documents. 
 
 Dated of On behalf of 
 SSR MINING INC. SSR DURANGO, S.A. DE C.V. 

Name Name 
 Title Title 
 SILVER STANDARD CANADA HOLDINGS LTD. SILVER STANDARD US HOLDINGS INC. SILVER STANDARD MARIGOLD INC. INTERTRADE METALS CORP. 
 INTERTRADE METALS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, by its 
 general partner, INTERTRADE METALS CORP. SILVER STANDARD VENTURES 
 INC. MARIGOLD MINING COMPANY SGO MINING INC. PUNA OPERATIONS 
 INC. 0694758 B.C. LTD. 

Name 
 Title 
 13079711.17 SSR Amending Agreement No. 5 

SCHEDULE 3.1(3) GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS NO CONFLICTS 

Nil. 

SCHEDULE 3.1(5) LITIGATION 

1. On January 27, 2015, the Borrower received a Notice of Reassessment NOR from the Canada Revenue Agency CRA in the amount of approximately C 41.4 million plus interest of C 6.6 million related to the tax treatment of the 2010 sale of shares of the Borrower s subsidiary that owned and operated the Snowfield and Brucejack projects. The CRA has asserted that the sale was on account of income and not capital, as the Borrower recorded it. In order to appeal the reassessment, the Borrower was required to make a minimum payment of 50 of the reassessed amount claimed by the CRA under the NOR plus interest accrued to the date of the NOR. On February 26, 2015, the Borrower paid the required C 24.1 million 19.2 million) to the CRA. On April 20, 2015, the Borrower filed a Notice of Objection with the CRA and plans on filing, if necessary, a Notice of Appeal with the Tax Court of Canada. 
 2. Mina Pirquitas, LLC MPLLC entered into a fiscal stability agreement (the Fiscal Agreement with the Federal Government of Argentina in 1998 for production from the Pirquitas mine. In December 2007, the National Customs Authority of Argentina (Direcci n Nacional de Aduanas) levied an export duty of approximately 10 from concentrate for projects with fiscal stability agreements pre-dating 2002 and the Federal Government has asserted that the Pirquitas mine is subject to this duty. MPLLC has challenged the legality of the export duty applied to silver concentrate and the matter is currently under review by the Federal Court (Jujuy) in Argentina. The Federal Court (Jujuy) granted an injunction in the MPLLC s favor effective September 29, 2010 that prohibited the Federal Government from withholding the 10 export duty on silver concentrate (the Injunction ), pending the decision of the courts with respect to the MPLLC s challenge of the legality of the application of the export duty. The Injunction was appealed by the Federal Government but upheld by each of the Federal Court of Appeal (Salta) on December 5, 2012 and the Federal Supreme Court of Argentina on September 17, 2013. The Federal Government also appealed the refund MPLLC claimed for the export duties paid before the Injunction, as well as matters of procedure related to the uncertainty of the amount reclaimed however, on May 3, 2013, such appeal was dismissed by the Federal Court of Appeal (Salta). In September 2014, the Federal Tax Authority in Argentina filed an application with the Federal Court (Jujuy) to lift the Injunction and requiring payment of the export duty and payment of applied interest charges. MPLLC filed a response to such application on October 14, 2014 and a decision is pending. 
 In accordance with the Injunction, MPLLC has not been paying export duties on silver concentrate but the Borrower continues to accrue export duties in its consolidated financial statements. At March 31, 2015, the Borrower has accrued a liability totaling 59.2 million for export duties with no accrual for interest charges, and has recorded a corresponding increase in cost of sales in the relevant period. The application of interest charges is uncertain, but if applied from the date each duty was levied, such charges are estimated to be in the range of 4.3 million to 7.3 million as of March 31, 2015. The final amount of export duties and interest, if any, to be paid or refunded depends on a number of factors, including the outcome of litigation. Changes in the Borrower s assessment of this matter could result in material adjustments to its consolidated statement of income (loss). 

SCHEDULE 3.1(9) 
 REAL PROPERTY 

1. Pirquitas Mine 
 
 The Borrower holds a 100 interest in the Pirquitas mine through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mina Pirquitas, LLC, which has registered a branch in Argentina (Mina Pirquitas, LLC Sucursal Argentina). The Pirquitas mine is located in the Puna de Juje a region of northwestern Argentina in the Province of Jujuy, approximately 355 kilometres northwest of the city of San Salvador de Jujuy. The mine consists of 50 semicontiguous mineral exploitation concessions covering a total area of 3,621 hectares. It also includes surface rights covering an area of approximately 7,463 hectares, which can be used for purposes such as housing, infrastructure facilities, processing plants, waste and tailing disposal sites, and other facilities to support mining operations. 
 2. Seabee Mine 
 
 The Borrower holds a 100 interest in the Seabee Gold Project through its wholly-owned subsidiary, SGO Mining Inc. (formerly Claude Resources Inc.) pursuant to the Seabee Surface Lease Agreement 2010 between the Government of Saskatchewan and Claude Resources Inc., as amended by the Addendum dated April 1, 2014, together with all rights and privileges appertaining thereto and all buildings, improvements and structures now or hereinafter constructed on placed upon such lands, thereunder or thereon. The Seabee Gold Project is located in the province of Saskatchewan and consists of the following mineral claims 

Disposition # 
 Type 1. 
 CBS 7058 
 Mineral Claim 
 2. 
 CBS 7076 
 Mineral Claim 
 3. 
 CBS 9347 
 Mineral Claim 
 4. 
 ML 5519 
 Mineral Lease 
 5. 
 ML 5520 
 Mineral Lease 
 6. 
 ML 5535 
 Mineral Lease 
 7. 
 ML 5536 
 Mineral Lease 
 8. 
 ML 5543 
 Mineral Lease 
 9. 
 ML 5551 
 Mineral Lease 
 10. 
 S- 97986 
 Mineral Claim 
 11. 
 S-101660 Mineral Claim 
 12. 
 S-101661 Mineral Claim 
 13. 
 S-102737 Mineral Claim 
 14. 
 S-102738 Mineral Claim 
 15. 
 S-102739 Mineral Claim 
 16. 
 S-105301 Mineral Claim 
 17. 
 S-106678 Mineral Claim 
 18. 
 S-106771 Mineral Claim 
 19. 
 S-106772 Mineral Claim 

Disposition # 
 Type 20. 
 S-106773 Mineral Claim 
 21. 
 S-110855 Mineral Claim 
 22. 
 S-110856 Mineral Claim 
 23. 
 S- 99942 
 Mineral Claim 
 24. 
 S-100748 Mineral Claim 
 25. 
 S-111431 Mineral Claim 
 26. 
 S-111432 Mineral Claim 
 27. 
 S-111694 Mineral Claim 
 28. 
 MC00000028 Mineral Claim 
 29. 
 MC00000030 Mineral Claim 
 30. 
 MC00000069 Mineral Claim 
 31. 
 MC00000070 Mineral Claim 
 32. 
 S-113993 Mineral Claim 
 33. 
 S-113994 Mineral Claim 
 34. 
 MC00003517 Mineral Claim 
 35. 
 MC00003518 Mineral Claim 
 36. 
 MC00003532 Mineral Claim 
 37. 
 MC00003551 Mineral Claim 
 38. 
 MC00003552 Mineral Claim 
 39. 
 MC00003564 Mineral Claim 
 40. 
 MC00003571 Mineral Claim 
 41. 
 MC00003573 Mineral Claim 
 42. 
 MC00003593 Mineral Claim 
 43. 
 MC00003594 Mineral Claim 
 44. 
 MC00003631 Mineral Claim 

45. 
 MC00003716 Mineral Claim 
 46. 
 MC00003717 Mineral Claim 

SCHEDULE 3.1(10) PERMITTED LIEN REGISTRATIONS 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 1. Canadian Imperial 
 July 6, 2015, as 
 666413I All of the present and after-acquired personal 
 15 SSR Mining Inc. 
 Bank of Commerce, 
 ultimately 341325J property of the debtors, or any one or more of them 
 Silver Standard 
 as administrative 
 amended on May 
 202999K and an uncrystallized floating charge on land. 
 Canada Holdings Inc. 
 Agent 13, 2020 
 203502K Silver Standard US 
 255264K Holdings Inc. 
 281880L Silver Standard 
 Canadian Imperial 
 Bank of Commerce 
 214038M Marigold Inc. 
 Intertrade Metals 
 Limited Partnership 
 Intertrade Metals 
 Corp. Silver Standard 
 Ventures Inc. 
 Marigold Mining 
 Company SGO Mining Inc. 
 Puna Operations Inc. 
 0694758 BC Ltd. 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 2. Konica Minolta Business 
 April 30, 2015 
 576310I All goods of the debtor financed by the secured party, wherever situated, consisting of four (4) Konica Minolta copiers, together with all parts and accessories relating thereto, all attachments, accessories and accessions thereto or thereon and all replacements, substitutions, additions and improvements of all or any part of the foregoing and all proceeds in any form derived therefrom. 
 
 Proceeds all of the debtor's present and after acquired personal property which is derived, directly or indirectly, from any dealing with or disposition of the above-described collateral, including without limitation, all insurance and other payments payable as indemnity or compensation for loss or damage thereto, accounts, rents or other payments arising from the lease of the above-described collateral, goods, chattel paper, investment property, documents of title, instruments, money, cheques, deposits, securities and intangibles. 
 6 Silver Standard Resources Inc. 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 3. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative Agent 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 July 6, 2015, as ultimately amended on January 25, 2019 
 20150706 1513 
 1862 2586 
 
 20170814 1436 
 1201 2218 
 
 20190125 1049 
 1590 8672 
 
 Reference File No. 707752125 
 All inventory equipment, account, motor vehicles and other. 
 15 SSR Mining Inc. 
 4. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative Agent 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 September 2, 
 2015, as 
 ultimately amended on May 25, 2021 
 20150902 0834 
 1862 6735 
 
 20170907 1534 
 1862 3970 
 
 20190125 1049 
 1590 8673 
 
 20210525 1302 
 1590 2802 
 
 Reference File No. 709564176 
 All inventory equipment, account, motor vehicles and other. 
 15 Silver Standard Canada Holdings Inc. Silver Standard US Holdings Inc. 
 Silver Standard Marigold Inc. Intertrade Metals Limited Partnership Intertrade Metals Corp. 
 Silver Standard Ventures Inc. Marigold Mining Company 
 SGO Mining Inc. Puna Operations Inc. 0694758 BC Ltd. 
 5. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative Agent 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 June 9, 2016 
 301492343 General Property All present and after acquired personal property of the Debtor. 
 
 Serial Property 
 Motor Vehicle (57858) 
 Motor Vehicle (131272) 
 Motor Vehicle (131273) 
 Motor Vehicle (131184) 
 Motor Vehicle (114164) Motor Vehicle (DA04P0074) Motor Vehicle (114150) 
 See Collateral Description 
 15 SGO Mining Inc. 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 Motor Vehicle (114151) Motor Vehicle (LJB01221) Motor Vehicle (LJB1418) Motor Vehicle (48183) 
 Motor Vehicle (1557) 
 Motor Vehicle (2691) 
 Motor Vehicle (2690) 
 Motor Vehicle (2710) Motor Vehicle (9PP00115) Motor Vehicle (9PP7502) Motor Vehicle (T4140120) Motor Vehicle (L014D405) 
 Motor Vehicle (90699100956786) 
 Motor Vehicle (131283) 
 Motor Vehicle (131284) 
 Motor Vehicle (2859) 
 Motor Vehicle (081042) 
 Motor Vehicle (2442) Motor Vehicle (T1040264) Motor Vehicle (T1040269) Motor Vehicle (T4040302) Motor Vehicle (T3040295) Motor Vehicle (GXR00758) Motor Vehicle (6380) 
 Motor Vehicle (5584) 
 Motor Vehicle (111191) 
 Motor Vehicle (121249) 
 Motor Vehicle (131278) 
 Motor Vehicle (131293) 
 Motor Vehicle (091084) 
 Motor Vehicle (121205) 
 Motor Vehicle (101093) 
 Motor Vehicle (111161) 
 Motor Vehicle (121204) Motor Vehicle (HX5400705) Motor Vehicle (121233) 
 Motor Vehicle (151338) Motor Vehicle (CBC00311) Motor Vehicle (12002) 
 Motor Vehicle (MLC1791424) Motor Vehicle (IFI100E6267) 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 Motor Vehicle (IFI100E6268) Motor Vehicle (IFI1006159) Motor Vehicle (IFI1006164) Motor Vehicle (IFI1006178) Motor Vehicle (201202230052) 
 Motor Vehicle (4WOAS53697M411064) Motor Vehicle (4WOAS332457M118072) Motor Vehicle (9FG00931) 
 Motor Vehicle (843159) 
 Motor Vehicle (8431513) 
 Motor Vehicle (CAT00C27ADWB00543) Motor Vehicle (X08H330237) 
 Motor Vehicle (X08F240228) 
 Motor Vehicle (CAT00C27EWDB02233) Motor Vehicle (CAT00740CB1P00807) Motor Vehicle (CAT00740JB1P01882) Motor Vehicle (CAT0740BHT4R00651) Motor Vehicle (CAT0740BET4R00652) Motor Vehicle (CAT0740BTT4R00654) Motor Vehicle (63W01251) 
 Motor Vehicle (CAT0930HJDHC00630) Motor Vehicle (CAT0966GJAWY00262) Motor Vehicle (JMS06422) 
 Motor Vehicle (CAT0980HJJMS06425) Motor Vehicle (8CR03540) 
 Motor Vehicle (CATIT28GVDBT00558) Motor Vehicle (W7K01321) 
 Motor Vehicle (MXB00515) Motor Vehicle (FF350DX806109) 
 Motor Vehicle (1FF350DXKA0807073) Motor Vehicle (2ZK05810) 
 Motor Vehicle (DW648HT617261) Motor Vehicle (58550201) 
 Motor Vehicle (73954) 
 Motor Vehicle (USRM000379) Motor Vehicle (1834A1100U) Motor Vehicle (1835A1100U) 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 6. Amalgamated Mining & Tunnelling Inc. 
 January 21, 2020 
 301997450 Motor Vehicle (TMG19URE0367) 2019 Make Desc Epiroc Boltec S Bolter 
 See Collateral Description 
 5 SGO Mining Inc. 
 7. Epiroc Customer Center Part of Epiroc Canada Inc. 
 March 11, 2021 
 302141490 RIG Item 8999 4647 00, Boomer M2C, serial number TMG20URE0235, and all attachments, additions, accretions and accessories thereto, and any replacements thereof of substitutions therefore and any repairs made to any of the foregoing and all proceeds or the foregoing, wherever the merchandise is located and all proceeds thereof. 
 
 Value 1,368,825 
 See Collateral Description 
 1 SGO Mining Inc. 
 
 Northern Resource Trucking Limited Partnership 
 8. Epiroc Customer Center Part of Epiroc Canada Inc. 
 March 11, 2021 
 302141496 RIG Item 8999 4962 00, Boomer M2C, serial number TMG20URE0477, and all attachments, additions, accretions and accessories thereto, and any replacements thereof of substitutions therefore and any accessions or repairs made to any or the foregoing and all proceeds or the foregoing, wherever the merchandise is located and all proceeds thereof 
 
 Value 1,368,825 
 See Collateral Description 
 1 SGO Mining Inc. 
 
 Northern Resource Trucking Limited Partnership 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 9. Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd. 
 March 21, 2014 
 301159719 All of the debtor s present and after-acquired personal property arising from or related to a royalty from or relative to the mineral dispositions enumerated below, including without limitation, all mineral claims and mining leases and any leasehold interest and any renewals, extensions or replacements thereof from time to time in whole or in part and other mineral tenures consisting of, included within or described as the Seabee Gold operation that the debtor may from time to time hold over or in respect thereof and in all successions thereof, whether created privately or through governmental action (collectively, the Lands ), equal to three percent (3.0 of the value of the net smelter returns under and pursuant to the net smelter returns royalty agreement dated on or about march 20, 2014 between the debtor and the secured party, as such net smelter returns royalty agreement may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 Lands are described below in Seabee Gold Operation Mineral Dispositions 1(b). 
 
 Proceeds means all proceeds of every item or kind including but not limited to goods, chattel paper, investment property, securities, documents of title, instruments, money, intangibles, insurance payments, and any property or obligations received or derived directly or indirectly when such collateral or proceeds thereof are sold, collected, dealt with, exchanged or otherwise disposed of or that indemnifies or compensates for such property or proceeds destroyed or damaged, and proceeds of proceeds. 
 Infinite Claude Resources Inc. 

Secured Party 

Date Filed 
 
 Registration Number 

Collateral Description 

VIN 
 
 Term (Years) 

Debtor(s) 
 
 Other Comments 
 10. Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd. 
 March 21, 2014 
 301159723 All of the debtor s present and after-acquired personal property arising from or out of or related to the mineral dispositions enumerated below, including without limitation all mineral claims and mining leases and any leasehold interest and any renewals, extensions or replacements thereof from time to time in whole or in part and other mineral tenures consisting of, included within or described as the Seabee gold operation that the debtor may from time to time hold over or in respect thereof and in all successions thereof, whether created privately or through governmental action (collectively, the Lands ). 
 
 Lands being CBS 7058, CBS 7076, CBS 9347, MC00000028, MC00000030, MC00000069, MC00000070, ML 5519, ML 5520, ML 5535, ML 
 5536, ML 5543, ML 5551, S-97986, S-100748, S- 
 101660, S-101661, S-102737, S-102738, S-102739, S-106678, S-106771, S- 106772, S-106773, S- 110855, S-110856, S-111431, S-111432, S-111694, S-113993, S-113994 
 
 Proceeds has the same meaning as above. 
 Infinite Claude Resources Inc. 
 5. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative Agent 
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 June 25, 2015 
 1218300 
 1411494 
 1536859 
 All of the present and after-acquired personal property of the Debtor and an 
 uncrystallized floating charge on land. 
 15 SSR Mining Inc. 

Seabee Gold Project Mineral Dispositions 
 1. Recorded Interests 
 
 (a) a notice of royalty interest and net smelter returns royalty agreement granted by Claude Resources in favour of 8248567 Canada Limited (now secured by Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd.) dated March 20, 2014 and 
 
 (b) a notice of security interest and debenture granted by Claude Resources in favour of 8248567 Canada Limited (now secured by Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd.) dated March 20, 2014, 
 
 which were filed against the following mineral dispositions in the Disposition Files 
 
 CBS 7058 
 CBS 7076 
 CBS 9347 
 MC00000028 MC00000030 MC00000069 MC00000070 ML 5519 
 ML 5520 
 ML 5535 
 ML 5536 
 ML5543 ML 5551 
 S-97986 S-100748 S-101660 S-101661 S-102737 S-102738 S-102739 S-106678 S-106771 S-106772 S-106773 S-110855 S-118056 S-111431 S-111432 S-111694 S-113993 S-113994 

2. Unrecorded Interests 
 
 (c) royalty agreement in favour of Red Mile No. 11 Limited Partnership in respect of the mineral dispositions ML 5519, ML 5520, S-102737, S-102738, S-102739, CBS 7058, CBS 7076, S-97986, S-101660, S-101661, S-101748, S-110856 (a 
 restaking of S-101689) and CBS 9347 

(d) net smelter returns royalty agreement in favour of Ryan Kalt in respect of mineral dispositions MC0003571, MC00003573, MC00003716, MC00003717 MC00003518, MC00003532, MC00003631, MC00003593 and MC00003594, dated March 4, 
 2016 and 
 
 (e) net smelter returns royalty agreement in favour of Strategic Staking & Exploration Inc. in respect of mineral dispositions MC0003571, MC00003573, MC00003716, MC00003717, MC00003518, MC00003532, MC00003631, MC00003593 and 
 MC00003594 dated March 4, 2016. 

SCHEDULE 3.1(11) PENSION PLANS 

Silver Standard Resources Inc. 
 
 Type of Benefit 
 Provider Administrator Extended Health Group Benefit Plan (Group Policy Nos. 164327 and 164328) 
 Basic Life Insurance 
 AD&D 
 Long Term Disability 
 The Great West Life Assurance Company 
 Health Care (prescription, paramedical, hospital) 
 Vision 
 Dental 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 FSEAP Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (Group Annuity Policy 62724-G) 
 Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada 
 Employee Share Purchase Plan 
 Solium 
 
 Marigold Mining Company 
 
 Type of Benefit 
 Provider Administrator 
 Life Insurance 
 Assurant Employee Benefits (Union Security Insurance Company) 
 
 Long Term Disability Insurance 
 Assurant Employee Benefits (Union Security Insurance Company) 
 
 Short Term Disability Insurance 
 Assurant Employee Benefits (Union Security Insurance Company) 
 Health and Welfare (hospital, doctors visits, prescription, paramedical) 
 Cigna Health and Life Insurance Co. 
 Flexible Spending Account 
 Wageworks 
 401(k) Retirement & Savings Plan 
 The Standard 
 (Standard Retirement Services, Inc.) 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 Mines & Associates 
 Employee Share Purchase Plan 
 Solium 

Mina Pirquitas, LLC 
 
 Type of Benefit 
 Provider Administrator Life Insurance Disability Insurance 
 Allianz Argentina Compa a de Seguros S.A. 
 Employee Share Purchase Plan 
 Solium 
 
 SGO Mining Inc. 
 
 Type of Benefit 
 Provider Administrator Extended Health Group Benefit Plan (Group Policy Nos. 93772- 001 and 93772-002) 
 Basic Life Insurance 
 AD&D 
 Long Term Disability 
 Short Term Disability (weekly indemnity) 
 Health Care (prescription, paramedical, hospital) 
 Optional life insurance, dependent life insurance, AD&D (employee paid) 
 Vision 
 Dental 

Saskatchewan Blue Cross 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 Penney Murphy & Associates 
 Group Retirement Savings Plan No. 11821 (employee contribution only) 
 RBC Employee Share Purchase Plan 
 Solium 

SCHEDULE 3.1(16) ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 1. In December 1998, an environmental impact report EIR was completed in respect of the Pirquitas mine for Sunshine Argentina, Inc. (now known as Mina Pirquitas, LLC) Sunshine Argentina ). The EIR contained a description and evaluation of environmental conditions that existed at the time, as well as foreseeable potential effects that development of the Pirquitas mine could have on the surrounding environment. The discussion below is either paraphrased or taken directly from the EIR. 
 
 Remnants of historic mining activities at the Pirquitas mine included derelict buildings, mine structures as well as tin-silver jig tailings and tin placer tailings along the R o Pircas. Flotation tailings had been discharged into the R o Pircas and scattered piles of gold placer tailings were left about 150 metres above the current level of the R o Pircas on paleo-river terraces to the south of the central mine camp. These areas comprise some 107 hectares of surface disturbance that existed prior to Sunshine Argentina s acquisition of the Pirquitas property, some of which are now associated with acid rock drainage into the Pircas River watershed. 
 Surface and ground waters are known to be acidic and metalliferous down gradient from the historic mines above the R o Pircas canyon at Tres Placas, which is located approximately 1.5 kilometres downstream from the Pirquitas mine open pit. In addition, acidic and metalliferous ground water is present in the abandoned underground workings and in some natural springs in the area, suggesting that natural oxidation of sulphide mineralization which is widespread in the rocks found on the property is also contributing to background surface water contamination. 
 Upon its acquisition of the Pirquitas mine, Sunshine Argentina noted that documents in the bankruptcy auction files did not mention environmental liabilities against the property, but did mention that Sunshine Argentina was grandfathered against environmental liabilities related to historic mining activities. Furthermore, the only condition the Argentina Ministry of Mines and Energy applied to its approval of Sunshine Argentina s EIR, apart from the mandatory two-year update to the report, was the requirement that water quality monitoring be carried out. 
 In 2008, a second EIR was completed following start-up of mining activities and initiation of plant construction at the Pirquitas mine. While there were no observations or restrictions placed at that time, this study began a focus on the water management plan and on conceptual plans for mine waste stockpiles. A conceptual water treatment plant for neutralization of acid waters was anticipated with a treatment capacity estimated to be as much as 150 litres per second. 
 A party wishing to commence or modify any exploration or mining-related activity under Argentina s mining laws, including property abandonment or mine closure activity, must prepare and submit an environmental impact assessment EIA ), which must include a description of the nature of the proposed work, its potential risk to the environment and the 

measures that will be taken to mitigate that risk. The most recent update to the EIA for the Pirquitas mining operation included engineering studies for the design of water management structures and mine closure design. Such EIA update was approved in December 2014 and is valid for a period of two years. 
 Argentina currently has no specific mine closure legislation or requirements. However, it is expected that closure options will eventually have to be proposed that may include passive or active neutralization features to return water to baseline conditions (acidic at the time of baseline studies) with some monitoring requirements. 
 2. The Borrower s mining, exploration and development activities are subject to various federal, provincial, state and municipal laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including requirements for closure and reclamation of mining properties. The Borrower has certain reclamation obligations at certain mineral properties, including the Pirquitas and Chinchillas Projects in Argentina, the Marigold mine in Nevada, U.S.A., and the Seabee Project located in the Province of Saskatchewan, Canada. As at December 31, 2020 
 
 a. The present value of the current closure and reclamation cost estimate, to be spent over a number of years, at the Pirquitas and Chinchillas Projects collectively is approximately 20.7 million. 
 
 b. At the Marigold mine, the Borrower engages in concurrent reclamation practices and is bonded for all permitted features, as part of the State of Nevada permitting process. Current bonding requirements are based on third party cost estimates to reclaim all permitted features at the Marigold mine, with the exception of a few features permitted as permanent, post-mining features. The Bureau of Land Management BLM and the State of Nevada both review and approve the bond estimate, and the BLM holds the financial instruments providing the bond backing. As at December 31, 2020, the Marigold mine has reclamation requirements totalling approximately 54.6 million. 
 
 c. At the Seabee Project, the Borrower has an approved closure plan and financial assurance held by the Province of Saskatchewan. The closure plan addresses all final reclamation requirements as well as the longer-term post-reclamation monitoring and maintenance phase. As required by the Borrower s environmental permits, the closure plan is periodically updated. As at December 31, 2020, the Seabee Project had reclamation requirements totaling approximately 5.7 million. 

SCHEDULE 3.1(17) EMPLOYEE MATTERS 
 
 The employees of Mina Pirquitas, LLC Sucursal Argentina (the Argentinian branch of Mina Pirquitas, LLC) are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. 

SCHEDULE 3.1(21) BANK ACCOUNTS 
 SSRM 
 Guarantor Subsidiary 
 Name of Depository 
 
 Address 
 
 Phone 
 Account Type 
 Transitory Account (Y N) 
 
 Account Number 
 SSR Mining Inc. 
 Commerce Place, 
 CIBC 400 Burrard St. 
 Vancouver, BC 
 888-488-0174 
 Restricted 
 Cash 
 N CAD 00045-2223377 
 V6C 3A6 
 Commerce Place, 
 CIBC 400 Burrard St. 
 Vancouver, BC 
 604-665-1816 
 Bank N CAD 67-90313 
 USD 03-97717 
 V6C 3A6 
 
 Raymond James 
 2100 925 West Georgia St. Vancouver, BC 
 V6C 3L2 
 
 604-659-8090 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 CAD 1GA3G0A0 USD 1GA3G0B0 
 USD 1GA3GVB0 
 Scotia Capital 
 Scotiabank 1800 650 West Georgia St. Vancouver, BC 
 604-630-4011 
 Bank N CAD USD 800-49455 
 V6V 4N9 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437 828 4576 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 CAD 030200022810 
 USD 030201390414 
 CAD USD 7161037 
 Standby L C USD 
 510 Burrard St. 
 Scotiabank Suite 4000 
 Vancouver, BC 
 604-718-1500 
 Deposit Box 
 N 1455 V6C 3A8 
 510 Burrard St. 
 Scotiabank Suite 4000 
 Vancouver, BC 
 604-718-1500 
 TD Notice pl 
 N USD 78605416 
 V6C 3A8 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437 828 4576 
 Bank (Operating Acc.) 
 
 N 
 USD 959680105511 
 CAD 959680063118 
 CAD 959680075019 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 
 Bank Scotiabank 48700 Bentall Centre, 
 1-437 828 4576 
 (Revenue N USD 030200786519 
 SGO Mining 
 Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 Acc.) Inc. Suite 700 409 Granville St. 
 Scotiabank Vancouver, BC 
 1-888-855-1234 
 TD Notice pl 
 N USD 78605719 
 V6C 1T2 
 
 Raymond James 
 2100 925 West Georgia St. Vancouver, BC 
 V6C 3L2 
 
 604-659-8090 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 USD 2Y6-310B VB CAD 2Y6-3140A VA 
 Silver Standard Canada Holdings Ltd. 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437 828 4576 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 
 USD 03020 14204 10 
 
 Silver Standard Marigold Inc. 
 
 Scotiabank Houston 
 711 Louisiana Street 
 Suite 1400 Houston, TX 77002 
 
 713-752-0900 
 
 Bank 
 
 Y 
 
 USD 1011235 

SSRM 
 Guarantor Subsidiary 
 Name of Depository 
 
 Address 
 
 Phone 
 Account Type 
 Transitory Account (Y N) 
 
 Account Number 
 
 Silver Standard US Holdings Inc. 
 
 Scotiabank Houston 
 711 Louisiana Street 
 Suite 1400 Houston, TX 77002 
 
 713-752-0900 
 
 Bank 
 
 Y 
 
 USD 1011332 
 Wells Fargo 
 420 Montgomery 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 206-292-3210 
 Bank Y 
 USD 4943610212 
 Silver Standard CDA Finance 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437 828 4576 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 USD 03020 07857 17 
 
 Intertrade Metals Limited Partnership 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437 828 4576 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 
 USD 03020 13040 11 
 Raymond James 
 2100 925 West Georgia St. Vancouver, BC 
 V6C 3L2 
 
 604-659-8090 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 USD 1H4BB0B0 CAD 1H4BB0A0 
 
 Premier Mining 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437 828 4576 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 
 USD 03020 13042 16 

Marigold Mining Company 
 Wells Fargo 
 420 Montgomery 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 206-292-3210 
 Bank N 
 USD 4023916836 
 Wells Fargo 
 420 Montgomery 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 206-292-3210 
 Bank N 
 USD 4121986541 
 Wells Fargo 
 420 Montgomery 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 206-292-3210 
 Bank N 
 USD 4121986558 
 Wells Fargo 
 420 Montgomery 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 206-292-3210 
 Bank N 
 USD 1BA60648 
 0694758 B.C. 
 Ltd 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437 828 4576 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 
 USD 03020 38546 12 
 Puna Operations Inc. 
 
 Scotiabank 
 595 Burrard St., PO BOX 48700 Bentall Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X 1V6 
 
 1-437-828-4576 
 
 Bank 
 
 N 
 
 USD 03020 14671 15 

SCHEDULE 3.1(26) MARIGOLD PROJECT REAL PROPERTY 
 Owned Real Property 
 Fee ownership in the following surface lands 
 1. Approximately 161.33 acres within the SE1 4 22, T.34N., R.43E. and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-401-25 for 2013-14 and 3443-22-400-001 for 2014-15. 
 
 2. Approximately 640 acres within 9, T.33N., R.43E. and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-461-09 for 2013-14 and 3443-09-100-001 for 2014-15 (surface only). 1 
 
 3. Approximately 640 acres within 17, T.33N., R.43E. and identified as Humboldt County Assessor's parcel number 007-461-14 for 2013-14 and 3443-17-100-001 for 2014-15 (surface only). 2 
 
 4. Approximately 41.15 acres within Lot 12 33, T.34N., R.43E. and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-404-06 for 2013-14 and 3443-33-400-003 for 2014-15. 
 
 In addition to fee ownership in such surface lands described above, Marigold Mining Company has obtained the properties described below 
 5. The following property was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to a Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed (with reservation of royalty), dated August 25, 2014, from Newmont USA Limited Newmont 
 
 d. Parcel One the N1 2 of 21, T.33N., R.43E. M.D.B.&M, containing 311.45 acres more or less and 
 
 e. Parcel Two the W1 2SW1 4, SW1 4NW1 4, W1 2NW1 4NW1 4 and the W1 2E1 2NW1 4NW1 4 of 29, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M (excluding any portion on which an existing open pit is situated as of August 25, 2014), containing 129.36 acres more or less. 
 
 6. The following property was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to certain Grant, Bargain and Sale Deeds, dated September 24, 2014, between Arizona West Coast Corporation, a Nevada corporation (Grantor) to Marigold Mining Company, a Nevada corporation (Grantee), recorded October 1, 2014 (at Document Nos. 2014-03192, 2014-03193, 2014-03194, 2014-03195, 2014-03196 and 2014-03197, each in Humboldt County, NV) 
 
 f. Approximately 10.00 acres within 33, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. and identified as Lot 1 of that certain Parcel Map for L Bar Nevada, LLC recorded in the Office of the Humboldt County Recorder on November 7, 2008 under File No. 2008-9356, and further identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-404-13 for 2013-14 and 3443-33-200- 006 for 2014-15 

1 Minerals are leased under the SFP Minerals Lease. 
 2 Minerals are leased under the SFP Minerals Lease. 

g. Approximately 10.00 acres within 33, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. and identified as Lot 2 of that certain Parcel Map for L Bar Nevada, LLC recorded in the Office of the Humboldt County Recorder on November 7, 2008 under File No. 2008-9356, and further identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-404-12 for 2013-14 and 3443-33-200- 005 for 2014-15 
 
 h. Approximately 10.00 acres within 33, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. and identified as Lot 3 of that certain Parcel Map for L Bar Nevada, LLC recorded in the Office of the Humboldt County Recorder on November 7, 2008 under File No. 2008-9356, and further identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-404-11 for 2013-14 and 3443-33-200- 004 for 2014-15 
 
 i. Approximately 10.00 acres within 33, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. and identified as Lot 4 of that certain Parcel Map for L Bar Nevada, LLC recorded in the Office of the Humboldt County Recorder on November 7, 2008 under File No. 2008-9356, and further identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-404-10 for 2013-14 and 3443-33-200- 003 for 2014-15 
 
 j. Approximately 41.15 acres within 33, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. and identified as Lot 15 of that certain Division into Larger Parcels Map for L Bar Nevada, LLC recorded in the Office of the Humboldt County Recorder on May 26, 2006 under File No. 2006-3372, and further identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-404-09 for 2013-14 and 3443-33-200-008 for 2014-15 and 
 
 k. Approximately 40.00 acres within 33, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. and identified as Lot 11 of that certain Division into Larger Parcels Map for L Bar Nevada, LLC recorded in the Office of the Humboldt County Recorder on May 26, 2006 under File No. 2006-3372, and further identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-404-05 for 2013-14 and 3443-33-300-004 for 2014-15. 
 
 7. The following property was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to a Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed, executed effective September 24, 2015, from Newmont, a Delaware corporation (Grantor), to Marigold Mining Company, a Nevada corporation (Grantee), recorded October 8, 2015 (at Document No. 2015-03351 in Humboldt County, NV) 
 
 l. The S2 of 21, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. containing approximately 308.73 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number is 3343-21-100-002, a parcel map of which has been recorded on June 16, 2014, file number 2014-1838 
 
 m. The E2, E2W2, E2E2NW4NW4 of 29, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. containing 
 approximately 504.34 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number is 3343-29-100-001, a parcel map of which has been recorded on June 16, 2014, file number 2014-1838 
 
 n. All of 5, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. containing approximately 686.8 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 3243-05-100-001 and 
 
 o. All of 1, T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M. containing approximately 628.6 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 3242-01-100-001. 

8. The following property was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to a Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed, executed as of June 7, 2018, from Doby George, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (Grantor), to Marigold Mining Company, a Nevada corporation (Grantee), recorded June 13, 2018 (at Document No. 2018-03641 in Humboldt County, NV) 
 
 p. The SW SE of 16, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. containing approximately 40.0 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 007-0461-39 and 
 
 q. The E NW of 30, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. containing approximately 80.0 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 007-0461-41. 
 
 9. The following property was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to a Special Warranty Deed, executed effective as of January 30, 2019, from Western Exploration LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (Grantor), to Marigold Mining Company, a Nevada corporation (Grantee), recorded January 30, 2019 (at Document No. 2019-00492 in Humboldt County, NV) 
 
 r. The NE NE of 12, T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M. containing approximately 40.0 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07-0481-13 and 
 
 s. The E SW SW SE SE NW of 6, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. containing approximately 160.0 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07- 0491-02. 
 
 10. The following property was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to a Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed, executed as of June 3, 2019, from Newmont, a Delaware corporation (Grantor), to Marigold Mining Company, a Nevada corporation (Grantee), recorded June 6, 2019 (at Document No. 2019-02789 in Humboldt County, NV and Document # 290377 in Lander County, NV) 
 
 t. All of 7, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07049107 
 
 u. All of 9, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07049109 
 
 v. All of 17, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07049114 (containing approximately 480.0 acres more or less in Humboldt County, NV) and Assessor s Parcel Number 01021002 (containing approximately 160.0 acres more or less in Lander County, NV) 
 
 w. The E2, N2NW4, E2SW4, SE4NW4 of 19, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M referred to as 
 Assessor s Parcel Number 01023003 
 
 x. The W2SW4SW4 of 19, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 01023001 
 
 y. All of 21, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 01021006 
 
 z. All of 29, T.32N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 01021012 

aa. All of 11, T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07048111 
 
 ab. All of 13, T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07048119 (containing approximately 480 acres in Humboldt County, NV) and Assessor s Parcel Number 01020004 (containing approximately 160 acres in Lander County, NV) 
 
 ac. All of 15, T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07048117 (containing approximately 480 acres in Humboldt County, NV) and Assessor s Parcel Number 01020002 (containing approximately 160 acres in Lander County, NV) 
 
 ad. The S , NE , E NW , NW NW of 25, T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 36.26 acres more or less identified as Lot 1 and referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 01020010 and 
 
 ae. Newmont s right, title and interest in that certain mineral property located in Lander County, Nevada and described as follows All of 3, T.31N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 640.0 acres more or less. 
 
 11. The W2, NW4NE4 of 33, T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M containing approximately 360.0 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 01020012 was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to a Quitclaim Deed made effective June 3, 2019 between Newmont, a Delaware corporation (Grantor), and Marigold Mining Company, a Nevada corporation (Grantee), recorded June 6, 2019 (at Document No. 2019-02798 in Humboldt County, NV and Document # 290387 in Lander County, NV) and a Quitclaim Deed and Assignment and Assumption of Venture Participating Interest made effective as of June 26, 2019 by and between Fairmile Gold Mining Inc., a Nevada corporation (Grantor) and Marigold Mining Company, a Nevada corporation (Grantee), recorded July 2, 2019 (at Document No. 2019-03139 in Humboldt County, NV and Document # 290633 in Lander County, NV). 
 
 12. Lot 3 lying within 33, T.32N., R.42E. containing approximately 46.26 acres more or less referred to as Assessor s Parcel Number 07-0403-03 was obtained by Marigold Mining Company pursuant to a Grant, Bargain, Sale Deed made effective April 14, 2020 between Russel D. McMullen (Grantor) and Marigold Mining Company (Grantee), recorded April 14, 2020 (at Document No. 2020-01412 in Humboldt County, NV). 
 
 Owned Unpatented Mining Claims 
 The holder of record title to the following 788 unpatented mining claims 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC371561 APRI # 1 
 NMC371562 APRI # 2 
 NMC371563 APRI # 3 
 NMC371564 APRI # 4 
 NMC371565 APRI # 5 
 NMC371566 APRI # 6 
 NMC371567 APRI # 7 
 NMC371568 APRI # 8 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC371569 APRI # 9 
 NMC371570 APRI # 10 
 NMC371571 APRI # 11 
 NMC371572 APRI # 12 
 NMC371573 APRI # 13 
 NMC519580 APRI # 14 
 NMC552229 APRI # 15 
 NMC361136 VAL #237 
 NMC361137 VAL #238 
 NMC361138 VAL #239 
 NMC361139 VAL #240 
 NMC361140 VAL #241 
 NMC361141 VAL #242 
 NMC361142 VAL #243 
 NMC361143 VAL #244 
 NMC361144 VAL #245 
 NMC361145 VAL #246 
 NMC361146 VAL #247 
 NMC361147 VAL #248 
 NMC361148 VAL #249 
 NMC361149 VAL #250 
 NMC361150 VAL #251 
 NMC361151 VAL #252 
 NMC361152 VAL #253 
 NMC361153 VAL #254 
 NMC361154 VAL #255 
 NMC361155 VAL #256 
 NMC361156 VAL #257 
 NMC361157 VAL #258 
 NMC361158 VAL #259 
 NMC361159 VAL #260 
 NMC361160 VAL #261 
 NMC361161 VAL #262 
 NMC600391 VAL #1013 
 NMC600392 VAL #1014 
 NMC600393 VAL #1015 
 NMC600394 VAL #1016 
 NMC600395 VAL #1017 
 NMC600396 VAL #1018 
 NMC600397 VAL #1019 
 NMC600398 VAL #1020 
 NMC600399 VAL #1021 
 NMC600400 VAL #1022 
 NMC600401 VAL #1023 

NMC600402 VAL #1024 
 NMC371574 TYLER # 1 
 NMC371575 TYLER # 2 
 NMC371576 TYLER # 3 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC371577 TYLER # 4 
 NMC371578 TYLER # 5 
 NMC371579 TYLER # 6 
 NMC371580 TYLER # 7 
 NMC371581 TYLER # 8 
 NMC371582 TYLER # 9 
 NMC371583 TYLER # 10 
 NMC371584 TYLER # 11 
 NMC371585 TYLER # 12 
 NMC371586 TYLER # 13 
 NMC371587 TYLER # 14 
 NMC371588 TYLER # 15 
 NMC371589 TYLER # 16 
 NMC371590 TYLER # 17 
 NMC371591 TYLER # 18 
 NMC371592 TYLER # 19 
 NMC371593 TYLER # 20 
 NMC371594 TYLER # 21 
 NMC371595 TYLER # 22 
 NMC371596 TYLER # 23 
 NMC371597 TYLER # 24 
 NMC371598 TYLER # 25 
 NMC371599 TYLER # 26 
 NMC371600 TYLER # 27 
 NMC371601 TYLER # 28 
 NMC371602 TYLER # 29 
 NMC371603 TYLER # 30 
 NMC371604 TYLER # 31 
 NMC371605 TYLER # 32 
 NMC371606 TYLER # 33 
 NMC371607 TYLER # 34 
 NMC371608 TYLER # 35 
 NMC371609 TYLER # 36 
 NMC454876 REMARY #237 
 NMC454877 REMARY #238 
 NMC454878 REMARY #239 
 NMC454879 REMARY #240 
 NMC454880 REMARY #241 
 NMC454881 REMARY #242 
 NMC454882 REMARY #243 

NMC454883 REMARY #244 
 NMC454884 REMARY #245 
 NMC454885 REMARY #246 
 NMC454886 REMARY #247 
 NMC454887 REMARY #248 
 NMC454888 REMARY #249 
 NMC454889 REMARY #250 
 NMC454890 REMARY #251 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC454891 REMARY #252 
 NMC454892 REMARY #253 
 NMC454893 REMARY #254 
 NMC454894 REMARY #255 
 NMC454895 REMARY #256 
 NMC454896 REMARY #257 
 NMC454897 REMARY #258 
 NMC454898 REMARY #259 
 NMC454899 REMARY #260 
 NMC454900 REMARY #261 
 NMC454901 REMARY #262 
 NMC454902 REMARY #263 
 NMC454903 REMARY #264 
 NMC454904 REMARY #265 
 NMC454905 REMARY #266 
 NMC454906 REMARY #267 
 NMC454907 REMARY #268 
 NMC454908 REMARY #269 
 NMC454909 REMARY #270 
 NMC454910 REMARY #271 
 NMC454911 REMARY #272 
 NMC552228 REMARY FRACTION 
 NMC359040 MARY # 73 
 NMC359041 MARY # 74 
 NMC359042 MARY # 75 
 NMC359043 MARY # 76 
 NMC359044 MARY # 77 
 NMC359045 MARY # 78 
 NMC359046 MARY # 79 
 NMC359047 MARY # 80 
 NMC359048 MARY # 81 
 NMC359049 MARY # 82 
 NMC359050 MARY # 83 
 NMC359051 MARY # 84 
 NMC359052 MARY # 85 
 NMC359053 MARY # 86 

NMC359054 MARY # 87 
 NMC359055 MARY # 88 
 NMC359056 MARY # 89 
 NMC359057 MARY # 90 
 NMC400277 HS #123 
 NMC400278 HS #124 
 NMC400279 HS #125 
 NMC400280 HS #126 
 NMC400281 HS #127 
 NMC400282 HS #128 
 NMC400283 HS #129 
 NMC400284 HS #130 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC400285 HS #131 
 NMC400286 HS #132 
 NMC400287 HS #133 
 NMC400288 HS #134 
 NMC400289 HS #134A 
 NMC358968 MARY# 1 
 NMC358969 MARY# 2 
 NMC358970 MARY# 3 
 NMC358971 MARY# 4 
 NMC358972 MARY# 5 
 NMC358973 MARY# 6 
 NMC358974 MARY# 7 
 NMC358975 MARY# 8 
 NMC358976 MARY# 9 
 NMC358977 MARY # 10 
 NMC358978 MARY # 11 
 NMC358979 MARY # 12 
 NMC358980 MARY # 13 
 NMC358981 MARY # 14 
 NMC358982 MARY # 15 
 NMC358983 MARY # 16 
 NMC358984 MARY # 17 
 NMC358985 MARY # 18 
 NMC358986 MARY # 19 
 NMC358987 MARY # 20 
 NMC358988 MARY # 21 
 NMC358889 MARY # 22 
 NMC358990 MARY # 23 
 NMC358991 MARY # 24 
 NMC358992 MARY # 25 
 NMC358993 MARY # 26 
 NMC358994 MARY # 27 

NMC358995 MARY # 28 
 NMC358996 MARY # 29 
 NMC358997 MARY # 30 
 NMC358998 MARY # 31 
 NMC358999 MARY # 32 
 NMC359000 MARY # 33 
 NMC359001 MARY # 34 
 NMC359002 MARY # 35 
 NMC359003 MARY # 36 
 NMC371610 BONZ # 1 
 NMC371612 BONZ # 3 
 NMC371614 BONZ # 5 
 NMC371616 BONZ # 7 
 NMC371618 BONZ # 9 
 NMC371619 BONZ # 10 
 NMC371620 BONZ # 11 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC371621 BONZ # 12 
 NMC371622 BONZ # 13 
 NMC371623 BONZ # 14 
 NMC371624 BONZ # 15 
 NMC371625 BONZ # 16 
 NMC371626 BONZ # 17 
 NMC371627 BONZ # 18 
 NMC371630 BONZ # 21 
 NMC371631 BONZ # 22 
 NMC371632 BONZ # 23 
 NMC371633 BONZ # 24 
 NMC371634 BONZ # 25 
 NMC371635 BONZ # 26 
 NMC371636 BONZ # 27 
 NMC371637 BONZ # 28 
 NMC371638 BONZ # 29 
 NMC371639 BONZ # 30 
 NMC451485 BONZ # 33 
 NMC451486 BONZ # 34 
 NMC451487 BONZ # 35 
 NMC451488 BONZ # 36 
 NMC487422 REBONZ # 2 
 NMC487423 REBONZ # 4 
 NMC487424 REBONZ # 6 
 NMC487425 REBONZ # 8 
 NMC487426 REBONZ # 19 
 NMC487427 REBONZ # 20 
 NMC487428 REBONZ # 31 

NMC524363 REBONZ # 32 
 NMC1112641 GINGER #1 
 NMC1112642 GINGER #2 
 NMC1112643 GINGER #3 
 NMC1112644 GINGER #4 
 NMC1112645 GINGER #5 
 NMC1112646 GINGER #6 
 NMC1112647 GINGER #7 
 NMC1112648 GINGER #8 
 NMC1112649 GINGER #9 
 NMC1112650 GINGER #10 
 NMC1112651 GINGER #11 
 NMC1112652 GINGER #12 
 NMC1112653 GINGER #13 
 NMC1112654 GINGER #14 
 NMC1112655 GINGER #15 
 NMC1112656 GINGER #16 
 NMC1112657 GINGER #17 
 NMC1112658 GINGER #18 
 NMC1112659 GINGER #19 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC1112660 GINGER #20 
 NMC1112661 GINGER #21 
 NMC1112662 GINGER #22 
 NMC1112663 GINGER #23 
 NMC1112664 GINGER #24 
 NMC1112665 GINGER #25 
 NMC1112666 GINGER #26 
 NMC1112667 GINGER #27 
 NMC1112668 GINGER #28 
 NMC1112669 GINGER #29 
 NMC1112670 GINGER #30 
 NMC1112671 GINGER #31 
 NMC1112672 GINGER #32 
 NMC1112673 GINGER #33 
 NMC1112674 GINGER #34 
 NMC1112675 GINGER #35 
 NMC1112676 GINGER #36 
 NMC1112677 GINGER #37 
 NMC1112678 GINGER #38 
 NMC1112679 GINGER #39 
 NMC1112680 GINGER #40 
 NMC1112681 GINGER #41 
 NMC1112682 GINGER #42 
 NMC1112683 GINGER #43 

NMC1112684 GINGER #44 
 NMC1112685 GINGER #45 
 NMC1112686 GINGER #46 
 NMC362237 LCL # 1 
 NMC362238 LCL # 2 
 NMC362239 LCL # 3 
 NMC362240 LCL # 4 
 NMC362241 LCL # 5 
 NMC362242 LCL # 6 
 NMC362243 LCL # 7 
 NMC362244 LCL # 8 
 NMC362245 LCL # 9 
 NMC362246 LCL #10 
 NMC362247 LCL #11 
 NMC362248 LCL #12 
 NMC362249 LCL #13 
 NMC362250 LCL #14 
 NMC362251 LCL #15 
 NMC362252 LCL #16 
 NMC362253 LCL #17 
 NMC362254 LCL #18 
 NMC362255 LCL #19 
 NMC362256 LCL #20 
 NMC362257 LCL #21 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC362258 LCL #22 
 NMC362259 LCL #23 
 NMC362260 LCL #24 
 NMC362261 LCL #25 
 NMC362262 LCL #26 
 NMC362263 LCL #27 
 NMC362264 LCL #28 
 NMC362265 LCL #29 
 NMC362266 LCL #30 
 NMC362267 LCL #31 
 NMC362268 LCL #32 
 NMC362269 LCL #33 
 NMC362270 LCL #34 
 NMC362271 LCL #35 
 NMC362272 LCL #36 
 NMC684371 EJM 1 
 NMC684372 EJM 2 
 NMC684373 EJM 3 
 NMC684374 EJM 4 
 NMC684375 EJM 5 

NMC684376 EJM 6 
 NMC684377 EJM 7 
 NMC684378 EJM 8 
 NMC684379 EJM 9 
 NMC684380 EJM 10 
 NMC684381 EJM 11 
 NMC684382 EJM 12 
 NMC408889 AP # 1 
 NMC408890 AP # 2 
 NMC408891 AP # 3 
 NMC408892 AP # 4 
 NMC408893 AP # 5 
 NMC408894 AP # 6 
 NMC408895 AP # 7 
 NMC408896 AP # 8 
 NMC408897 AP # 9 
 NMC408898 AP # 10 
 NMC408899 AP # 11 
 NMC408900 AP # 12 
 NMC408901 AP # 13 
 NMC408902 AP # 14 
 NMC408903 AP # 15 
 NMC408904 AP # 16 
 NMC408905 AP # 17 
 NMC408906 AP # 18 
 NMC632168 AP 200 
 NMC632169 AP 201 
 NMC632170 AP 202 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC632172 AP 204 
 NMC632173 AP 205 
 NMC663238 AP 207 
 NMC670367 AP #9A 
 NMC670368 AP #10A 
 NMC689220 AP 1R 
 NMC689221 AP 3R 
 NMC689222 AP 202R 
 NMC689223 AP 204R 
 NMC689224 AP 205R 
 NMC454061 APTC # 1 
 NMC454062 APTC # 2 
 NMC454063 APTC # 3 
 NMC454064 APTC # 4 
 NMC454065 APTC # 5 
 NMC454066 APTC # 6 

NMC454067 APTC # 7 
 NMC454068 APTC # 8 
 NMC454069 APTC # 9 
 NMC454070 APTC # 10 
 NMC454071 APTC # 11 
 NMC454072 APTC # 12 
 NMC454073 APTC # 13 
 NMC454074 APTC # 14 
 NMC454075 APTC # 15 
 NMC454076 APTC # 16 
 NMC454077 APTC # 17 
 NMC454078 APTC # 18 
 NMC454079 APTC # 19 
 NMC454080 APTC # 20 
 NMC454081 APTC # 21 
 NMC454082 APTC # 22 
 NMC454083 APTC # 23 
 NMC454084 APTC # 24 
 NMC454085 APTC # 25 
 NMC454086 APTC # 26 
 NMC454087 APTC # 27 
 NMC454088 APTC # 28 
 NMC454089 APTC # 29 
 NMC454090 APTC # 30 
 NMC454091 APTC # 31 
 NMC454092 APTC # 32 
 NMC454093 APTC # 33 
 NMC454094 APTC # 34 
 NMC454095 APTC # 35 
 NMC454096 APTC # 36 
 NMC918807 PEG 1 
 NMC918808 PEG 2 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC918809 PEG 3 
 NMC918810 PEG 4 
 NMC918811 PEG 5 
 NMC918812 PEG 6 
 NMC918813 PEG 7 
 NMC918814 PEG 8 
 NMC918815 PEG 9 
 NMC918816 PEG 10 
 NMC918817 PEG 11 
 NMC918818 PEG 12 
 NMC918819 PEG 13 
 NMC918820 PEG 14 

NMC918821 PEG 15 
 NMC918822 PEG 16 
 NMC918823 PEG 17 
 NMC918824 PEG 18 
 NMC918825 PEG 19 
 NMC918826 PEG 20 
 NMC216402 TCL # 1 
 NMC216403 TCL # 2 
 NMC216404 TCL # 3 
 NMC216405 TCL # 4 
 NMC216406 TCL # 5 
 NMC216407 TCL # 6 
 NMC216408 TCL # 7 
 NMC216409 TCL # 8 
 NMC216410 TCL # 9 
 NMC216411 TCL # 10 
 NMC216412 TCL # 11 
 NMC216413 TCL # 12 
 NMC216414 TCL # 13 
 NMC216415 TCL # 14 
 NMC216416 TCL # 15 
 NMC216417 TCL # 16 
 NMC216418 TCL # 17 
 NMC216419 TCL # 18 
 NMC216420 TCL # 19 
 NMC216421 TCL # 20 
 NMC216422 TCL # 21 
 NMC216423 TCL # 22 
 NMC216424 TCL # 23 
 NMC216425 TCL # 24 
 NMC216426 TCL # 25 
 NMC216427 TCL # 26 
 NMC216428 TCL # 27 
 NMC216429 TCL # 28 
 NMC216430 TCL # 29 
 NMC216431 TCL # 30 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC216432 TCL # 31 
 NMC216433 TCL # 32 
 NMC216434 TCL # 33 
 NMC216435 TCL # 34 
 NMC643209 BARB # 1 
 NMC643210 BARB # 2 
 NMC643211 BARB # 3 
 NMC643212 BARB # 4 

NMC408907 AP # 37 
 NMC408908 AP # 38 
 NMC408909 AP # 39 
 NMC408910 AP # 40 
 NMC408911 AP # 41 
 NMC408912 AP # 42 
 NMC408913 AP # 43 
 NMC408914 AP # 44 
 NMC408915 AP # 45 
 NMC408916 AP # 46 
 NMC408917 AP # 47 
 NMC408918 AP # 48 
 NMC408919 AP # 49 
 NMC408920 AP # 50 
 NMC408921 AP # 51 
 NMC408922 AP # 52 
 NMC408923 AP # 53 
 NMC408924 AP # 54 
 NMC933184 CALF 1 
 NMC933185 CALF 2 
 NMC933186 CALF 3 
 NMC933187 CALF 4 
 NMC933188 CALF 5 
 NMC933189 CALF 6 
 NMC933190 CALF 7 
 NMC933191 CALF 8 
 NMC933192 CALF 9 
 NMC933193 CALF 10 
 NMC933194 CALF 11 
 NMC933195 CALF 12 
 NMC933196 CALF 13 
 NMC933197 CALF 14 
 NMC933198 CALF 15 
 NMC933199 CALF 16 
 NMC933200 CALF 17 
 NMC933201 CALF 18 
 NMC952352 CALF 19 
 NMC952353 CALF 20 
 NMC952354 CALF 21 
 NMC952355 CALF 22 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC952356 CALF 23 
 NMC952357 CALF 24 
 NMC952358 CALF 25 
 NMC952359 CALF 26 

NMC952360 CALF 27 
 NMC952361 CALF 28 
 NMC952362 CALF 29 
 NMC952363 CALF 30 
 NMC952364 CALF 31 
 NMC952365 CALF 32 
 NMC952366 CALF 33 
 NMC952367 CALF 34 
 NMC952368 CALF 35 
 NMC952369 CALF 36 
 NMC398105 FOR # 1 
 NMC398106 FOR # 2 
 NMC398107 FOR # 3 
 NMC398108 FOR # 4 
 NMC398109 FOR # 5 
 NMC398110 FOR # 6 
 NMC398111 FOR # 7 
 NMC398112 FOR # 8 
 NMC556959 RCL #173 
 NMC556960 RCL #174 
 NMC556961 RCL #175 
 NMC556962 RCL #176 
 NMC556963 RCL #177 
 NMC663239 FORTOO 1 
 NMC663240 FORTOO 2 
 NMC663241 FORTOO 3 
 NMC663242 FORTOO 4 
 NMC663243 FORTOO 5 
 NMC663244 FORTOO 6 
 NMC663245 FORTOO 7 
 NMC663248 FORTOO 10 
 NMC663249 FORTOO 11 
 NMC663250 FORTOO 12 
 NMC663251 FORTOO 13 
 NMC663252 FORTOO 14 
 NMC663253 FORTOO 15 
 NMC672352 FORTOO NO 16 
 NMC672353 FORTOO NO 17 
 NMC812860 FORTOO 18 
 NMC812861 FORTOO 19 
 NMC409749 KAREN # 4 
 NMC409750 KAREN # 6 
 NMC409751 KAREN # 8 
 NMC409752 KAREN # 10 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 

NMC479550 KAREN # 1 
 NMC479551 KAREN # 3 
 NMC479552 KAREN # 5 
 NMC479553 KAREN # 7 
 NMC479569 FOR # 9 
 NMC479570 FOR # 10 
 NMC479571 FOR # 11 
 NMC479572 FOR # 12 
 NMC409744 PEG #2 
 NMC409745 PEG#4 NMC409746 PEG#6 NMC409747 PEG#8 NMC409748 PEG#10 NMC479554 PEG#1 NMC479555 PEG#3 NMC479556 PEG#5 NMC479557 PEG#7 NMC479558 PEG#9 NMC639278 WP 1 
 NMC639279 WP 2 
 NMC639280 WP 3 
 NMC639281 WP 4 
 NMC639282 HGS #37 
 NMC639283 HGS #38 
 NMC639284 HGS #39 
 NMC639285 HGS #40 
 NMC639286 HGS #41 
 NMC639287 HGS #42 
 NMC639288 HGS #43 
 NMC639289 HGS #44 
 NMC639290 HGS #45 
 NMC639291 HGS #46 
 NMC639292 HGS #47 
 NMC639293 HGS #48 
 NMC639294 HGS #49 
 NMC639295 HGS #50 
 NMC639296 HGS #51 
 NMC639297 HGS #52 
 NMC639298 HGS #53 
 NMC639299 HGS #54 
 NMC639300 HGS #55 
 NMC639301 HGS #56 
 NMC639318 HGS #284 
 NMC639319 HGS #285 
 NMC639320 HGS #286 

NMC639321 HGS #288 
 NMC639322 HGS #289 
 NMC639323 HGS #290 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC639324 HGS #292 
 NMC639325 HGS #293 
 NMC639326 HGS #294 
 NMC639327 HGS #296 
 NMC1001050 NP 1 
 NMC1001051 NP 2 
 NMC1001052 NP 3 
 NMC1001053 NP 4 
 NMC1001054 NP 5 
 NMC1001055 NP 6 
 NMC1001056 NP 7 
 NMC1001057 NP 8 
 NMC1001058 NP 9 
 NMC1001059 NP 10 
 NMC1001060 NP 11 
 NMC1001061 NP 12 
 NMC1001062 NP 13 
 NMC1001063 NP 14 
 NMC1001064 NP 15 
 NMC1001065 NP 16 
 NMC1001066 NP 17 
 NMC976967 FAIR 1 
 NMC976968 FAIR 2 
 NMC728801 FM 97 
 NMC728802 FM 98 
 NMC728803 FM 99 
 NMC728804 FM 100 
 NMC728805 FM 101 
 NMC728806 FM 102 
 NMC728807 FM 103 
 NMC728808 FM 104 
 NMC728809 FM 105 
 NMC728810 FM 106 
 NMC728811 FM 107 
 NMC728812 FM 108 
 NMC541227 PF # 19 
 NMC541228 PF # 20 
 NMC541229 PF # 21 
 NMC541230 PF # 22 
 NMC541231 PF # 23 
 NMC541232 PF # 24 

NMC541233 PF # 25 
 NMC541234 PF # 26 
 NMC541235 PF # 27 
 NMC541236 PF # 28 
 NMC541237 PF # 29 
 NMC541238 PF # 30 
 NMC541239 PF # 31 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC541240 PF # 32 
 NMC541241 PF # 33 
 NMC541242 PF # 34 
 NMC541243 PF # 35 
 NMC541244 PF # 36 
 NMC541245 PF # 37 
 NMC541246 PF # 38 
 NMC541247 PF # 39 
 NMC541248 PF # 40 
 NMC541249 PF # 41 
 NMC541250 PF # 42 
 NMC541251 PF # 43 
 NMC541252 PF # 44 
 NMC541253 PF # 45 
 NMC541254 PF # 46 
 NMC541255 PF # 47 
 NMC415697 HGS # 305 
 NMC415698 HGS # 306 
 NMC415702 HGS # 310 
 NMC415703 HGS # 311 
 NMC541209 PF # 1 
 NMC541210 PF # 2 
 NMC541211 PF # 3 
 NMC541212 PF # 4 
 NMC541213 PF # 5 
 NMC541214 PF # 6 
 NMC541215 PF # 7 
 NMC541216 PF # 8 
 NMC541217 PF # 9 
 NMC541218 PF # 10 
 NMC541219 PF # 11 
 NMC541220 PF # 12 
 NMC541221 PF # 13 
 NMC541222 PF # 14 
 NMC541223 PF # 15 
 NMC541224 PF # 16 
 NMC541225 PF # 17 

NMC541226 PF # 18 
 NMC639207 CAPE #1 
 NMC639208 CAPE #2 
 NMC639209 CAPE #3 
 NMC639210 CAPE #4 
 NMC639211 CAPE #5 
 NMC639212 CAPE #6 
 NMC639213 CAPE #7 
 NMC639214 CAPE #8 
 NMC639215 CAPE #9 
 NMC639216 CAPE #10 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC639217 CAPE #11 
 NMC639218 CAPE #12 
 NMC639219 CAPE #13 
 NMC639220 CAPE #14 
 NMC639221 CAPE #15 
 NMC639222 CAPE #16 
 NMC639223 CAPE #17 
 NMC639224 CAPE #18 
 NMC639225 CAPE #19 
 NMC639226 CAPE #20 
 NMC639227 CAPE #21 
 NMC639228 CAPE #22 
 NMC639229 CAPE #23 
 NMC639230 CAPE #24 
 NMC639231 CAPE #25 
 NMC639232 CAPE #26 
 NMC639233 CAPE #27 
 NMC639234 CAPE #28 
 NMC639235 CAPE #29 
 NMC639236 CAPE #30 
 NMC639237 CAPE #31 
 NMC639238 CAPE #32 
 NMC639239 CAPE #33 
 NMC639240 CAPE #34 
 NMC639241 CAPE #35 
 NMC639242 CAPE #36 
 NMC639243 CAPE #37 
 NMC639244 CAPE #38 
 NMC639245 CAPE #39 
 NMC639246 CAPE #40 
 NMC639247 CAPE #41 
 NMC639248 CAPE #42 
 NMC639249 CAPE #43 

NMC639250 CAPE #44 
 NMC639251 CAPE #45 
 NMC639252 CAPE #46 
 NMC639253 CAPE #47 
 NMC639254 CAPE #48 
 NMC639255 CAPE #49 
 NMC639256 CAPE #50 
 NMC639257 CAPE #51 
 NMC639258 CAPE #52 
 NMC639259 CAPE #53 
 NMC639260 CAPE #54 
 NMC639261 CAPE #55 
 NMC639262 CAPE #56 
 NMC639263 CAPE #57 
 NMC639264 CAPE #58 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC639265 CAPE #59 
 NMC639266 CAPE #78 
 NMC639267 CAPE #79 
 NMC639268 CAPE #80 
 NMC639271 CAPE #83 
 NMC639272 CAPE #84 
 NMC639273 CAPE #85 
 NMC639274 CAPE #86 
 NMC639275 CAPE #87 
 NMC639276 CAPE #88 
 NMC639277 CAPE #89 
 NMC639365 MAG #47 
 NMC639366 MAG #48 
 NMC639367 MAG #49 
 NMC639368 MAG #50 
 NMC639369 MAG #51 
 NMC639370 MAG #52 
 NMC639371 MAG #53 
 NMC639372 MAG #54 
 NMC639373 MAG #55 
 NMC639374 MAG #56 
 NMC639375 MAG #57 
 NMC639376 MAG #58 
 NMC639377 MAG #59 
 NMC639378 MAG #60 
 NMC639379 MAG #61 
 NMC639380 MAG #62 
 NMC639381 MAG #63 
 NMC639382 MAG #64 

NMC1192488 BERNAL 1 
 NMC1192489 BERNAL 2 
 NMC1192490 BERNAL 3 
 NMC1192491 BERNAL 4 
 NMC1192492 BERNAL 5 
 NMC1192493 BERNAL 6 
 NMC1192494 BERNAL 7 
 NMC1192495 BERNAL 8 
 NMC1192496 HATCHER 1 
 NMC1192497 HATCHER 2 
 NMC1192498 HATCHER 3 
 NMC1192499 KUHN 1 
 NMC1192500 KUHN 2 
 NMC1192501 KUHN 3 
 NMC1192502 KUHN 4 
 NMC1192503 KUHN 5 
 NMC1192504 KUHN 6 
 NMC1192505 KUHN 7 
 NMC1192506 KUHN 8 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC1192507 KUHN 9 
 NMC1192508 KUHN 10 
 NMC1192509 KUHN 11 
 NMC1192510 KUHN 12 
 NMC1192511 KUHN 13 
 NMC1192512 KUHN 14 
 NMC1192513 KUHN 15 
 NMC1192514 KUHN 16 
 NMC1192515 KUHN 17 
 NMC1192516 KUHN 18 
 NMC1192517 TBJ 8A 
 NMC1192518 TBJ 9A 

Leased Unpatented Mining Claims 
 1. Decker Lease 
 
 The Decker Lease provides for the lease of the following 170 unpatented mining claims generally located in 24, T.33N., R.42E. and 6, 18, 19, 20 and 30, T.33N., R.43E., Humboldt County, Nevada (noting that the E1 2NW1 4 of 30, T.33N., R.43E. is owned by Marigold Mining Company. See item 9(b) above under the heading Owned Real Property 
 af. Red and Kit Unpatented Mining Claims (161 claims) 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC48409 RED # 21 
 NMC48410 RED # 22 
 NMC48411 RED # 23 
 NMC48412 RED # 24 
 NMC48415 RED # 27 
 NMC48416 RED # 28 
 NMC48417 RED # 29 
 NMC48418 RED # 30 
 NMC48419 RED # 31 
 NMC48420 RED # 32 
 NMC48421 RED # 33 
 NMC48422 RED # 34 
 NMC48423 RED # 35 
 NMC48424 RED # 36 
 NMC48425 RED # 37 
 NMC48426 RED # 38 
 NMC56187 RED # 39 
 NMC56188 RED # 40 
 NMC56189 RED # 41 
 NMC56190 RED # 42 
 NMC56191 RED # 43 
 NMC56192 RED # 44 
 NMC56193 RED # 45 
 NMC56194 RED # 46 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC56195 RED # 47 
 NMC56196 RED # 48 
 NMC56197 RED # 49 
 NMC56198 RED # 50 
 NMC56199 RED # 52 
 NMC56200 RED # 53 
 NMC56201 RED # 54 
 NMC56202 RED # 55 
 NMC56203 RED # 56 
 NMC56204 RED # 57 
 NMC56205 RED # 58 
 NMC56206 RED # 59 
 NMC56207 RED # 60 
 NMC56208 RED # 61 
 NMC56209 RED # 62 
 NMC56210 RED # 63 
 NMC56211 RED # 64 
 NMC56212 RED # 65 
 NMC56213 RED # 66 
 NMC56214 RED # 67 
 NMC56215 RED # 68 
 NMC56216 RED # 69 
 NMC271665 RED #201 
 NMC271666 RED #202 
 NMC271667 RED #203 
 NMC271668 RED #204 
 NMC271669 RED #205 
 NMC271670 RED #206 
 NMC271671 RED #207 
 NMC271672 RED #208 
 NMC271673 RED #209 
 NMC271674 RED #210 
 NMC271675 RED #211 
 NMC271676 RED #212 
 NMC271677 RED #213 
 NMC271678 RED #214 
 NMC271679 RED #215 
 NMC271680 RED #216 
 NMC271681 RED #217 
 NMC271682 RED #218 
 NMC271683 RED #219 
 NMC271684 RED #220 
 NMC271685 RED #221 
 NMC271686 RED #222 

NMC271687 RED #223 
 NMC271688 RFD #224 
 NMC271689 RED #601 
 NMC271690 RED #602 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC271691 RED #603 
 NMC271692 RED #604 
 NMC271693 RED #605 
 NMC271694 RED #606 
 NMC271695 RED #607 
 NMC271696 RED #608 
 NMC271697 RED #609 
 NMC271698 RED #610 
 NMC271699 RED #611 
 NMC271700 RED #612 
 NMC271701 RED #613 
 NMC271702 RED #614 
 NMC271703 RED #615 
 NMC271704 RED #616 
 NMC271705 RED #617 
 NMC271706 RED #618 
 NMC271707 RED #619 
 NMC271708 RED #620 
 NMC271709 RED #621 
 NMC271710 RED #622 
 NMC271711 RED #623 
 NMC271712 RED #624 
 NMC271713 RED #625 
 NMC271714 RED #626 
 NMC271715 RED #627 
 NMC271716 RED #628 
 NMC365642 KIT # 1 
 NMC365643 KIT # 2 
 NMC365644 KIT # 3 
 NMC365645 KIT # 4 
 NMC365646 KIT # 5 
 NMC365647 KIT # 6 
 NMC365648 KIT # 7 
 NMC365649 KIT # 8 
 NMC365650 KIT # 9 
 NMC365651 KIT # 10 
 NMC365652 KIT # 11 
 NMC365653 KIT # 12 
 NMC365654 KIT # 13 
 NMC365655 KIT # 14 

NMC365656 KIT # 15 
 NMC365657 KIT # 16 
 NMC365658 KIT # 17 
 NMC365659 KIT # 18 
 NMC365660 KIT # 19 
 NMC365661 KIT # 20 
 NMC365662 KIT # 21 
 NMC365663 KIT # 22 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC365664 KIT # 23 
 NMC365665 KIT # 24 
 NMC365666 KIT # 25 
 NMC365667 KIT # 26 
 NMC365668 KIT # 27 
 NMC365669 KIT # 28 
 NMC365670 KIT # 29 
 NMC365671 KIT # 30 
 NMC365672 KIT # 31 
 NMC365673 KIT # 32 
 NMC365674 KIT # 33 
 NMC365675 KIT # 34 
 NMC365676 KIT # 35 
 NMC365677 KIT # 36 
 NMC678030 RED 1801A 
 NMC678031 RED 1802A 
 NMC678032 RED 1803A 
 NMC678033 RED 1804A 
 NMC678034 RED 1805A 
 NMC678035 RED 1806A 
 NMC678036 RED 1807A 
 NMC678037 RED 1808A 
 NMC678038 RED 1809A 
 NMC678039 RED 1810A 
 NMC678040 RED 1811A 
 NMC678041 RED 1812A 
 NMC678042 RED 1813A 
 NMC678043 RED 1814A 
 NMC678044 RED 1815A 
 NMC678045 RED 1816A 
 NMC678046 RED 1817A 
 NMC678047 RED 1818A 
 NMC678055 RED 1826A 
 NMC678056 RED 1827A 
 NMC678057 RED 1828A 
 NMC678058 RED 1829A 
 NMC678059 RED 1830A 
 NMC678060 RED 1831A 
 NMC678061 RED 1832A 
 NMC678062 RED 1833A 
 NMC678063 RED 1834A 

ag. Red #23A Unpatented Mining Claim 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC552226 RED # 23A 

ah. Red #24A Unpatented Mining Claim 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC552227 RED # 24A 

ai. Nured Unpatented Mining Claims (7 claims) 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC871541 NURED 1819 
 NMC871542 NURED 1820 
 NMC871543 NURED 1821 
 NMC871544 NURED 1822 
 NMC871545 NURED 1823 
 NMC871546 NURED 1824 
 NMC871547 NURED 1825 

2. Vek and Andrus Lease 
 
 The Vek and Andrus Lease provides for the lease of the following 205 unpatented mining claims and unpatented millsite claims generally located in 36, T.33N., R.42E. 6, T.32N., R.43E. 8, T.33N., R.43E. and 30 and 32, T.34N., R.44E., Humboldt County, Nevada 
 aj. COT and VAL Unpatented Mining Claims (134 claims) 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC271972 COT # 1 
 NMC271973 COT # 2 
 NMC271974 COT # 3 
 NMC271975 COT # 4 
 NMC271976 COT # 5 
 NMC271977 COT # 6 
 NMC271978 COT # 7 
 NMC271979 COT # 8 
 NMC271980 COT # 9 
 NMC271981 COT # 10 
 NMC271982 COT # 11 
 NMC271983 COT # 12 
 NMC271984 COT # 13 
 NMC271985 COT # 14 
 NMC271986 COT # 15 
 NMC271987 COT # 16 
 NMC271988 COT # 17 
 NMC271989 COT # 18 
 NMC271990 COT # 19 
 NMC271991 COT # 20 
 NMC271992 COT # 21 
 NMC271993 COT # 22 
 NMC271994 COT # 23 
 NMC271995 COT # 24 
 NMC271996 COT # 25 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC271997 COT # 26 
 NMC271998 COT # 27 
 NMC271999 COT # 28 
 NMC272000 COT # 29 
 NMC272001 COT # 30 
 NMC272002 COT # 31 
 NMC272003 COT # 32 
 NMC272004 COT # 33 
 NMC272005 COT # 34 
 NMC272006 COT # 35 
 NMC272007 COT # 36 
 NMC275733 COT # 38 
 NMC275750 COT # 55 
 NMC275751 COT # 56 
 NMC275752 COT # 57 
 NMC275753 COT # 58 
 NMC275755 COT # 60 
 NMC275757 COT # 62 
 NMC275759 COT # 64 
 NMC275760 COT # 65 
 NMC275761 COT # 66 
 NMC275762 COT # 67 
 NMC275763 COT # 68 
 NMC275764 COT # 69 
 NMC275765 COT # 70 
 NMC275766 COT # 71 
 NMC275767 COT # 72 
 NMC342068 COT #73 
 NMC342069 COT #74 
 NMC342070 COT #75 
 NMC342071 COT #76 
 NMC297554 VAL # 1 
 NMC297555 VAL # 2 
 NMC297556 VAL # 3 
 NMC297557 VAL # 4 
 NMC297558 VAL # 5 
 NMC297559 VAL # 6 
 NMC297560 VAL # 7 
 NMC297561 VAL # 8 
 NMC297562 VAL # 9 
 NMC297563 VAL # 10 
 NMC297564 VAL # 11 
 NMC297565 VAL # 12 
 NMC297566 VAL # 13 

NMC297567 VAL # 14 
 NMC297568 VAL # 15 
 NMC297569 VAL # 16 
 NMC297570 VAL # 17 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC297571 VAL # 18 
 NMC347463 VAL # 19 
 NMC347464 VAL # 20 
 NMC347465 VAL # 21 
 NMC347466 VAL # 22 
 NMC347467 VAL # 23 
 NMC347468 VAL # 24 
 NMC347469 VAL # 25 
 NMC347470 VAL # 26 
 NMC347471 VAL # 27 
 NMC347472 VAL # 28 
 NMC347473 VAL # 29 
 NMC347474 VAL # 30 
 NMC347475 VAL # 31 
 NMC297572 VAL # 37 
 NMC297573 VAL # 38 
 NMC297574 VAL # 39 
 NMC297575 VAL # 40 
 NMC297576 VAL # 41 
 NMC297577 VAL # 42 
 NMC297578 VAL # 43 
 NMC297579 VAL # 44 
 NMC297580 VAL # 45 
 NMC297581 VAL # 46 
 NMC297582 VAL # 47 
 NMC297583 VAL # 48 
 NMC297584 VAL # 49 
 NMC297585 VAL # 50 
 NMC297586 VAL # 51 
 NMC297587 VAL # 52 
 NMC297588 VAL # 53 
 NMC297589 VAL # 54 
 NMC297590 VAL # 55 
 NMC297591 VAL # 56 
 NMC297592 VAL # 57 
 NMC297593 VAL # 58 
 NMC297594 VAL # 59 
 NMC297595 VAL # 60 
 NMC297596 VAL # 61 
 NMC297597 VAL # 62 

NMC297598 VAL # 63 
 NMC297599 VAL # 64 
 NMC297600 VAL # 65 
 NMC297601 VAL # 66 
 NMC297602 VAL # 67 
 NMC297603 VAL # 68 
 NMC297604 VAL # 69 
 NMC297605 VAL # 70 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC297606 VAL # 71 
 NMC297607 VAL # 72 
 NMC361164 COT FRAC # 1 
 NMC361165 COT FRAC # 2 
 NMC361166 COT FRAC # 3 
 NMC361167 COT FRAC # 4 
 NMC361168 COT FRAC # 5 
 NMC361169 COT FRAC # 6 
 NMC361170 COT FRAC # 7 
 NMC361171 COT FRAC # 8 
 NMC361172 COT FRAC # 9 
 NMC371559 COT # 75A 
 NMC371560 COT # 76A 

ak. RECOT Unpatented Mining Claims and GMMCMS Unpatented Millsite Claims (71 claims) denotes millsite claims) 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC822614 RECOT 37 
 NMC822615 RECOT 39 
 NMC822616 RECOT 40 
 NMC822617 RECOT 41 
 NMC822618 RECOT 42 
 NMC822619 RECOT 43 
 NMC822620 RECOT 45 
 NMC822621 RECOT 47 
 NMC822622 RECOT 50 
 NMC822623 RECOT 51 
 NMC822624 RECOT 52 
 NMC822625 RECOT 53 
 NMC822626 RECOT 54 
 NMC822627 RECOT 59 
 NMC822628 RECOT 61 
 NMC822629 RECOT 63 
 NMC822630 RECOT 63B 
 NMC822560 
 GMMCMS 1 
 NMC822561 
 GMMCMS 2 
 NMC822562 
 GMMCMS 3 
 NMC822563 
 GMMCMS 4 
 NMC822564 
 GMMCMS 5 
 NMC822565 
 GMMCMS 6 
 NMC822566 
 GMMCMS 7 
 NMC822567 
 GMMCMS 8 
 NMC822568 
 GMMCMS 9 
 NMC822569 
 GMMCMS 10 
 NMC822570 
 GMMCMS 11 
 NMC822571 
 GMMCMS 12 
 NMC822572 
 GMMCMS 13 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC822573 
 GMMCMS 14 
 NMC822574 
 GMMCMS 15 
 NMC822575 
 GMMCMS 16 
 NMC822576 
 GMMCMS 17 
 NMC822577 
 GMMCMS 18 
 NMC822578 
 GMMCMS 19 
 NMC822579 
 GMMCMS 20 
 NMC822580 
 GMMCMS 21 
 NMC822581 
 GMMCMS 22 
 NMC822582 
 GMMCMS 23 
 NMC822583 
 GMMCMS 24 
 NMC822584 
 GMMCMS 25 
 NMC822585 
 GMMCMS 26 
 NMC822586 
 GMMCMS 27 
 NMC822587 
 GMMCMS 28 
 NMC822588 
 GMMCMS 29 
 NMC822589 
 GMMCMS 30 
 NMC822590 
 GMMCMS 31 
 NMC822591 
 GMMCMS 32 
 NMC822592 
 GMMCMS 33 
 NMC822593 
 GMMCMS 34 
 NMC822594 
 GMMCMS 35 
 NMC822595 
 GMMCMS 36 
 NMC822596 
 GMMCMS 37 
 NMC822597 
 GMMCMS 38 
 NMC822598 
 GMMCMS 39 
 NMC822599 
 GMMCMS 40 
 NMC822600 
 GMMCMS 41 
 NMC822601 
 GMMCMS 42 
 NMC822602 
 GMMCMS 43 
 NMC822603 
 GMMCMS 44 
 NMC822604 
 GMMCMS 45 
 NMC822605 
 GMMCMS 46 
 NMC822606 
 GMMCMS 47 
 NMC822607 
 GMMCMS 48 
 NMC822608 
 GMMCMS 49 
 NMC822609 
 GMMCMS 50 
 NMC822610 
 GMMCMS 51 
 NMC822611 
 GMMCMS 52 
 NMC822612 
 GMMCMS 53 
 NMC822613 
 GMMCMS 54 

3. Euro-Nevada Lease 
 
 The Euro-Nevada Lease provides for the lease of the following 36 unpatented mining claims generally located in 10, T.33N., R.43E., Humboldt County, Nevada 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC373649 SAR# 37 
 NMC373650 SAR# 38 
 NMC373651 SAR# 39 
 NMC373652 SAR# 40 
 NMC373653 SAR# 41 
 NMC373654 SAR# 42 
 NMC373655 SAR# 43 
 NMC373656 SAR# 44 
 NMC373657 SAR# 45 
 NMC373658 SAR# 46 
 NMC373659 SAR# 47 
 NMC373660 SAR# 48 
 NMC373661 SAR# 49 
 NMC373662 SAR# 50 
 NMC373663 SAR# 51 
 NMC373664 SAR# 52 
 NMC373665 SAR# 53 
 NMC373666 SAR# 54 
 NMC373667 SAR# 55 
 NMC373668 SAR# 56 
 NMC373669 SAR# 57 
 NMC373670 SAR# 58 
 NMC373671 SAR# 59 
 NMC373672 SAR# 60 
 NMC373673 SAR# 61 
 NMC373674 SAR# 62 
 NMC373675 SAR# 63 
 NMC373676 SAR# 64 
 NMC373677 SAR# 65 
 NMC373678 SAR# 66 
 NMC373679 SAR# 67 
 NMC373680 SAR# 68 
 NMC373681 SAR# 69 
 NMC373682 SAR# 70 
 NMC373683 SAR# 71 
 NMC373684 SAR# 72 

4. Nevada North Lease 
 
 The Nevada North Lease provides for the lease of the following 48 unpatented mining claims generally located in 6 (S2NE4, N2SE4, SE4SE4) and 8, T.32N., R.43E., Humboldt County, Nevada 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC409224 BC- 1 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC409225 BC- 2 
 NMC409226 BC- 3 
 NMC409227 BC- 4 
 NMC409228 BC- 5 
 NMC409229 BC- 6 
 NMC409230 BC- 7 
 NMC409231 BC- 8 
 NMC409232 BC- 9 
 NMC409233 BC-10 
 NMC409234 BC-11 
 NMC409235 BC-12 
 NMC409236 BC-13 
 NMC409237 BC-14 
 NMC409238 BC-15 
 NMC409239 BC-16 
 NMC409240 BC-17 
 NMC409241 BC-18 
 NMC409242 BC-19 
 NMC409243 BC-20 
 NMC409244 BC-21 
 NMC409245 BC-22 
 NMC409246 BC-23 
 NMC409247 BC-24 
 NMC409248 BC-25 
 NMC409249 BC-26 
 NMC409250 BC-27 
 NMC409251 BC-28 
 NMC409252 BC-29 
 NMC409253 BC-30 
 NMC409254 BC-31 
 NMC409255 BC-32 
 NMC409256 BC-33 
 NMC409257 BC-34 
 NMC409258 BC-35 
 NMC409259 BC-36 
 NMC409260 BC-37 
 NMC409261 BC-38 
 NMC409262 BC-39 
 NMC409263 BC-40 
 NMC409264 BC-41 
 NMC409265 BC-42 
 NMC409266 BC-43 
 NMC409267 BC-44 
 NMC409268 BC-45 
 NMC409269 BC-46 
 NMC409270 BC-47 
 NMC409271 BC-48 

5. Franco-Nevada Lease 
 
 The Franco-Nevada Lease provides for the lease of the following 82 unpatented mining claims generally located in 28 and 32, T33.N., R.43E., Humboldt County, Nevada 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC379514 N - 1 
 NMC379515 N - 2 
 NMC379516 N - 3 
 NMC379517 N - 4 
 NMC379518 N - 5 
 NMC379519 N - 6 
 NMC379520 N - 7 
 NMC379521 N - 8 
 NMC379522 N - 9 
 NMC379523 N - 10 
 NMC379524 N - 11 
 NMC379525 N - 12 
 NMC379526 N - 13 
 NMC379527 N - 14 
 NMC379528 N - 15 
 NMC379529 N - 16 
 NMC379530 N - 17 
 NMC379531 N - 18 
 NMC379532 N - 19 
 NMC379533 N - 20 
 NMC379534 N - 21 
 NMC379535 N - 22 
 NMC379536 N - 23 
 NMC379537 N - 24 
 NMC379538 N - 25 
 NMC379539 N - 26 
 NMC379540 N - 27 
 NMC379541 N - 28 
 NMC379542 N - 29 
 NMC379543 N - 30 
 NMC379544 N - 31 
 NMC379545 N - 32 
 NMC379546 N - 33 
 NMC379547 N - 34 
 NMC379548 N - 35 
 NMC379549 N - 36 
 NMC379550 N - 37 
 NMC379551 N - 38 
 NMC379552 N - 39 
 NMC379553 N - 40 
 NMC379554 N - 41 
 NMC379555 N - 42 
 NMC379556 N - 43 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC379557 N - 44 
 NMC379558 N - 45 
 NMC379559 N - 46 
 NMC379560 N - 47 
 NMC379561 N - 48 
 NMC379562 N - 49 
 NMC379563 N - 50 
 NMC379564 N - 51 
 NMC379565 N - 52 
 NMC379566 N - 53 
 NMC379567 N - 54 
 NMC379568 N - 55 
 NMC379569 N - 56 
 NMC379570 N - 57 
 NMC379571 N - 58 
 NMC379572 N - 59 
 NMC379573 N - 60 
 NMC379574 N - 61 
 NMC379575 N - 62 
 NMC379576 N - 63 
 NMC379577 N - 64 
 NMC379578 N - 65 
 NMC379579 N - 66 
 NMC379580 N - 67 
 NMC379581 N - 68 
 NMC379582 N - 69 
 NMC379583 N - 70 
 NMC379584 N - 71 
 NMC379585 N - 72 
 NMC623992 N - 109 
 NMC623993 N - 110 
 NMC623994 N - 111 
 NMC623995 N - 112 
 NMC676435 N - 20A 
 NMC676436 N - 22A 
 NMC676437 N - 28A 
 NMC676438 N - 29A 
 NMC676439 N - 30A 
 NMC676440 N - 31A 

6. New Nevada 2006 Lease 
 
 The New Nevada 2006 Lease provides for the lease of the following 112 unpatented mining claims generally located in 20, 30 and 32, T32.N., R.42E., and 6, T31.N., R.42E., Humboldt County, Nevada 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC750721 CHU 17 
 NMC750722 CHU 18 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC750723 CHU 19 
 NMC750724 CHU 20 
 NMC750725 CHU 21 
 NMC750726 CHU 22 
 NMC750727 CHU 23 
 NMC750728 CHU 24 
 NMC750729 CHU 25 
 NMC750730 CHU 26 
 NMC750731 CHU 27 
 NMC750732 CHU 28 
 NMC750733 CHU 29 
 NMC750734 CHU 30 
 NMC750735 CHU 31 
 NMC750736 CHU 32 
 NMC752847 MB 82 
 NMC752848 MB 83 
 NMC752849 MB 84 
 NMC752850 MB 85 
 NMC752851 MB 86 
 NMC752852 MB 87 
 NMC752853 MB 88 
 NMC752854 MB 89 
 NMC752855 MB 90 
 NMC752856 MB 91 
 NMC752857 MB 92 
 NMC752858 MB 93 
 NMC752859 MB 94 
 NMC752860 MB 95 
 NMC752861 MB 96 
 NMC752862 MB 97 
 NMC752863 MB 98 
 NMC752864 MB 99 
 NMC752865 MB 100 
 NMC752866 MB 101 
 NMC752867 MB 102 
 NMC752868 MB 103 
 NMC752869 MB 104 
 NMC752870 MB 105 
 NMC752871 MB 106 
 NMC752872 MB 107 
 NMC752873 MB 108 
 NMC752874 MB 109 
 NMC752875 MB 110 
 NMC752876 MB 111 

NMC752877 MB 112 
 NMC752878 MB 113 
 NMC752879 MB 114 
 NMC752880 MB 115 
 
 BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC752881 MB 116 
 NMC752882 MB 117 
 NMC780924 LOU 1 
 NMC780925 LOU 2 
 NMC780926 LOU 3 
 NMC780927 LOU 4 
 NMC780928 LOU 5 
 NMC780929 LOU 6 
 NMC780930 LOU 7 
 NMC780931 LOU 8 
 NMC780932 LOU 9 
 NMC780933 LOU 10 
 NMC780934 LOU 11 
 NMC780935 LOU 12 
 NMC780936 LOU 13 
 NMC780937 LOU 14 
 NMC780938 LOU 15 
 NMC780939 LOU 16 
 NMC780940 LOU 17 
 NMC780941 LOU 18 
 NMC780942 LOU 19 
 NMC780943 LOU 20 
 NMC780944 LOU 21 
 NMC780945 LOU 22 
 NMC780946 LOU 23 
 NMC780947 LOU 24 
 NMC780948 LOU 25 
 NMC780949 LOU 26 
 NMC780950 LOU 27 
 NMC780951 LOU 28 
 NMC780952 LOU 29 
 NMC780953 LOU 30 
 NMC780954 LOU 31 
 NMC780955 LOU 32 
 NMC780956 LOU 33 
 NMC780957 LOU 34 
 NMC780958 LOU 35 
 NMC780959 LOU 36 
 NMC821539 BISON # 1 
 NMC821540 BISON # 2 

NMC821541 BISON # 3 
 NMC821542 BISON # 4 
 NMC821543 BISON # 5 
 NMC821544 BISON # 6 
 NMC821545 BISON # 7 
 NMC821546 BISON # 8 
 NMC821547 BISON # 9 
 NMC821548 BISON # 10 

BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NMC821549 BISON # 11 
 NMC821550 BISON # 12 
 NMC821551 BISON # 13 
 NMC821552 BISON # 14 
 NMC821553 BISON # 15 
 NMC821554 BISON # 16 
 NMC821555 BISON # 17 
 NMC821556 BISON # 18 
 NMC821557 BISON # 19 
 NMC821558 BISON # 20 
 NMC821559 BISON # 21 
 NMC821560 BISON # 22 
 NMC821561 BISON # 23 
 NMC821562 BISON # 24 

7. Waseco Option Agreement 
 
 Option Agreement between Waseco Resources US Inc. and Marigold Mining Company, dated effective July 1, 2020, provides an option to acquire the Amended and Restated Mining Lease, among Waseco Resources US Inc., Aquarian Mining Exploration Inc. and William Fyvie Holdings Ltd, dated July 1, 2020, covering the following unpatented mining claims located in Township 32 North, Range 43 East, Section 20, MDBM, Lander County, Nevada 

New BLM Serial Number 
 Legacy BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NV101356430 
 NMC937844 SBD 1 
 NV101356431 
 NMC937845 SBD 2 
 NV101356432 
 NMC937846 SBD 3 
 NV101356433 
 NMC937847 SBD 4 
 NV101356434 
 NMC937848 SBD 5 
 NV101356435 
 NMC937849 SBD 6 
 NV101356436 
 NMC937850 SBD 7 
 NV101356437 
 NMC937851 SBD 8 
 NV101356438 
 NMC937852 SBD 9 
 NV101356439 
 NMC937853 SBD 11 
 NV101356440 
 NMC937854 SBD 12 
 NV101356441 
 NMC937855 SBD 13 
 NV101356442 
 NMC937856 SBD 14 
 NV101356443 
 NMC937857 SBD 15 
 NV101356444 
 NMC937858 SBD 16 
 NV101356445 
 NMC937859 SBD 17 
 NV101356446 
 NMC937860 SBD 18 
 NV101356447 
 NMC937861 SBD 19 
 NV101356448 
 NMC937862 SBD 20 
 NV101356449 
 NMC937863 SBD 21 
 NV101356450 
 NMC937864 SBD 22 
 NV101356451 
 NMC937865 SBD 23 
 NV101356452 
 NMC937866 SBD 24 

New BLM Serial Number 
 Legacy BLM Serial Number 
 Claim Name 
 NV101357443 
 NMC937867 SBD 25 
 NV101357444 
 NMC937868 SBD 26 
 NV101357445 
 NMC937869 SBD 27 
 NV101357446 
 NMC937870 SBD 28 
 NV101357447 
 NMC937871 SBD 29 
 NV101357448 
 NMC937872 SBD 30 

Leased Real Property 
 1. SFP Minerals Lease 3 
 
 al. Approximately 649.00 acres within the All of 5, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-461-02 for 2013-14 and 3343-05-100-001 for 2014-15 
 
 am. Approximately 640.00 acres within the All of 9, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-461-09 for 2013-14 and 3343-09-100-001 for 2014-15 
 
 an. Approximately 649.00 acres within the All of 17, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-461-14 for 2013-14 and 3343-17-100-001 for 2014-15 and 
 
 ao. Approximately 631.00 acres within the All of 31, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-461-31 for 2013-14 and 3343-31-100-001 for 2014-15. 
 
 2. SPLC Lease and SPLC Sublease (New Nevada Lands, LLC, as lessor, and Newmont, as lessee and sublessor) 
 
 ap. Approximately 640.00 acres within the All of 29, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-401-29 for 2013-14 and 3443-29-100-001 for 2014-15 and 
 
 aq. Approximately 640.00 acres within the All of 33, 4 T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel numbers 007-403-01 through 007-403-05, 007-403-07 through 007-403-10, 007-404-01, 007-404-03 through 007-404-13 for 2013-14 
 and 3443-33-100-001 through 3443-33-100-005, 3443-33-200-001 through 3443-33-200-008, 
 3443-33-300-001 through 3443-33-300-004, 3443-33-400-001 through 3443-33-400-003 for 
 2014-15 

3 For 9 and 17 (items 1.a. and b.), the SFP Minerals Lease covers mineral rights only. Marigold Mining Company owns the surface rights in these sections. See items 2 and 3 above under the heading Owned Real Property . 
 4 For 33, the SPLC Lease and SPLC Sublease are for minerals only. Marigold Mining Company owns surface rights in 33. See item 4 above under the heading Owned Real Property . 

3. SPLC Sublease (now lease with Franco-Nevada U.S. Corporation, as lessor) 
 
 ar. Approximately 653.60 acres within the All of 1, T.33N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-451-06 for 2013-14 and 3342-01-100-001 for 2014-15 
 
 as. Approximately 640.00 acres within the All of 13, T.34N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-451-18 for 2013-14 and 3342-13-100-001 for 2014-15 
 
 at. Approximately 640.00 acres within the All of 25, T.34N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-451-30 for 2013-14 and 3342-25-100-001 for 2014-15 
 
 au. Approximately 625.80 acres within the All of 7, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-461-07 for 2013-14 and 3343-07-100-001 for 2014-15 
 
 av. Approximately 620.00 acres within the All of 19, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-401-21 for 2013-14 and 3443-19-100-001 for 2014-15 and 
 
 aw. Approximately 625.38 acres within the All of 31, T.34N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-401-36 for 2013-14 and 3443-31-100-001 for 2014-15. 
 
 4. 2018 UNR Lease 
 
 Approximately 628.00 acres within the All of 19, T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M., and identified as Humboldt County Assessor s parcel number 007-461-19 for 2013-14 and 3343-19-100-001 for 2014-15. 
 5. New Nevada 2012 Lease 
 
 Mineral interests owned by New Nevada Resources, LLC, and surface estate owned by New Nevada Lands, LLC, and leased under the New Nevada 2012 Lease. 
 T.33N., R.43E., M.D.B.&M. 
 33, All (Approximately 640.00 acres, surface estate owned by New Nevada Lands, LLC) 
 6. New Nevada 2014 Lease 
 
 Mineral interests owned by New Nevada Resources, LLC, and certain surface estate owned by New Nevada Lands, LLC, and leased under the New Nevada 2014 Lease. 
 T.31N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M. 
 5, All of that portion of section lying within the boundaries of Lander County (Approximately 441.00 acres) 
 5, All of that portion of section lying within the boundaries of Humboldt County (Approximately 337.50 acres) 
 
 T.32N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M. 
 9, All (Approximately 640 acres) 

21, All of that portion of section lying within the boundaries of Lander County (Approximately 240.00 acres) 
 21, All of that portion of section lying within the boundaries of Humboldt County (Approximately 400 acres) 
 23, E 2, E 2 W 2, NW 4 NW 4 (Approximately 520 acres) 
 27, SE 4, N 2 NE 4 (Approximately 240 acres) 
 27, W 2, S 2 NE 4 (Approximately 400 acres) 
 29, All (Approximately 640 acres) 
 31, All (Approximately 610 acres) 
 T.33N., R.42E., M.D.B.&M. 
 11, All (Approximately 640.00 acres, surface estate owned by New Nevada Lands, LLC) 
 23, All (Approximately 640.00 acres, surface estate owned by KH Investors, LLC) 
 35, All (Approximately 640.00 acres, surface estate owned by Finance All, LLC) 

SCHEDULE 3.1(27) 
 
 MARIGOLD PROJECT LEASES 

Marigold Project Leases that are Material Leasehold Interests 
 1. The Decker Lease. 
 2. The Vek and Andrus Lease. 
 3. The SFP Minerals Lease. 
 4. The UNR Lease. 
 
 Other Marigold Project Leases 
 5. Euro-Nevada Lease 
 6. Nevada North Lease 
 7. Franco-Nevada Lease 
 8. New Nevada 2006 Lease 
 9. Waseco Option Agreement 
 10. SPLC Lease and Sublease (New Nevada Lands, LLC, as lessor, and Nevada Gold Mines, as lessee and sublessor) 
 11. SPLC Sublease (Franco-Nevada U.S. Corporation, as lessor) 
 12. New Nevada 2012 Lease 
 13. New Nevada 2014 Lease 

SCHEDULE 3.1(28) MARIGOLD PROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS 

Permit Name 
 Permit Number 
 Plan of Operations 
 N26-88-005P 
 Reclamation Permit and Bond 
 0108 
 Water Pollution Control Permit (including Petroleum Contaminated Soils Permit) 
 NEV0088040 
 Stormwater General Discharge Permit 
 NVR300000 
 Title V Air Quality Operating Permit 
 AP1041-2967 
 Class II Air Quality Operating Permit 
 AP1041-3666 
 Mercury Operating Permit to Construct Phase II (air) 
 AP1041-2254 
 EPA RCRA ID 
 NVD986766954 
 Industrial Artificial Pond Permit 
 39502 
 Jurisdictional Waters of the U.S. Determination 
 N A (no jurisdictional waters) 
 Class III Landfill Waiver 
 SW1764 
 Hazardous Materials Permit (State of Nevada) 
 97207 
 BATF License 
 9-NV-013-20-3D-00359 
 Potable Water Permit 
 HU-1103-NTNC 
 
 Septic Permit 
 GNEVOSDS09-L-0016 1 GNEVOSDS09-L-0252 1 GNEVOSDS09-S0341 1 

Radio Licenses 
 WNPA726 WNUV910 WPMF419 WQVA510 WQVA548 WQVA551 
 DOT Hazardous Materials Registration 
 061818550 430AC 
 Liquefied Petroleum Gas Class 5 License 
 5-3482-01 
 Trout Creek Dam Permit (including Dam Impoundment Permit) 
 J-666 

Water Rights 
 83256 (Permanent Change App 3691) 
 2324 (Certificate 584) Permits 76425, S01, S02, S03 
 Permits 86582, 86583, 87235-87242, 88986, 89972T, 89707T, 90118T 
 Applications 86584 2 , 86585 2 , 80849 2 , 
 3282 2 ,V01898 2 , 2216 2 

Waiver DW-169 
 County Conditional Use Permit 
 UH-20-12 
 MSHA ID 
 26-02081 

Notes 
 1. As of the date hereof, permit is in the renewal process. 
 2. As of the date hereof, permit is pending with the State of Nevada. 

SCHEDULE 3.1(32) EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENTS 
 
 EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 1. The Decker Lease 
 Minimum annual royalty of 
 60,000, payable in 5,000 monthly installments for the remainder of the term of the Decker Lease. 
 Gross production royalty on ores mined from the Claims (as defined in the Decker Lease) and the University Lands (as defined in the Decker Lease) and processed based on the price of gold as follows 

Note The University Lands refers to the lands subject to the 2018 UNR Lease. 
 2. The Vek and Andrus Lease 
 160,000 on each anniversary (after, and including, the fifth anniversary) of the Vek and Andrus Lease. 
 
 The amount of advance royalties shall be subject to adjustment in an amount equal to the change in the Producer Price Index for Industrial Commodities (1967 100 
 If and when the lessee commences production of metals and minerals, the lessee shall pay the lessor a production royalty of 5 of the net mint or smelter returns (as defined in the Vek and Andrus Lease) upon all metals, ores, minerals and mineral substances (or concentrates produced therefrom by lessee) produced, sold and shipped from the Subject Property (as defined in the Vek and Andrus Lease), until the lessor has received 
 1,500,000 from all payments (advance and production), and a production royalty of 3 thereafter. The current production royalty under the Vek and Andrus Lease is 3 of the net mint or smelter returns. 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 3. The SFP 
 Minerals Lease 
 Lessee shall pay lessor an advance royalty payment annually on the anniversary date and on each succeeding anniversary date of 20 acre for the Leased Premises (as defined in the SFP Minerals Lease) that are subject to the SFP Minerals Lease. 
 In the event lessee removes Minerals (as defined in the SFP Minerals Lease) from the Leased Premises, lessee shall pay to lessor production royalty equal to 5 of the Net Returns (as defined in the SFP Minerals Lease) of the Minerals mined and removed. 
 4. The 2018 UNR 
 Lease 
 Lessee agrees to pay to the lessor an advance royalty payment of 200,000 payable on August 1, 2018 200,000 
 for 2019 through 2024 (inclusive), payable annually on January 1 and 100,000 from 2025 onwards, payable annually on January 1, provided that if before the end of any Lease Year (as defined in the 2018 UNR Lease) Marigold Mining Company ceases production on the Property (as defined in the 2018 UNR Lease), but Marigold Mining Company continues to explore for or develop Minerals (as defined in the 2018 UNR Lease) or use the Property for access, such payments in the succeeding Lease Year(s) shall be reduced to 25,000 while the 2018 UNR Lease is in effect. The advance royalty payments are subject to annual adjustment based on changes in the Consumer s Price Index (CPI). 
 A production royalty equal to 5.0 of the Net Smelter Returns (as defined in the 2018 UNR Lease) from the production or sale of Minerals (as defined in the 2018 UNR Lease) from the Property. 
 
 Note The lands subject to the 2018 UNR Lease are also subject to a royalty under the Decker Lease. 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 5. Purchase and assignment agreement made as of December 1, 
 1988 (the Freeport Royalty Agreement between Freeport- McMoran Gold Company, a Delaware corporation (predecessor in interest to Royal Gold, Inc. Royal Gold )), and Rayrock Mines, Inc., a Nevada Corporation (predecessor in interest to Marigold Mining Company) 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 A Net Smelter Return Royalty equal to 2 of Net Smelter Returns (as defined in the Freeport Royalty Agreement), payable sixty 
 (60) days from the end of each calendar quarter year during which Minerals Products (as defined in the Freeport Royalty Agreement) produced from ore mined from the Mining Property (as defined in the Freeport Royalty Agreement) is sold. 
 
 The Net Smelter Return Royalty shall only be payable after 150,000 troy ounces of gold have been produced and sold from ores mined from the Mining Property. 
 
 Mining Property as defined in the Freeport Royalty Agreement is made up of (i) the lands subject to the Decker Lease and (ii) the lands subject to the 2018 UNR Lease. 
 
 The Net Smelter Return Royalty is due and payable to Royal Gold. 
 6. The Euro- Nevada Lease 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 A production royalty equal to 5 of the net mint or smelter returns (as defined in the Euro- Nevada Lease) upon all metals, ores, minerals and mineral substances (or concentrates produced therefrom by lessee), produced sold and shipped or otherwise disposed of from the Subject Property (as defined in the Euro- Nevada Lease). 
 7. The SPLC Lease and the SPLC Sublease 
 Lessee shall pay lessor an advance royalty payment annually on the anniversary date and on each succeeding anniversary date of 20 acre for the Leased Premises (as defined in the SPLC Sublease). 
 In the event lessee removes Minerals (as defined in the SPLC Sublease) from the Leased Premises (as defined in the SPLC Sublease), lessee shall pay to lessor a production royalty equal to 5 of the Net Returns (as defined in the SPLC Sublease) of the Minerals mined and removed. 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 8. Royalty agreement effective August 25, 2014 between Marigold Mining Company and Newmont (as predecessor in interest to Maverick Metals Inc.) (the Maverick Royalty Agreement 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 A production royalty equal to 2.0 of Net Smelter Returns (as defined in the Maverick Royalty Agreement) from the sale or other disposition of all Minerals (as defined in the Maverick Royalty Agreement) produced from the Properties (as defined in the Maverick Royalty Agreement). 
 
 Properties as defined in the Maverick Royalty Agreement is made up of the property, acquired from Newmont, listed as item 6 of the Owned Real Property set out in Schedule 3.1(26). 
 9. The New Nevada 2012 Lease 
 Annual payment of 1 acre of the Leased Premises (as defined in the New Nevada 2012 Lease), which, beginning on the fifth anniversary date of the New Nevada 2012 Lease, shall be increased by 5 or the percentage increase in the CPI deflator of the Gross National Product for the calendar year immediately preceding the anniversary date of the New Nevada 2012 Lease, whichever is greater. 
 A production royalty equal to 3.5 of the net mint or smelter returns upon all Leased Substances (as defined in the New Nevada 2012 Lease) (or concentrates produced therefrom) produced, sold and shipped from the Leased Premises (as defined in the New Nevada 2012 Lease). 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 10. The New 
 Nevada 2014 Lease 
 Beginning on the twentieth anniversary date of the New Nevada 2014 Lease, annual payment of 3 acre of the Leased Premises (as defined in the New Nevada 2014 Lease) that remain subject to the New Nevada 2014 Lease. Certain advance minimum royalty payments are due on the first through the nineteenth anniversary dates of the New Nevada 2014 Lease, but are not based on the acreage of Leased Premises. 
 A production royalty equal to 2.125 of the net mint or smelter returns upon all Leased Substances (as defined in the New Nevada 2014 Lease) (or concentrates produced therefrom) produced, sold and shipped from the Leased Premises provided, however, as to any industrial minerals that are produced, sold and shipped from any portion of the Leased Premises pursuant to any sublease granted previously or hereafter by lessee and for which a production royalty is payable to lessee based on the volume or weight of industrial minerals that are produced from the Lease Premises, lessee shall pay 50 of the amount of the production royalty received by lessee for those industrial minerals and no further additional production royalty shall be payable under the New Nevada 2014 Lease for those industrial minerals. 
 11. The Nevada North Lease 
 Annual payment equal to 57 of the following advance royalty payment amounts, based on the Average Gold Price (as defined in the Nevada North Lease) per ounce 
 Production royalty of the following, based on the Gold Price (as defined in the Nevada North Lease) per ounce, subject to lessee s option to reduce the production royalty to 2 of the Net Returns (as defined in the Nevada North Lease) for US 1 million provided that such option shall only be exercisable by lessee in the event the Congress of the United States during the term of the Nevada North Lease imposes any type of production royalty on production or sale of Leased Substances (as defined in the Nevada North Lease) 
 Gold Price per ounce 
 Royalty Percentage of Net Returns 
 275 or less 
 3 
 Greater than 
 275 but less than 375 
 4 
 375 or greater 
 5 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 12. Franco-Nevada Lease 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 Production royalty of 3 of the Net Smelter Returns (as defined in the Franco-Nevada Lease) from the sale of Mineral Substances (as defined in the Franco-Nevada Lease) from the Property (as defined in the Franco-Nevada Lease). 
 13. NSR agreement entered into on June 8, 2018 between Marigold Mining Company and Doby George, LLC (the Doby George Royalty Agreement 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 Production royalty of 3 of the Net Smelter Returns (as defined in the Doby George Royalty Agreement) from the sale of Precious Metals (as defined in the Doby George Royalty Agreement) from the Property (as defined in the Doby George Royalty Agreement). 
 
 Property as defined in the Doby George Royalty Agreement is made up of the property listed as item 9(b) of the Owned Real Property set out in Schedule 3.1(26). 
 14. NSR agreement entered into on January 30, 2019 between Doby George, LLC and Western Royalty Holding LLC, as assigned by Doby George, LLC to Western Exploration LLC WEX and subsequently assigned by WEX to Marigold Mining Company pursuant to an assignment of NSR agreement made effective as of January 30, 2019 (the WEX Royalty Agreement 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 Production royalty of the following, in accordance with the sliding scale set forth below and payable only on recoverable gold ounces produced and sold from the Property (as defined in the WEX Royalty Agreement) that are in excess of the first 275,000 ounces of gold produced and sold from the Property 
 
 Property as defined in the WEX Royalty Agreement is made up of the property listed as item 10(b) of the Owned Real Property set out in Schedule 3.1(26). 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 15. Net smelter returns royalty agreement made and entered into effective as of June 3, 2019 by and between Marigold Mining Company and Newmont (the Newmont TC Royalty Agreement 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 A production royalty equal to 0.5 of Net Smelter Returns (as defined in the Newmont TC Royalty Agreement) from the sale or other disposition of all Minerals (as defined in the Newmont TC Royalty Agreement) produced from the Properties (as defined in the Newmont TC Royalty Agreement). 
 
 Properties as defined in the Newmont TC Royalty Agreement is made up of the property acquired from Newmont, listed as item 11 of the Owned Real Property set out in Schedule 3.1(26) certain unpatented mining claims acquired from Newmont, listed under Owned Unpatented Mining Claims in Schedule 3.1(26) certain leased unpatented mining claims acquired from Newmont, listed under items 4 (Nevada North Lease) and 6 (New Nevada 2006 Lease) of the Leased Unpatented Mining Claims in Schedule 3.1(26) and certain leased property, acquired from Newmont, listed under item 6 of the Lease Real Property in Schedule 3.1(26). 
 16. Net smelter returns royalty agreement (Venture Real Property) made and entered into effective as of June 3, 2019 by and between Marigold Mining Company and Newmont (the Newmont BV Royalty Agreement 
 There is no minimum royalty or advance payment. 
 A production royalty equal to 0.5 of Net Smelter Returns (as defined in the Newmont BV Royalty Agreement) from the sale or other disposition of a 70 interest in all Minerals (as defined in the Newmont BV Royalty Agreement) produced from the Properties (as defined in the Newmont BV Royalty Agreement). 
 
 Properties as defined in the Newmont BV Royalty Agreement is made up of the property acquired from Newmont and Fairmile Gold Mining Inc. Fairmile ), listed as item 12 of the Owned Real Property set out in Schedule 3.1(26) and certain unpatented mining claims acquired from Newmont and Fairmile, listed under Owned Unpatented Mining Claims in Schedule 3.1(26). 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 17. New Nevada 
 2006 Lease 
 50,000 annually on June 1 during the term of the New Nevada 2006 Lease. 
 Production royalty of the following percentages of net smelter returns (as defined in the New Nevada 2006 Lease) from the sale of gold from the Property (as defined in the New Nevada 2006 Lease) 
 
 Also includes sliding scale production royalty of 3 to 6.5 of net smelter returns (as defined in the New Nevada 2006 Lease) from the sale of silver from the Property (as defined in the New Nevada 2006 Lease) and production royalty of 3 of net smelter returns (as defined in the New Nevada 2006 Lease) from the sale of other Minerals (as defined in the New Nevada 2006 Lease) from the Property (as defined in the New Nevada 2006 Lease). 

EXISTING ROYALTY AGREEMENT 
 MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY ADVANCE ROYALTY 
 PRODUCTION ROYALTY 
 18. Net smelter 
 There is no minimum royalty 
 A production royalty equal to 3.0 of net 
 return royalty dated 
 or advance payment. 
 smelter returns (as defined in the IAMGOLD 
 as of August 30, 
 Royalty Agreement) from the sale of minerals 
 1994 between 
 from the Claims (as defined in the IAMGOLD 
 Fairmile and 
 Royalty Agreement). 
 Repadre Capital 
 Corporation (predecessor in 
 interest to 
 IAMGOLD Corporation IAMGOLD )), 
 as amended by an 
 amendment to net 
 smelter royalty 
 dated and effective 
 May 3, 2006 by and 
 between Fairmile 
 and IAMGOLD 
 (collectively, the 
 IAMGOLD 
 Royalty Agreement 
 19. Various, 
 There is no minimum royalty 
 Royalties of (a) 2.4 gross royalty on 
 including or advance payment. 
 production from Precious Metals Properties 
 Agreement, dated 
 (as defined in the NMP-WX Agreement) and 
 August 1, 1994, by 
 8 of the royalty of 8 of the net profits from 
 and between 
 production from Non-Precious Metal 
 Nevada Mine 
 Properties (as defined in the NMP-WX 
 Properties, Inc., 
 Agreement) to International Royalty 
 Priority Minerals 
 Corporation and (b) 0.6 gross royalty on 
 Limited and WFD 
 production from Precious Metals Properties 
 Limited (the 
 (as defined in the NMP-WX Agreement) and 
 NMP-WX 
 8 of the royalty of 2 of the net profits from 
 Agreement 
 production from Non-Precious Metal 
 Properties (as defined in the NMP-WX 
 Agreement) to International Royalty 
 Corporation 

Mine Safety and Health Administration Violations 

SCHEDULE 3.1(34) MINE SAFETY 

The following is a summary of citations issued by the U.S. Labor Department s Mine Safety and Health Administration under Section 104(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 for violations of health or safety standards for the period of June 1, 2020 to May 31, 2021 

Citation Order No. 
 
 Case No. 
 
 Date Issued 
 Significant & Substantial Violation (Y N) 
 
 C O Status 
 
 Proposed Penalty ) 
 
 Amount Paid to Date 
 9611069 
 '-- 
 03 30 21 
 N 
 Not Assessed Yet 
 0 
 0 
 9611126 
 '-- 
 03 30 21 
 N 
 Not Assessed Yet 
 0 
 0 
 9611124 
 534017 
 03 25 21 
 N 
 Closed 
 125 
 125 
 9611123 
 534017 
 03 24 21 
 N 
 Closed 
 125 
 125 
 9501172 
 524690 
 09 16 20 
 N 
 Closed 
 123 
 123 
 9501173 
 524690 
 09 16 20 
 N 
 Closed 
 123 
 123 
 9501913 
 524690 
 09 16 20 
 N 
 Closed 
 123 
 123 
 9501170 
 524690 
 09 15 20 
 N 
 Closed 
 123 
 123 
 9501171 
 524690 
 09 15 20 
 N 
 Closed 
 123 
 123 
 9501751 
 524690 
 09 15 20 
 N 
 Closed 
 199 
 199 

Reportable Injuries 
 
 Contractor ID 
 Incident Date 
 Degree of Injury 
 Classification Occupation - Activity 
 Total Experience Mine Experience 
 Job Experience 
 Employee 5 14 21 Days away from work only 
 Handling of materials 
 Coal ore shovel operator, Shoveler, Power shoveler 
 20.08 5.00 1.46 

Contractor ID 
 Incident Date 
 Degree of Injury 
 Classification Occupation - Activity 
 Total Experience Mine Experience 
 Job Experience 
 Contractor 
 -P001 
 2 21 21 No days away from work, no restricted activity 
 Machinery Maintenance man, Mechanic, Repair Serviceman, Boilermaker, Fueler, Tire tech, Field service tech 
 9.00 1.37 1.52 Employee 12 19 20 No days away from work, no restricted activity 
 Machinery Maintenance man, Mechanic, Repair Serviceman, Boilermaker, Fueler, Tire tech, Field service tech 
 20.06 16.06 20.06 Employee 9 12 20 Days away from work only 
 Powered Haulage 
 Haul Off road Coal Ore Pit Quarry Rock Rubber tire truck driver, Transportation truck driver 
 8.23 4.10 4.10 Employee 6 17 20 Days away from work only 
 Slip or fall of person 
 Bulldozer operator, Universal operator, Heavy equipment operator, Operating engineer 
 6.15 6.15 6.15 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 exhibit108anagoldfacilitya.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

To ANAGOLD MADENC L K SANAY VE T CARET A. . (the Borrower 
 
 Attention David Muir 
 
 etin Eme Bulvar 8.Cad. 1332. Sok. No 8 8 
 A a ve ler Dikmen Cankaya Ankara, T rkiye 
 
 30 December 2022 

Dear Sirs 
 
 Waiver and Amendment Letter 
 
 1 Introduction 
 
 1.1 We refer to 
 
 (a) the facility agreement originally dated 21 September 2015 entered into between amongst others Anagold Madencilik Sanayi Ve Ticaret A. as Borrower Alacer Gold Corp. as Parent Societe Generale, London Branch, BNP Paribas (Suisse) SA and ING Bank N.V. (each as a Mandated Lead Arranger) and ING Bank N.V. as Facility Agent, as first amended and restated pursuant to an amendment and restatement agreement dated 16 June 2016 and further amended and restated pursuant to a second amendment and restatement deed dated 30 July 2019 (the Facility Agreement 
 
 (b) the email correspondence, including that on July 6, 7, 13, 15 and 22, 2022 exchanged between the Borrower and the Facility Agent, relating to the spill of cyanide at the Project and the consequential fine imposed by the Ministry of Environment, Urbanization and Climate Change in respect of that spill (the Incident and 
 
 (c) documents sent by the Borrower to the Facility Agent on August 16, 2022, describing the Incident and response thereto and 
 
 (d) Clause 21.9(b) Financial statements of the Facility Agreement in relation to the delivery of the quarterly interim financial statements of the Borrower within forty five (45) days of 30 June 2022 (the 2022 Q2 Financial Statements ). 
 
 1.2 Words and phrases used in this letter (the Waiver and Amendment Letter shall have the meanings set out in the Facility Agreement, unless otherwise defined in this Waiver and Amendment Letter. 
 
 1.3 The Incident has resulted in 
 
 (a) a breach of the following provisions of the Facility Agreement 
 
 (i) certain representations and warranties made as of June 30, 2022 and 30 September 2022, and contained in clauses 20.9 Validity and admissibility in evidence Authorisations ), 20.33, 20.34 and 20.35 Environmental and Social Matters and 20.71 Compliance with laws (the Affected Representations 
 
 (ii) the information undertakings contained in clauses 21.6 Environmental and Social Monitoring Report ), 21.19 Borrower Compliance Certificate ), 21.23 Environmental and Social Matters) and 21.24 Miscellaneous Information 
 954443961.2 

- 2 - 

(iii) the project undertakings contained in clauses 25.7 Project Authorisations 25.9, 25.10, 25.11, 25.12 and 25.15 Environmental and Social Matters and 
 
 (b) Events of Default (as defined in the Facility Agreement) under clauses 27.6 Breach of other obligations of the Facility Agreement pursuant to the breaches set out at paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii), clause 27.8 Misrepresentation of the Facility Agreement pursuant to the breaches set out at paragraph a(i) and clauses 27.29 and 27.31 Environmental matters of the Facility Agreement (collectively the Incident Events of Default ). 
 
 1.4 The 2022 Q2 Financial Statements were not delivered by the Borrower within forty five (45) days of 30 June 2022 and the Borrower is therefore in breach of clause 21.9(b) Financial statements of the Facility Agreement (the Financial Statement Breach ). The Financial Statement Breach has resulted in an Event of Default under clause 27.6 Breach of other obligations of the Facility Agreement (the Financial Statement Event of Default ). 
 
 2 Waivers 
 
 The Facility Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) agrees 
 
 (a) to waive each Incident Event of Default as it relates to the Incident and the disclosure thereof by the Borrower to the Facility Agent 
 
 (b) that the Affected Representations are hereby modified to reflect the disclosure of the Incident and agrees that the Incident is an exception to those Affected Representations and 
 
 (c) to waive the Financial Statement Event of Default. 
 
 3 Undertakings 
 
 3.1 The Borrower undertakes to deliver the Environmental and Social Monitoring Report no later 
 than 30 November 2022. 
 
 3.2 The Borrower undertakes to notify the Facility Agent 
 
 (a) immediately on becoming aware (and no later than 19 March 2023) that it will not be able to provide by 19 March 2023 the required information as specified in Annex-3C of the Environmental Permit and Licence Regulation which would allow the Borrower to convert the temporary operating permit, granted by the Ministry of Environment on 20 September 2022 into a five year permanent operating permit (the Permanent Permit or 
 
 (b) on receipt of the Permanent Permit issued to the Borrower by the Ministry of 
 Environment. 

4 Amendment 
 
 With effect from the date of your counter-signature of this letter, the Facility Agreement shall be 
 amended as follows 
 
 (a) the Gold price set out in Schedule 9 Economic Assumptions shall be amended to read as follows 
 
 Gold price 
 
 For 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2022 US 1,650.00 per ounce 
 
 954443961.2 

- 3 - 

For 2023 US 1,600.00 per ounce 
 
 For 2024 US 1,400.00 per ounce 
 
 For 2025 and thereafter US 1,250.00 per ounce. and 
 
 (b) Paragraph 2(a) of the Form of Borrower Compliance Certificate set out at Schedule 5, Part 1 Form of Borrower Compliance Certificate shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
 
 (a) the Historic Debt Service Cover Ratio for the Calculation Period ending on insert relevant Calculation Date is greater than or equal to 1.20 1 . 
 
 5 Other 
 
 5.1 The parties agree and acknowledge that the transfer of funds by the Borrower of US 24,800,000 on 20 September 2022 and US 2,500,000 on 26 September 2022 from the Distribution Account to the Proceeds Account was an Additional Equity Contribution (as defined in the Facility Agreement) and that Additional Equity Contribution was deemed to be Revenue for the purpose of calculating CFADS, in accordance with clause 27.5 Financial covenants of the Facility Agreement. 
 
 5.2 The parties agree and acknowledge that notwithstanding the terms of the Facility Agreement and only in relation to the calculation for the Historic Debt Service Cover Ratio at Clause 22.1 Financial and reserve undertakings and for the purpose of calculating the Historic Debt Service Cover Ratio for a Borrower Compliance Certificate, the Calculation Period as defined at paragraph (a) of the definition of Calculation Period contained in clause 1.1 Definitions of the Facility Agreement, shall be interpreted such that it does not include the three month period commencing on 1 July 2022 and ending on 30 September 2022 (the Q3 2022 Period ). Accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, any 
 
 (a) CFADS or 
 
 (b) principal amount of the Loans which became due and payable pursuant to clause 6.1 Repayment of the Loans of the Facility Agreement plus interest and all other amounts required under the Finance Documents to be paid in relation to such Loans, 
 
 in the Q3 2022 Period shall not be included in any calculations for the Historic Debt Service Cover Ratio to be determined in accordance with Clause 22.1 Financial and reserve undertakings and for calculating the Historic Debt Service Cover Ratio for a Borrower Compliance Certificate. 
 
 6 Representations 
 
 By countersigning this letter, the Borrower confirms that each of the Repeating Representations, as modified pursuant to paragraph 2(b) Waivers 
 
 (a) is true on the date of this letter and 
 
 (b) is true on the date of your counter-signature of this letter after the waiver set out in Paragraph 2 Waivers has come into effect and this letter has become a Finance Document. 
 
 7 Continuing Obligations 
 
 7.1 The waivers granted in Paragraph 2 Waivers are strictly limited to the matters and upon the conditions set out herein and shall not be construed as the granting of, or a right to, any waiver of any other provision. 
 
 954443961.2 

- 4 - 

7.2 Except as expressly provided in paragraphs 2 Waivers and 4 Amendment above, nothing in this Waiver and Amendment Letter shall constitute an amendment, waiver, consent or release of any provision of, or any right or remedy of any party to the Facility Agreement, nor otherwise prejudice any right or remedy of any Finance Party under the Facility Agreement or any Finance Document. 
 
 7.3 The Facility Agent confirms that, save to the extent varied by this Waiver and Amendment 
 Letter, the Facility Agreement remains in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 
 7.4 Nothing in this Waiver and Amendment Letter shall affect the rights of any Finance Party in respect of the occurrence of any Event of Default which is continuing, and which has not been remedied or waived in accordance with the terms of this Waiver and Amendment Letter, or which arises on or after the date of this Waiver and Amendment Letter. 
 
 8 Miscellaneous 
 
 8.1 This Waiver and Amendment Letter is hereby designated as a Finance Document by each of the Facility Agent and the Borrower. 
 
 8.2 This Waiver and Amendment Letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Waiver and Amendment Letter shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof. 
 
 8.3 No term of this Waiver and Amendment Letter is enforceable by, or of benefit to, anyone other than the Finance Parties and the parties to this Waiver and Amendment Letter under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
 
 8.4 This Waiver and Amendment Letter and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law and the provisions of clause 45 Enforcement of the Facility Agreement shall apply to this Waiver and Amendment Letter, with necessary changes. 
 
 Yours faithfully, 
 Signatures Redacted 
 ING Bank N.V. 
 as Facility Agent acting for and on behalf of the Majority Lenders 
 
 954443961.2 

- 5 - 

We hereby agree to the terms of the Waiver and Amendment Letter and acknowledge that the consents and waivers contained in the Waiver and Amendment Letter are subject in all respects to the terms set out therein. 

s Ahmet Do an, Chairman 
 Authorised signatory 
 for and on behalf of 
 ANAGOLD MADENC L K SANAY VE T CARET A. . 
 as Borrower 
 Date 30 December 2022 
 954443961.2 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21>
 5
 exhibit21subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of SSR Mining Inc. 
 As of February 10, 2023 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation Ownership 0694758 B.C. Ltd. British Columbia, Canada 100.00 Alacer Gold Corp. Yukon, Canada 100.00 Alacer Gold Corp. S.a.r.l. Luxembourg 100.00 Alacer Gold Holdings Corp. S.a.r.l. Luxembourg 100.00 Alacer Gold Madencilik A. . Turkey 100.00 Alkara Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey 100.00 Anagold Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey 80.00 Bakirtepe Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey 70.00 Candelaria Mining Company Delaware, U.S. 100.00 Fossores Ltd. Cayman Islands 100.00 Intertrade Metals Corp. British Columbia, Canada 100.00 Intertrade Metals Limited Partnership British Columbia, Canada 100.00 Kartaltepe Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey 80.00 Kiziltepe Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey 100.00 Marigold Mining Company Delaware, U.S. 100.00 Maverick Silver Inc. Nevada, U.S. 100.00 Mina Pirquitas Sociedad Anonima Argentina 100.00 Puna Operations Inc. British Columbia, Canada 100.00 Reliant Ventures S.A.C. Peru 100.00 San Luis Minerals (BVI) Inc. British Virgin Islands 100.00 San Luis Resource (BVI) Inc. British Virgin Islands 100.00 SGO Mining Inc. British Columbia, Canada 100.00 Silver Standard Canada Holdings Ltd. British Columbia, Canada 100.00 Silver Standard Marigold Inc. Delaware, U.S. 100.00 Silver Standard Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100.00 Silver Standard Peru (BVI) Inc. British Virgin Islands 100.00 Silver Standard U.S. Inc. Nevada, U.S. 100.00 Silver Standard U.S. Services Inc. Nevada, U.S. 100.00 Silver Standard US Holdings Inc. Delaware, U.S. 100.00 Silver Standard Ventures Inc. British Columbia, Canada 100.00 Sociedad Minera Berenguela S.A. Peru 100.00 SS Canada Finance Inc. British Columbia, Canada 100.00 SSR Management Inc. Colorado, U.S. 100.00 Tun p nar Madencilik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey 30.00 Valle del Cura S.A. de C.V. Argentina 100.00 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231consentofindepen.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-219848, 333-185498, 333-196116, 333-198092, 333-248813, 333-259280, 333-265661) of SSR Mining Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 Vancouver, Canada 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 exhibit232consentofkarthik.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF EXPERT 
 
 I hereby consent to the use of and reference to my name, Karthik Rathnam, MAusIMM (CP), and the information that I reviewed and approved, as described or incorporated by reference in (i) SSR Mining Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and (ii) SSR Mining Inc. s Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-219848, 333-185498, 333-196116, 333-198092, 333-248813, 333-259280 and 333-265661), filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Dated this 22nd day of February, 2023. 
 Yours very sincerely, 
 
 s Karthik Rathnam 
 Karthik Rathnam, MAusIMM (CP) 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 8
 exhibit233consentofbrandon.htm
 EX-23.3

Document 

Exhibit 23.3 
 CONSENT OF EXPERT 
 
 I hereby consent to the use of and reference to my name, Brandon Heser, SME Registered Member (4119556) and the information that I reviewed and approved, as described or incorporated by reference in (i) SSR Mining Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and (ii) SSR Mining Inc. s Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-219848, 333-185498, 333-196116, 333-198092, 333-248813, 333-259280 and 333-265661), filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Dated this 22nd day of February, 2023. 
 
 Yours very sincerely, 

s Brandon Heser 
 Brandon Heser, SME Registered Member (4119556) 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit311certificationpur.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 SSR Mining Inc. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of The Securities Exchange Act Of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Rodney P. Antal, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SSR Mining Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 22, 2023 
 s Rodney P. Antal 
 Rodney P. Antal 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit312certificationpur.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SSR Mining Inc. 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Alison White, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SSR Mining Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 22, 2023 
 s Alison White 
 Alison White 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit321certificationpur.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 SSR Mining Inc. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SSR Mining Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Rodney P. Antal, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Rodney P. Antal Rodney P. Antal President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exhibit322certificationpur.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 SSR Mining Inc. 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SSR Mining Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Alison White, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Alison White Alison White Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 13
 exhibit95minesafetyinforma.htm
 EX-95

Document 

Exhibit 95 
 Mine Safety Information 
 The following disclosures are provided pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, which require certain disclosures by companies required to file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that operate mines regulated under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). The disclosures reflect our U.S. mining operations only as the requirements of the Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K do not apply to our mines operated outside the United States. 
 Mine Safety Information. Whenever the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA believes a violation of the Mine Act, any health or safety standard or any regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation which describes the alleged violation and fixes a time within which a U.S. mining operator must abate the alleged violation. In some situations, such as when MSHA believes that conditions pose a hazard to miners, MSHA may issue an order removing miners from the area of the mine affected by the condition until the alleged hazards are corrected. When MSHA issues a citation or order, it generally proposes a civil penalty, or fine, as a result of the alleged violation, that the operator is ordered to pay. Citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments vary depending on the size and type (underground or surface) of the mine as well as by the MSHA inspector(s) assigned. In addition to civil penalties, the Mine Act also provides for criminal penalties for an operator who willfully violates a health or safety standard or knowingly violates or fails or refuses to comply with an order issued under Section 107(a) or any final decision issued under the Act. 
 The below table reflects citations and orders issued to us by MSHA during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. The proposed assessments for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 were taken from the MSHA data retrieval system as of January 17, 2023. 
 Additional information about the Act and MSHA references used in the table follows. 
 Section 104(a) Significant and Substantial S Citations . Citations received from MSHA under section 104(a) of the Mine Act for violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard. 
 Section 104(b) Orders . Orders issued by MSHA under section 104(b) of the Mine Act, which represents a failure to abate a citation under section 104(a) within the period of time prescribed by MSHA. This results in an order of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition until MSHA determines that the violation has been abated. 
 Section 104(d) S&S Citations and Orders . Citations and orders issued by MSHA under section 104(d) of the Mine Act for unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory, significant and substantial health or safety standards. 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations . Flagrant violations issued by MSHA under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act. 
 Section 107(a) Orders . Orders issued by MSHA under section 107(a) of the Mine Act for situations in which MSHA determined an imminent danger (as defined by MSHA) existed. 

Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 Mine Section 104(a) S&S Citations Section 104(b) Orders Section 104(d) S&S Citations and Orders Section 110(b)(2) Violations Section 107(a) Orders in thousands) Proposed MSHA Assessments Fatalities Marigold Mine (MSHA ID# 2602081) 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 Pattern or Potential Pattern of Violations . During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, none of the mines operated by the Company received written notice from MSHA of (a) a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of the Mine Act or (b) the potential to have such a pattern. 
 Pending Legal Actions . Legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the Commission ), an independent adjudicative agency that provides administrative trial and appellate review of legal disputes arising under the Mine Act, may involve, among other questions, challenges by operators to citations, orders and penalties they have received from MSHA or complaints of discrimination by miners under section 105 of the Mine Act. The following is a brief description of the types of legal actions that may be brought before the Commission. 
 Contests of Citations and Orders . A contest proceeding may be filed with the Commission by operators, miners or miners representatives to challenge the issuance of a citation or order issued by MSHA. 
 Contests of Proposed Penalties (Petitions for Assessment of Penalties) A contest of a proposed penalty is an administrative proceeding before the Commission challenging a civil penalty that MSHA has proposed for the alleged violation contained in a citation or order. The validity of the citation may also be challenged in this proceeding as well. 
 Complaints for Compensation A complaint for compensation may be filed with the Commission by miners entitled to compensation when a mine is closed by certain withdrawal orders issued by MSHA. The purpose of the proceeding is to determine the amount of compensation, if any, due miners idled by the orders. 
 Complaints of Discharge, Discrimination or Interference A discrimination proceeding is a case that involves a miner s allegation that he or she has suffered a wrong by the operator because he or she engaged in some type of activity protected under the Mine Act, such as making a safety complaint. 
 Applications for Temporary Relief An application for temporary relief from any modification or termination of any order or from any order issued under section 104 of the Mine Act. 
 Appeals of Judges Decisions or Orders to the Commission A filing with the Commission of a petition for discretionary review of a Judge s decision or order by a person who has been adversely affected or aggrieved by such decision or order. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, none of the mines operated by the Company had any pending legal actions before the Commission, any legal actions instituted, or any legal actions resolved. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ssrm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 ssrm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ssrm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 ssrm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 ssrm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

